THE

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

Vol. 43.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

From November the 15th, 1787,

To

September the 25th, 1788,

In the Twenty-eighth Year of the Reign of

King GEORGE the Third

Printed by Order of the House of Commons.

By the KING,

A PROCLAMATION,

GEORGE R.

WHEREAS Our Parliament stands prorogued to Tuesday the Sixteenth Day of this Instant Oct

---

That the said Parliament shall, on the said Fifteenth

Pay of next, be held for the Dispatch of

divers weighty and important Affairs: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, GEORGE R. and Burgesses, and the Commissioners for Shires and

®urghs> of the House of Commons, are hereby re- <luired to g've Attendance accordingly, at her: We, with the Advice of Our Privy Council, do on the said Fifteenth Day of November next, hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament

shall be further prorogued, on the said Sixteenth Day

of this Instant October, to ’fburjday the Fifteenth Day

of November next: And We have given

Chancellor of Great Britain, to prepare a Commission for proroguing the same accordingly. And We do hereby further declare Our Royal Will and Pleasure,

Given at Our Court at St. James's, the Fifth Day of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven, in the Twenty-seventh Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the King.

---

prorogued*

M^stage to artnui His Majesty*

Writs issued in Reccis.

J OURNALS

OF THE

H O U SE of COMMONS.

Jovis, 15* die;

Anno Regni 28® Georgii III*11 Regis 1787.

T A H E House being met, pursuant to the Pro- clamation hereunto annexed;

-- A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Quarme, Yeoman Uihcr of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went tip to the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read, for proroguing the Parliament, until Tuef-day the 27th Day of this Instant November: And the Parliament was accordingly prorogued until ‘Tuesday the 27th Day of this Instant November.

Mart is , 2 70 die Novembris;

" present Majesty, as authorizes the Speaker of the House of Commons to issue his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, for making out Writs for the tr Election of Members to serve in Parliament, in the " Manner therein mentioned; and for substituting " other Provisions for the like Purposes," he had issued his Warrants to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out new Writs for the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the following Places; viz. for the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of the Right Honourable John Montagu, commonly called Lord Montagu, deceased; for the Borough of Caine, in the County of Wilts, in the room of "James ‘Townfend, Esquire, deceased and for the Borough of Clifton Dartmouth Hardness, in the County of Devon, in the room of Arthur Ho I dsworth, Esquire, deceased.

Several Members returned upon new Writs took Membentak* the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and took and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, according to the Laws made for those Purposes; and such of the said Members as are by Law required to deliver in to the Clerk of this House an Account of their Qualification, and to take and subscribe the Oath of Qualification, delivered in such Account, and took and subscribed the said Oath accordingly.

Anno 18* Georgii IIP11 Regis 1787.

A MESSAGE from His Majesty, by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to repeal so much of Two Acts, made in the Tenth and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His

A Bill for the more effectual preventing Clandestine Outlawry Bill Outlawries, was read the First Time. K*d'

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended Mr. Speaker His Majesty, in the House of Peers; where His Ma- King'sSpe'ch. jesty was pleased to make a most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both Houses of Parliament; of which, Mr. Speaker said, he had, to prevent Mif-takes, obtained a Copy; which he read to the House; and is as followeth; viz.

My Lords, and Gentlemen,

At the Close of the lafb Section, I informed you of the Concern with which I observed the Disputes unhappily subsisting in the Republic of the United Provinces.

Their Situation soon afterwards became more critical and alarming, and the Danger which threatened

their

4 27° Novetnbr, 17^7*

their Constitution and Independence, seemed likely in My Lords, and Gentlemen, its Consequences to affect the Security and Interests The flourishing State of the Commerce and Reve-of My Dominidfis. nues of this Country, cannot fail to encourage you

No Endeavours were wanting on My Part to con- in the Pursuit of such Measures as may confirm and tribute fiy My good Offices to the Reftqration of improve so favourable a Situation.

Tranquillity, and the Maintenance of the lawful Go- These, Circumstances must also render you pecu-vernment; and I also thought it necessary to explain ]jariy anxious for the Continuance of Public Tran-My Intention of counterading all forcible Inter- quillity, which it is My constant Object to preference on the Part of France, in the internal Af- fe

fairs of the Republic. Under these Circumstances, the King of Prussia having taken Measures to en-> force his Demand of Satisfaction for the Insult off fered to the Princess of Orange, the Party which had usurped the Government of Holland applied to the Most Christian King for Assistance, who notified to Me his Intention of granting their Request.

In Conformity to the Principles which I had before explained, I did not hesitate, on receiving this Notification, to declare, that I could not remain a quiet Spedator of the armed Interference of , and I gave immediate Orders for augmenting My Forces both by Sea and Land.

In the Course of these Transactions, I also thought proper to conclude a Treaty with the Landgrave of Hejfe Caffiel, by which I secured the Assistance of a considerable Body of Troops in case My Service Should require it.

In the mean Time, the rapid Success of the Prussian Troops under the Conduct of the Duke of while it was the Means of obtaining the Reparation demanded by the King of , enabled the Provinces to deliver themselves from the Oppression under which they laboured, and to re-establish their lawful Government.

All Subjects of Contest being thus removed, an amicable Explanation took place between Me and the Most Christian King, and Declarations have been exchanged by Our respective Ministers, by which We have agreed mutually to disarm, and to place Our Naval Establishments on the same Footing as in the Beginning of the present Year.

It gives Me the greatest Satisfaction that the important Events, which I have communicated to you, have taken place without disturbing My Subjects in the Enjoyment of the Blessings of Peace; and I have great Pleasure in acquainting you, that I continue to receive from all Foreign Powers the fulleft Affurances of their pacific and friendly Dispofuion towards this Country. I must, at the same Time, regret that the Tranquillity of one Part of Europe is unhappily interrupted by the War which has broken out between Russia and The Porte.

A Convention has been agreed upon between Me and the Most Christian King, explanatory of the Thirteenth Article of the last Treaty of Peace, and calculated to prevent Jealousies and Disputes between Our respective Subjects in The East Indief. —

I have ordered Copies of the several Treaties to which I have referred, and of the Declaration and Counter Declaration exchanged at f'er/ailles, to be laid before you.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I have ordered the Estimates for the ensuing Year to be laid before you, together with an Account of the extraordinary Expences which the Situation of Affairs rendered necessary.

I have the fulleft Reliance on your Zeal and Public Spirit, that you will make due Provision for the several Branches of the Public Service. I am always desirous of confining those Expences within the narrowed Limits which a prudent Regard to the Public Safety will permit j but I must at the same Time recommend it to your particular Attention to consider of the proper Means for maintaining My distant Possessions in an adequate Posture of Defence,

I am at the same Time persuaded that you will agree with Me in thinking that nothing can more effectually tend to secure ft) invaluable a Blessing, than the Zeal and Unanimity which were shewn by all Ranks of My Subjects on the late Occasion, and which manifest their Readiness to exert themselves whenever the Honour of My Crown and the Interests of My Dominions may require it,

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente,

That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, to return His Majesty the Thanks of this House for His most Gracious Speech from the Throne:

To assure His Majesty, that His faithful Commons acknowledge with Gratitude His Majesty’s Regard for the Welfare and Interests of His People, manifested by His Attention to the Disputes which unhappily subsisted in the Republic of the United Provinces, and by His Endeavours to promote the Restoration of their internal Tranquillity, and the Maintenance of their lawful Government: That we are sensible that the Danger which lately threatened the Constitution and Independence of the United Provinces was likely, in its Consequences, to affect the Security and Interests of His Majesty’s Dominions j and that we particularly applaud His Majesty’s just Determination to counteract all forcible Interference on the Part of France in the internal Affairs of the Republic:

That we feel, in the strongest Manner, the Propriety and Necessity of the Declaration made by His Majesty in Conformity to those Principles, when the Intention of the Most Christian King was notified to His Majesty, as well as of the seasonable and vigorous Steps taken for the immediate Augmentation of His Majesty’s Forces both by Sea ancTLand:

That the rapid and brilliant Success of the Arms, under the Conduct of his Serene Highness the Duke of Brun/wick, affords us Matter of peculiar Satisfaction, both as it was the Means of obtaining the Reparation demanded by the King of Prussia, and as it has enabled the Provinces to deliver themselves from the Oppression under which they laboured, and to re-establish their lawful Government:

That we cordially congratulate His Majesty on the important Events which have taken Place without disturbing His Majesty’s Subjects in the Enjoyment of the Blessings of Peace, and which have enabled His Majesty to enter into an Agreement with the Most Christian King for mutually disarming, and placing the Naval Establishments of the Two Countries on the same Footing as in the Beginning of the present Year:

To express our Thanks for the Communication of the several Treaties and Declarations which have been ordered by His Majesty to be laid before this House: That we shall fee with Pleasure any Arrangement properly calculated to prevent Jealousies and Disputes between His Majesty’s Subjects and those *of the Most Christian King in East Indies , and that we shall proceed, without Loss of Time, to consider what Steps it may be fit to take in Consequence of the other Engagements entered into by His Majesty:

To assure His Majesty of our Readiness to make such Provision as may be necessary for defraying the extraordinary Expences which have been incurred by

Resolution for Address on King's Sptech,

Committee appointed to draw at up.

Speech referred.

Old Sarum Writ.

Brecon Writ.

28 Geo. III. 270 — 28°

5

H is Majesty, and for carrying on the several Branches of the current Service:

That we shall make it the Object of our immediate Attention to consider what Measures it may be expedient to adopt for maintaining His Majesty’s distant Possessions in an adequate Posture of Defence:

To assure His Majesty of our unremitting Ash-duity in the Pursuit of Measures which may tend to confirm and improve the favourable Situation of Affairs:

That the flourishing State of the Commerce and Revenue of the Country must make us concur with more peculiar Earnestness in His Majesty’s paternal Wishes for the Maintenance of the Public Tranquillity:

That on this Account, while we fee with Concern the War which has unhappily broken out between Russia and ‘The Porte,we have great Satisfaction in learning that His Majesty continues to receive, from all Foreign Powers, the fulleft Assurances of their pacific Disposition towards this Country i

That, at the same Time, we are thoroughly fenfi-ble that nothing can more effectually tend to secure the invaluable Biddings of Peace, than the Zeal and Unanimity which was shewn by all Ranks of His Majesty’s Subjects on the late Occasion, and which manifest their Readiness to exert themselves whenever the Honour of His Majesty’s Crown, and the Interests of His Dominions, may require it.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an Address, to be presented to His Majesty, upon the said Resolution.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Ryder, Mr. Brooke, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Iienry Dundas, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Secretary at War, Mr. Attorney General, the Earl of Morning!on, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Roje, Mr. Wilberforce, Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Mr. Steele, Mr. Solicitor General, Sir George Howard, Mr. Addington, S\r John Sinclair, Mr.; or any

Five of them: And they are to withdraw immediately into the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Old Sarum, in the County of Wilts, in the room of George Esquire,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of His Majesty’s Justice of the Counties of Glamorgan, Brecon, and Radnor, within the Principality of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Brecon, in the County of Brecon, in the room of Sir Charles Gould, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and bam, in the County of Buckingham.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 28° dNovembris;

Annb 28° Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

fjRDERED, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Gram? Committees appointed.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges be ap- Committee of pointed. Privilrres ap-

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, the P0,ntei1' Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Attorney General, Mr.

Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Charles Gould, Mr. Mr.

Pelham, the Master of 4m Rolls, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Fox, Mr. Townshend, Mr. Burke, Mr. Ord, Mr. Ellis, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Mr.

Buncombe, the Lord North, Mr. Mr.

Popham, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Alderman Wilkes, Mr.

Frederick Montagu, General Burgoyne, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Martin, Mr. Adam, Mr. Toung, Mr. %iet-caife, Mr. Blackburne, Sir William; and

all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet upon Monday Sevennight, at Seven of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and to fit every Wednesday, Friday, and day, in the Afternoon} and all who come are to have Voices; and they are to take into Consideration all fitch Matters as shall or may come in Question, touching Privileges; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House, from Time to Time; and the Committee are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their -Information; and, if any Thing shall come in Question touching the Matter of Privilege of any Member, lie is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate.

Ordered, That all Persons, who^wiil question any Other «f«al Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, do quel- Outers made, tien the same within Fourteen Days next, and so within Fourteen Days next after any new Return shall be brought in; and that all Members, who are returned for Two or more Places, do make their Election by this Day Three Weeks for which of the Places they will serve, provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place; and, if [any Thing shall ' come in Question touching the Return or F.ledion of any Member, he is to withdraw during the Time the Matter is in Debate; and that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw till their Returns are determined.

Resolved, That no Peer of this Realm hath any Right to give his Vote in the Election of any Member to serve in Parliament.

Resolved, That where this House shall judge any Petition touching Elections to be frivolous and vexatious, the House will order Satisfaction to be made to the Person petitioned against. [

Vol. XLIII.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear than any Person

C hath

V

6 i8° NoVembris. 1787.

hath procured himself to be elected or returned a Member of this House, or endeavoured so to be, by Bribery or any other corrupt Practices, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Person.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath been tampering with any Witness, in respect of his Evidence to be given to this House, or any Committee thereof, or directly or indirectly hath endeavoured to deter or hinder any Person from appearing, or giving Evidence, the same is declared to be a High Crime and Misdemeanor; and this House toill proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That, if it shall appear that any Person hath given false Evidence, in any Case, before this House, or any Committee thereof, this House will proceed with the utmost Severity against such Offender.

Resolved, That it is a high Infringement of the Liberties and Privileges of the Commons of Great Britain, for any Lord of Parliament, or any Lord Lieutenant of any County, to concern theml'elves in the Elections of Members to serve for the Commons in Parliament.

Resolved, That, in all Cafes of Controverted Elections for Counties in England and the Petitioners do, by themselves or by their Agents, within a convenient Time, to be appointed by the House, deliver to the Sitting Members, or their Agents, Lifts of the Persons intended by the Petitioners to be objected to, who voted for the Sitting Members; giving, in the said Lifts, the several Heads of Objection, and distinguishing the same against the Names of the Voters excepted to; and that the Sitting Members do, by themselves, or by their Agents, within the same Time, deliver the like Lifts, on their Part, to the Petitioners, or their Agents.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do, from Time to Time, take into his Custody any Stranger or Strangers, that he shall see, or be informed of to be, in the House, or Gallery, while the House, or any Committee of the whole House, is fitting j and that no Person, so taken into Custody, be dil'charged out of Custody without the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That the Back Door of the Speaker’s Chamber be locked up every Morning at the Sitting of the House, and the Key delivered to the Clerk, to _be locked up by him } and that he do not presume to deliver the same to any Person whatsoever without Order of the House; and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care to clear the Speaker’s Chamber every Day before the Door is locked up.

Ordered, That no Member of this House do presume to bring any Stranger, or Strangers, into the House, or Gallery thereof, while the House is fitting.

House j and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Notice of this Order to the Officers I aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Constables in Waiting do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Weflmbifter Hall, or the Passages leading to the House, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be ho Annoyance by Chairmen, Footmen, or otherwise, therein or thereabouts.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the High Bailiff of Westminsterand that he do fee the same put

in Execution.

Ordered, That no Footman be permitted to be with* in the Lobby of the House, or upon the Stairs leading thereto.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care that there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in the Room appointed for the Footmen attending the Members of this House to wait in.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody such Footmen as shall presume to disobey the Orders of the House; and that no such Footmen be discharged out of Custody but by the special Order of the House.

Ordered, That, to prevent the intercepting or losing of Letters directed to Members of this House, the Person appointed to bring Letters from the General Post Office to this House, or some other Person, to be appointed by the Post Master General, do for the future, every Day during the Session of Parliament, Sundays excepted, constantly> attend from Ten of the Clock in the Morning till One in the Afternoon, and for Two Hours at the lead immediately after the Rising of the House, and also from Five of the Clock in the Afternoon till Seven, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take Care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members to whom they shall be directed, or to their known Servant or Servants, or others, bringing Notes under the Hands of the Members fending for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Officer do, upon his going away, lock up such Letters as shall remain undelivered; and that no Letter be delivered but within the Hours aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Orders be sent to the Post Master General.

Ordered, That when any Letter or Packet, directed to this House, shall come to Mr. Speaker, he do open the same; and acquaint the House, at their next Sitting, with the Contents thereof, if proper to be communicated to this House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do, from Time to Time, when the House is going to Prayers, give Notice thereof to all Committees; and that all Proceedings of Committees in a Morning, afeer such Notice, be declared to be null and void.

Ordered, That the Constables, and other Officers, Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed, of Middlesex and Westminster, do take Care, that, from being first perused by Mr. Speaker; and that he do Eleven of the Clock in the Morning till One in the appoint the Printing thereof; and that no Person, but Afternoon, and from Four till Six in the Afternoon, such as he shall appoint, do presume to print the during the Session of Parliament, the Passages through fame, the Streets between Temple Bar and Westminster Hall

shall be kept free and open; and that no Obstructions Resolved, That this Floufe will receive no Pcti- Time limited be made, by Cars, Drays, Carts, or otherwise, to hin- tiens for Private Bills after the 8th Day of February der the Passage of the Member's to and from this next.

§ A Petition

White Sheet Hill Road Petition.

Tunbridge Wells Road Petition,

a8 Geo. III.

8° Novemb

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of , was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from the Bottom of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Saint

drew, in the County of Wilts, through the Parishes of

Donhead Saint Andrew aforesaid,

Sutton Man Seville, Fovant, Compton Chamber laine, -

verjlock, and Barf or d, to the Turnpike Road at or near Barford aforesaid, on the Road leading to the Town of Wilton, in the said County of , is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be fcffeftually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that, in order to render the said Road sufficiently wide and commodious, it may be necessary to lay into the same Part of certain Orchards and Gardens, in the Parishes of Fovant and Sutton Mandeville, in the Occupation of Nathaniel Rowden, John Goodfellcw, Richard G William Ann White, John Smithy and Samuel And there-

fore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Road, and for keeping the same in Repair, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- > pers, and Records.

Mr. Ryder reported from the Committee, appointed Addrefsre-Yesterday to draw up an Address to be presented to His Majesty, That the Committee had drawn up an Address accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place, and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons of Great Britain, in Parliament assembled, beg Leave to return Your Majesty our humble Thanks for Your moll Gracious Speech from the Throne.

Your faithful Commons acknowledge, with Gratitude, Your Majesty's Regard for the Welfare and Interests of Your People, manifested by Your Attention to the Disputes which unhappily subsisted in the Republic of the United Provinces, and by Your Endeavours to promote the Restoration of their internal Tranquillity, and the Maintenance of their lawful Government.

We are sensible that the Danger which lately

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the threatened the Constitution and Independence of the

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Penruddocke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-

ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; fairs of the Republic

United Provinces was likely, in its Consequences, to affect the Security and In retells of Your Majesty’s Dominions; and we’particularly applaud Your Majesty’s just Determination to counteract all forcible Interference, on t. e Part of France, in the internal Af-

and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, Records.

and

A Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Croft. Ways near Maresfeld , in the County of

We feel, in the strongest Manner, the Propriety and Neceftity of the Declaration made by Your Majesty, in Conformity to those Principles, when the Intention of the Moll: Christian King was notified to Your Majesty, as well as of the seasonable and vigorous Steps taken for the immediate Augmentation of Your Majesty’s Forces both by Sea and Land.

The rapid and brilliant Success of the Prujfan Arms, under the Conduct of his Serene Highness the

Sussex, was presented to the House, and-read; Setting Duke of r, affords us Matter, of peculiar Sa-

forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due, and which, together with the Tolls authorized to be collected by virtue of the said Act, hath been applied in repairing the said Road, and great Progress hath been made therein; and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and iome further and other Powers given for those Purposes; And alledging, That the Road leading from Florence , near Groom bridge Street, in the Parish of Withy ham, through Hartfield, to Forefi in the Parish of

Grinstead, in the County of is in a ruinous Condition, narrow, and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for making, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said 1 aft-mentioned Road, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. Pen-ruddccke, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

tisfaction, both as it was the Means of obtaining the Reparation demanded by the King o and as it

has enabled the Provinces to deliver themselves from the Oppression under which they laboured, and to re-establish their lawful Government.

We cordially congratulate Your Majesty on the important Events which have taken Place without disturbing Your Majesty’s Subjects in the Enjoyment of the Blessings of Peace, and which have enabled Your Majesty to enter into an Agreement with the Most Christian King for mutually disarming, and placing the Naval Establishments of the Two Countries on the same Footing as in the Beginning of the present Year.

We are sensible of Your Majesty’s Gbodness in the Communication of the several Treaties and Declarations which Your Majesty has ordered to be laid before this House. We shall fee with Pleasure any Arrangement properly calculated to prevent Jealousies and Disputes between Your Majesty’s Subjects, and those of the Most Christian King, in the East; and we shall proceed, without Loss of Time, to consider what Steps it may be fit to take in Consequence of the other Engagements entered into by Your Majesty.

Your Majesty may be allured of our Readiness to make such Provision as may be necessary for defraying the extraordinary Expences which have been incurred by Your Majesty, and for carrying on the several Branches of the current Service.

We shall make it the Object of our immediate Attention to consider what Measures it may be expedient

8 28° — 290 Novembris. A. 1787.

dient to adopt for maintaining Your Majesty’s distant Possessions in an adequate Posture of Defence; and we shall proceed, with unremitting Assiduity, in the Purfuic of Measures which may tend to confirm and improve the favourable Situation of Affairs.

The flourishing State of the Commerce and Revenue of the Country muff make us concur, with more peculiar Earnestness, in Your Majesty’s Paternal-Wilhes for the Maintenance of the Public Tranquillity. On this Account, while we fee, with Concern, the War which has unhappily broken out between Russia and The Porte, we have great Satisfaction in learning that Your Majesty continues to receive, from all Foreign Powers, the fulleft Assurances of their pacific Disposition towards this Country.

We are thoroughly sensible that nothing can more effectually tend to secure the invaluable Blessings of Peace, than the Zeal and Unanimity which was shewn by all Ranks of Your Majesty’s Subjects on the late Occasion, and which manifest their Readiness to exert themselves whenever the Honour of Your Majesty’s Crown, and the Interests of Your Dominions, may require it.

The said Address being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address to be presented to His Majesty.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of H is Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know His Majesty’s Pleasure, when He will be attended by this House.

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Nicholas Olive being examined, said, That there is now due upon the Credit of the said Act the Sum of jf. 800: And

The Reverend SackvilleBale being examined, said, That the said Debt cannot be paid oft', and the said Road effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further Powers given to the said Trustees; and thac some of the Tolls granted by the said Act are frequently evaded, by Persons passing along a certain Lane, of about 200 Yards in Length, leading from a Place called Slut's Green, in the Parish of lb it by ham, to the Road leading towards , in the County of Sussex,which might be prevented, if the said Lane was {topped* up and difeonrinued; and thac the (topping up the said Lane would be of no material Consequence to any Person.

And the Witness being further examined, said, That the Road leading from Florence Farm, near Groan bridge, in the said Parish of IVitby ham, through to

Forest Row, in the Parish of East in the County of Sussex, is in a ruinous Condition, and in many Parts narrow and incommodious for Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and rendered safe and commodious, without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex-, and for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of Withy ham, to Forest Row, in the Parish of East GrinJIead, in the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. , Mr. llenry

Pelham, and Mr. Penruddockc, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. *

The King appoints to be attended by the iioule.

Tunbridge Weils Road Petition reported*

Jovis, 2 90 die Novembris;

Anno 28° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1787. Prayers.

MR» Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That His Majesty, having been waited upon (pursuant to the Order of Yesterday) humbly to know His Majesty’s Pleasure when He would be pleased to be attended by this House; had been pleased to appoint to be attended this Day, soon after Three of the Clock, at His Palace of James.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee to whom the Petition of several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells,in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was rcadj and is as fulloweth; viz. 4

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of a Convention between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at the 31st of

August, 1787; and Translation: And also.

Copy of a Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of llejfe Cajfel, signed at Cassel, the -28th of September 1787; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Declaration, ligned at Verjailles, the 27 th of October 1787, by the Duke of Vorjet and Mr.; and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Counter-Declaration, signed at Verjailles, the 27th of October 1787, by the Count de Montmorin and Translation: And also,

Copy of the Joint-Declaration, signed at,

the 27th of October 1787, by the Duke of,

Mr. Eden, and the Count de Montmorin; and Translation: .

Together with a List of the said Papers.'

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copies are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translations are as followeth;

TRANSLATION of the Convention between His Majesty and the Most Christian King, signed at Verjailles, the 31st August 1787.

Difficulties having arisen in the East Indies, relative to the Meaning and Extent of the Thirteenth Article of the Treaty of Peace, signed at Verjailles, the Third of September, One thousand Seven hundred and

Eighty-

Convention with Fiance-Treaty with He lie Cartel — and Declarations with France, pr«-fented.

18 Geo. III. Novembris 9

Eighty-three, His Britannick Majesty, and His Most Christian Majesty, with a View to remove every Cause of Dispute between their respective Subjects in that Part of the World, have thought proper to make a particular Convention, which may lerve as an Explanation of the Thirteenth Article above-mentionfed: In this View their said Majesties have named, for their respective Plenipotentiaries, to wit, on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, William , Esquire, Privy Councillor in Great Britain and , Member of the British Parliament, and His Envoy Extraordinary

and Minister Plenipotentiary to His Moll Christian Majesty; and on the Part of His Most Christian Majesty, the Sieur Armand Mark Count de Montmorin de St. Herem, Marshal of His Camps and Forces, Coun-

cillor in all His Councils, Knight of His Orders, and of the Golden Fleece, Minister and Secretary of State, and of His Commands and Finances, having the Department of Foreign Affairs; who, after having communicated to each other their respective full Powers, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article I.

His Britannick Majesty again engages, to take *' such Measures, as shall be in His Power, for fc-" curing to the Subjects of France, a safe, free, and *' independent Trade, such as was carried on by the *' French East India Company," and as is explained

in the following Articles, whether they exercise it Individually, or as a Company," as well in the Na-bobship of Arcot, and the Countries of Madura and *Tanjore, as in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orixa, the Northern Circars, and, in general, in all the British Possessions on the Coasts of Orixa, and Malabar.

Article II.

In order to prevent all Abuses and Disputes, relative to the Importation of Salt, it is agreed, That the French shall not import Annually, into Bengal, more than Two Hundred Thousand Maunds of Salt; The said Salt shall be delivered at a Place of Deposit appointed for that Purpose by the Government of Bengal, and to Officers of the said Government, at the fixed Price of One Hundred and Twenty Rupees for every Hundred Maunds.

Article III.

There shall be delivered Annually for the French Commerce, upon the Demand of the French Agent in Bengal, Eighteen thousand Maunds of Salt Petrc, and Three hundred Chests of Opium, at the Price established before the late War.

Article IV.

The Six ancient Factories, namely, Chandernagore, Cojfimbuxar, Dacca, Jugdea, Balajore, and Patna, with the Territories belonging to the said Factories, shall be under the Protection of the French Flag, and fub-ject to the French Jurisdiction.

Article V.

France shall also have Possession of the ancient Houses of Soopore, Keerpoy, Mohunpore, Se-

rampore, and Chittagong, as well as the Dependencies on Soopore, viz. Gautjurat, Allende, Chintzabad, Pa-torcha, Monepore, and Dolobody: And shall further have the Faculty of establishing new Houses of Commerce; but none of the said Houses shall have any Jurisdiction, or any Exemption from the ordinary Justice of the Country exercised over British Subjects.

Article VI.

His Britannick Majesty engages to take Measures to secure to French Subjects, without the Limits of the ancient Factories above-mentioned, an exact and impartial Administration of Justice in all Matters concerning their Persons or Properties, or the carrying on Vol. XLIII.

their Trade, in the same Manner, and as effectually, as to His own Subjects.

Article VII.

All Europeans, as well as Natives, against whom jus dicial Proceedings shall be institUted, within the Limits of the ancient Factories above-mentioned, for Offences committed, or Debts contracted, within the said Limits, and who shall take Refuge out of the fame, shall be delivered up to the Chiefs of the said Factories: And all Eicrcpeans, or others whosoever, against whom judicial Proceedings shall be jnstituted without the said Limits, and who shall take Refuge within the same, shall be delivered up by the Chiefs of the said Factories, upon Demand being made of them by the Government of the Country.

Article VIII.

All the Subjects of either Nation respectively, who shall take Refuge within the Factories of the other, shall be delivered up on each Side, upon Demand being made of them.

Article IX.

The Factory of Tanam, with its Dependencies, having, in pursuance of the said Treaty of Peace, been delivered up by Mr. William Hamilton, on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, to Mr. Peter Paul Martin, on the Part of His Most Christian Majesty, the Restitution thereof is confirmed by the present Convention, in the Terms of the Instrument bearing Date the Seventh of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, and signed by Messieurs Hamilton and Martin.

Article X.

The present Convention shall be ratified and confirmed in the Space of Three Months, or sooner, if it can be done, after the Exchange of Signatures between the Plenipotentiaries.

In Witness whereof. We, Ministers Plenipotentiary have signed the present Convention, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be affixed thereto.

Done at Versailles, the Thirty-first of August, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven.

Wm Eden. (L. S.) Le C'* de Montmorin. (L. S.)

t

TRANSLATION of the Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hejfe , signed at CaJJel, the z8th of September 1787.

Be it known to those whom it may concern. That His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and His Most Serene Highness the Landgrave of Hejfe CaJJel, in Consideration of the strong Ties by which the Interests of their respective Houses are united, and having judged that, in the present Situation of Affairs, it would contribute to the mutual Advantage of Britain and of the HeJJianDominions, tQ cement and confirm, by a new Treaty of Alliance, the Connection which fubiifts between them; His Britannick Majesty, in order to settle the Objects relative to such Alliance, has thought proper to send to CaJJel Sir William Fawcett, Knight of the Bath, Lieutenant General and Adjutant General of His Forces, His Minister Plenipotentiary; and His Most Serene Highness has appointed on His Parr, for the like Purpose, Baron Martin ErneJl de SchlieJJen, His Minister of State, Lieutenant General, and Knight of His Orders, and Baron Frederick de M, His Minister of State, and Knight of the Great Order of Hejfe: These Ministers, being provided with the necessary full Powers, have agreed to take, for the Bafts of the present Treaty, the Treaties formerly concluded between Great Britain and Hejfeto adopt such Parts of

D them

to 290 NoVembris. A. 1787.

them as shall be applicable to the present Circumstances, or to adjust, by new Articles, those Points which are necessary. in a different Manner. Every thing which shall not be otherwise determined, shall be deemed to sublist in full Force, as is" declared in the aforesaid Treaties: And, as it is impossible to specify each particular Cafe, every thing which shall not appear to have been clearly determined, either in the present or in former Treaties, must be settled with Equity and good Faith, upon the same Principles as were agreed to be adopted on each Side, for deciding upon such Matters, whether during or subsequent to the last War.

Article I.

There shall therefore be, by virtue of this Treaty, between His Majesty the King of Great , and

id is Most Serene Highness the Landgrave of Cajfel, their Heirs and Successors, a ftrid Friendship, and a sincere, firm, and steady Union, so that the one shall consider the Interests of the other as his own, and shall exert himself with good Faith to promote them as far as possible, anti mutually to prevent and remove all Trouble and Injury.

Article II.

To which End it is agreed, that all the preceding Treaties, particularly of Guarantee, shall be deemed to be renewed and confirmed by the present Treaty, in all their Points, Articles, and Clauses, and shall be of the same Force as if they were herein inserted Word for Word, as far as they are not derogatory to the present Treaty.

Article III.

His Majesty the King of Great Britain having desired to secure, for His Service in Europe, a Body of the Most Serene Landgrave’s Troops, in case the Welfare of His Kingdoms and Dominions should require such Succour j and His Most Serene Highness having the strongest Attachment to His Majesty, and being lincerely desirous to give Him every real Proof of it, engages, by virtue of this Article, to hold in Readiness for that Purpose, during the Space of Four successive Years, to be computed from the Day of the Signature of the present Treaty, a Body of Twelve thousand Men, composed of Infantry and Cavalry, or Chasseurs, Officers included, of which Eight thousand Men shall form the First Division, and Four thousand the Second; His Most Serene Highness reserves the Liberty of putting himself at the Head of this Corps , but declares, at the same Time, that if these Troops should join a more numerous Body of any other Power, He shall consider himself, on such an Event, purely in a Military Light, and, far from making any Difficulty to serve under a Senior General of establish-cd Reputation, He would with Pleasure embrace so favourable an Opportunity of gaining further Knowledge, under such Auspices, in a Profession to which he is very warmly attached.

The First Division, consisting of Eight thousand Men, shall be entirely composed of Infantry, with its Field Pieces, and Two Companies of Foot Chasseurs; but His Most Serene Highness may join to them, if he thinks fit, over and above the Eight thousand Men, such a Number of His Cavalry, not exceeding at most One thousand, as may be fit for immediate Servicd. This Corps of Twelve thousand Men shall be compleatly equipped, and provided with Tents and all necessary Camp Equipage. In a Word, it shall be put upon the best Footing possible; and none shall be admitted into it but Men fit for actual Service, and acknowledged to be such by His Majesty's

Commiflary.

The First Division shall be ready to march and pass in Review at the End of Four Weeks after thtj

Requisition for its March shall have been made, or even sooner, if possible and the Second Division in Six Weeks, if practicable.

This Body of Troops shall not be separated, unless the Operations of War should require it, but they shall remain under the Direction of the Hejfian Chief, subject nevertheless to the superior Orders of the General to whom His Majesty shall think fit to confide the supreme Command of the whole Army; and the Second Division shall serve only in those Places where the First may be Rationed, provided the Plan of Operations will admit of it.

Article IV.

Each Battalion of Infantry belonging to this Body of Troops shall be provided with Two Field Pieces, together with' the Complement of Officers, Gunners, and other necessary Attirail attached thereto.

Article V.

In order to defray the Expence which shall be incurred by the Most Serene Landgrave, in raising the said Body of Twelve thousand Men, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to pay to His Most Serene Highness, for each Trooper or Dragoon, compleatly armed, mounted, and equipped, 80 Banco Crowns, and for each Foot Soldier 30 Banco Crowns, within Fifteen Days after the Requisition for the March of that Division shall have been made. As to the Levy Money for the Second Division, One Moiety thereof shall be paid upon making the Requisition for marching, and the other Moiety on the Day of marching. The Levy Money shall be paid for the same Description of Persons that were allowed in former Treaties.

Article VI.

Besides what is stipulated in the preceding A/ticle, His Majesty the King of Great Britain engages to pay to the Most Serene Landgrave, during the Four Years this Treaty is to continue, an Annual Subsidy, in the Manner and Proportion following; (that is to say) This Subsidy shall commence from the Day of the Signature of this Treaty, and be continued from that Day to the Time when the Requisition for putting the Corps in Readiness to march shall be made, at the Rate of One hundred and Fifty thousand Banco Crowns per num, the Crown to be computed at Fifty-three Dutch Pence, or Four Shillings and Nine Pence Three Farthings English Money: From the Time of making the said Requisition, to the Day when the whole Corps, as well Cavalry as Infantry, shall be in the Pay of the Crown of Great Britain, the Subsidy shall be augmented, and paid at the Rate of Four hundred and Fifty thousand Banco Crowns; and, during the whole Time that the said Corps shall be actually in His Majesty’s Pay, the most Serene Landgrave shall receive an Annual Subsidy of Two hundred and Twenty-five thousand Banco Crowns. "When the said Troops shall be sent back by His Majesty, the Subsidy shall be again augmented, and continued at the Rate of Four hundred and Fifty thousand Banco Crowns per Annum, from the Day of their Return into the Dominions of His Serene Highness, to the Expiration of the Treaty, being according to the same Proportion and Rule as were fixed by the 6th. Article of the Treaty of 1755, for a Body of Eight: thousand Men: And the Payment of these respective Subsidies shall be made regularly by the Quarter, without Deduction, into the Military Chest of the Serene Landgrave, appointed for such Receipt, in the City of Cajfel.And in same both Parties hereafter agree. That this Body of Troops should exceed the Number of Twelve thousand, the Subsidy shall be augmented in Proportion, unless otherwise settled. His Majesty will also continue to this Corps the Pay

<2.8 Geo. III.

2 p° Novembris. \

and other Emoluments for the Residue of the Month in which they shall repass the Frontiers of Hejfe, and actually arrive within the Dominions of His Serene Highness, namely, in HeJJe properly so called.

Article VII.

With respect to the Pay and Subsistence, as well ordinary as extraordinary, of the said Troops, whilst they shall actually be in the Pay of Great Britain, it is agreed, That, so long as they serve in the Empire of Germany, they shall enjoy the same Advantages and Emoluments as His Majesty allows to His German Troops, according to the effective Establishment on which the said Body of Troops is delivered; which shall be verified by a State signed by the respective Ministers of the high-contradling Parties, which said State shall have the same Force as if it were inferred Word for Word in the present Treaty: During the Time they may be employed in the Low Countries, they shall be treated upon the Footing of the Butch Troops: Provided that, in both Cafes, that is to say, whether serving in Germany, or in the Low Countries, their Pay shall not be inferior to that which was allowed in former Wars. And if they Should be required to serve in Great Britain or Ireland, Notice thereof shall be given to the Most Serene Landgrave, when they shall not only be put upon the same Footing, in all Respects, with the tijhNational Troops; but His Moll Serene High-refs hopes further, that, in same any Troops

should be sent to the Continent, and serve with the HrJJians, His Majesty will be pleased to agree, that the latter may be then treated as the former with regard to Pay, as well as other Matters, the more so as His Most Serene Highness, to prove to His Majesty his earned: Desire to serve him, has consented to receive a more moderate Subsidy than was paid bn all former Occasions of this Nature since the Year 1726. These Allowances, if granted, shall be paid into the Military Chest of His Most Serene Highness, without any Deduction or Abatement, in order that the Distribution thereof may be made to His Troops.

Article VIII.

In same any of the Regiments or Companies of the aforesaid Corps should, by any unfortunate Accident, be ruined or destroyed, in the Whole or in Part; or that any Pieces of Artillery, or other Effects belonging thereto, should be taken by the Enemy, His Majesty the King of Great Britain will defray the Expence of recruiting and re-mounting the fame, as well aS make good the Value of the said Field Pieces and Effe£ls,in order that they may be again compleated and rendered fit for Service. The Recruits raised on this Occasion shall be regulated upon the Footing of those which were furnished to the Hejfian Officers, in virtue of the Treaty of 1702, Article Vth, to the End that the whole Corps may always be kept up, and sent back in the same compleat State in which it was originally furnished. The Recruits Annually required shall be delivered to the English Commissary, disciplined and compleatly equipped, at such Time and Place as His Majesty shall appoint.

Article IX.

It will depend on His Br Majesty to retain this Body of Troops in His Service the whole Time of the Continuance of this Treaty, in order to employ them wherever he may think proper (provided it be not on Board His Fleet, of beyond Sea) excepting for the Defence of the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, in which same these Troops shall enjoy in all Respects, and without any Difference whatever, the same Pay and Emoluments as are granted to the English Troops. And when His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall be pleased to lend back the said Troops, He shall give Three Months §

previous Notice thereof to His Most Serene Highness; and cause One Month’s Pay to be remitted to Him for their Return, providing them with the necessary Means of Transport Gratis.

Article X.

In case the Most Serene Landgrave Should be attacked or disturbed in the Possession of His Dominions, His Britannick Majesty promises and engages to fend back to him, if required, the said Body of Troops, allowing them not only One Month’s Pay, but also furnishing them Gratis with the Means of Transport necessary for their Conveyance. As like-' wife to give to His Most Serene Highness all such Succour in Troops as the^ Exigency of the same may require; which Assistance shall be continued to him till he shall have obtained fully Security and due Satisfaction. And the Most Serene Landgrave on His Part also promises, that in case His Majesty the King of Great Britain shall be attacked or disturbed in His Kingdoms, Dominions, Countries, Provinces, or Towns, he will afford Him, in like Manner, all the Aid which may be in his Power to give Him, which shall be in like Manner continued until His Majesty shall have obtained a good and advantageous Peace., If it should happen that, in Consequence of the present Troubles, a War should be kindled in Germany, and become general, His Britannick Majesty promises, as far as possible, to provide for the Security of the Dominions and Possessions of His Most Serene Highness, and to direct the Military Operations of His Armies, as far as Circumstances may permit, in such a Manner as to cover and sparc the Territories of His Most Serene Highness as far as may be. If however, notwithstanding the Precautions which may be taken for this EffcCl, the Territories of His Most Serene Highness Should suffer an Invasion from the Enemy on Account of this Alliance, and of the present Treaty, His Britannick Majesty will endeavour to procure for the said Landgrave an Indemnification proportionable to the Loss that may be occasioned thereby, according as has been heretofore done on similar Occasions.

Article XI.

In order to render this Alliance and Union still more perfect, and that no Doubts may be entertained by the Parties concerned of the Certainty of these Succours, which they have to hope for by virtue of this Treaty, it is expressly agreed, that, for the better judging hereafter of the Extent and Meaning of this Alliance, and of the Succours therein stipulated, it shall be deemed sufficient that either of the Parties be actually attacked by Force of Arms, without such Parties having previously employed open Force against the Assailant.

Article XII.

The Sick belonging to this Corps of Ilejftan Troops shall remain under the Care of their Physicians, Surgeons, and other Persons appointed for that Purpose, subject to the Orders of the General commanding the Corps of that Nation, and they shall have the same Allowances as His Majesty grants to His own Troops.

Article XIII.

All Hejfian Deserters shall be faithfully delivered up, wherever they may be found, in the Plaees dependant on His Britannick Majesty; and all possible Care shall be taken that no Person whatever, belonging to this Corps of Troops, shall be permitted to establish or settle himselfin His Majesty’s Dominions, without the Consent of his Sovereign.

Article XIV.

The railing of Recruits in Germany having of late become much more expensive than formerly, on Account of the numerous Armies kept on Foot, and

feme

n 290 — 306 Noz'embris. A. 1787.

some Difficulties having arisen relative to the vacant Pay, which is to be regarded as the principal Fund for defraying the Expence of Recruiting, it is agreed, That at the Spring Review made before the Opening of a Campaign, by His Britain Majesty’s Commis-fary, the Corps shall either be compleat, or the Pay for those wanting be stopt; on the other Hand, the Pay for those who may be wanting to compleat, during the Interval between one Spring Review and another, shall not be stopt, but is to be advanced, without Deduction, for the full Establishment of the Corps j and, instead of the Sum formerly allowed for each Recruit, to replace One Killed, or Three Wounded, it is agreed, that, in lieu thereof. Twelve Banco Crowns per Head shall be allowed for every Recruit, without Distinction, that shall be raised to supply their Places; but it is at the same Time to be understood, that this Stipulation extends only to the particular Objett here in question.

Article XV.

This Treaty shall be ratified by the high contrafting Parties, and the Ratifications thereof shall be exchanged as soon as possible.

In Witness whereof. We the undersigned, being furnished with full Powers from His Majesty the King of Great Britain on the one Part, and from His Moil Serene Highness the Reigning Landgrave of Hejfe Cajfel on the other Part, have signed the prpfent Treaty, and have caused the Seals of our Arms to be set thereto.

Done at Cajfel', the Twenty-eighth of September 1787.

(L. S.) W* Fawcett.

(L. S.) Martin Ernejl de Scklieffen.

CL- S.) Frederick Baron de

TRANSLATION of the Declaration signed at Versailles the 27th October 1787, by the Duke of Dorjel and Mr. Eden.

DECLARATION.

The Events which have taken Place in the Republic of the United Provinces, appearing no longer to leave any Subject of Discussion, and (till less of Contest, between the Two Courts, the undersigned are authorized to a(k, Whether it is the Intention of His Mod Christian Majesty to carry into Effeifl the Notification, made on the 16th of September last, by His Mod Christian Majesty’s Minister Plenipotentiary, which, by announcing that Succours would be given in Holland\has occasioned the Naval Armaments on the Part of His Majesty; which Armaments have become reciprocal ?

If the Court of Versailles is disposed to explain itself on this Subject, and upon the Conduct to be adopted towards the Republic, in a Manner conformable to the Desire which has been expressed on both Sides, to preserve the good Understanding between the Two Courts; and it being also understood, at the same Time, that there is no View of Hostility towards any Quarter, in consequence of what has paised, His Majesty, always anxious to concur in the friendly Sentiments of His Mod Christian Majesty, would agree with him, that the Armaments, and in general all Warlike Preparations, Should be discontinued on each Side, and that the Navies of the Two Nations Should be again placed upon the Footing of the Peace Establishment, as it stood on the First of January of the present Year.

Versailles, the 27 th of October 1787.

Dorjel,

Wm

TRANSLATION of the Counter-Declaration, signed at Versailles the 27th 1787,

by the Count de Montm

COUNTER-DECLARATION.

The Intention of His Majesty not being, and nevef having been, to interfere by Force in the Affairs of the Republic of the United Provinces, the Commu^ nication made to the Court of , on the 16th of the last Month, by Monsieur , having had

no other Object than to announce to that Court an Intention, the Motives of which no longer exist, especially since the King of Prussia has imparted his Resolution, His Majesty makes no Difficulty to declare, That he will not give any Effect to the Declaration above-mentioned; and that he retains no hostile View towards any Quarter, relative to what has passed in Holland. — His Majesty therefore, being desirous to concur with the Sentiments of His Britannick Majesty, for the Preservation of the good Harmony between the Two Courts, agrees with Pleasure with His Britannick Majesty, that the Armaments, and in general all Warlike Preparations, shall be discontinued on each Side; and that the Navies of the Two Nations shall be again placed upon the Footing of the Peace Establiffiment, as it stood on the First of January of the present Year.

Versailles, the 27th October 1787.

Le Comte de

TRANSLATION of the Joint-Declaration,

signed at Versailles the 27th 1787, by the Duke of Dorset, Mr. Eden, and the Count de Montmorin.

JOINT-DECLARATION.

In consequence of the Declaration, and Counter-Declaration, exchanged this Day, the undersigned, in the Name of their respective Sovereigns, agree. That the Armaments, and in general all Warlike Preparations, shall be discontinued on each Side; and that the Navies of the Two Nations shall be again placed upon the Footing of the Peace Establishment, as it stood on the First of January of the present Year.

Versailles, 0Bober 27 th 1787.

Dorset, Le C" de Montmorin.

Wn Eden.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to take into Consideration His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech to both Houses of Parliament.

And the same was again read by Mr. Speaker.

And a Motion being made. That a Supply be granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 3©0 dieNovembris;

Anno 28° Georgii III‘U Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported to the House, That the House attended His Majesty Yesterday with their Address; to which His Majesty was pleased to give this most Gracious Answer:

Gentlemen,

Kind’s Speech confide i ed.

Motion fora Supply.

To be confi-deTed in a Committee*

King'sAnswer to Address*

Petition for regulating the Coal Trade at Newcaltle and Sunderland.

White Sheet Kill Road Petition reported*

Gentlemen,

I return you My hearty Thanks for this very loyal and dutiful Address. The Satisfaction you express irt the Measures which I have pursued, and in the important Events which have taken Place, afford Me peculiar Pleasure.

You may depend upon My invariable Attention to the Happiness and Prosperity of My Kingdoms.

A Petition of the Owners, and Part Owners of Ships, using the Coal Trade in the Port of Tyne, was presented to the fioufe, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An " Act to regulate the loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and divers use-' ful and salutary Regulations were tstablished for ascertaining the Turn or Rotation, and directing the Manner in which Ships Should be laden with Coals in the said Ports, which Act was to continue in Force for Seven Years; and that, by.an Act, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, reciting the said Act of the Sixth Year of His said Majesty, and that the same had proved useful to the Coal Trade, it was enacted,'that the said Act Should be continued from the Expiration thereof for the further Term of Seven Years; and that, by another Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of Hrs present Majesty’s Reign, reciting, that the said Act of the Sixth Year of His said Majesty, had been found highly beneficial to the Coal Trade of Newcastle and Sunderland, by excluding all undue Preference in the Loading of Coals at such Ports, whereby the Public in general, and the London Market in particular, were constantly and regularly supplied with Fuel on reasonable Terms, and that the Revival and Continuance of the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, would be of great public Utility, it was enaffed, that the said Act Should be revived and Continue in full Force and Effect until the 25th Day of March 1789, and from thence to the End of the

then next Session of Parliament; and that although under the Regulations established by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, the Coal Trade has greatly increased in the said Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, and the Shipping and Seamen employed therein have become more numerous than at any former Period, the Petitioners conceive such Regulations may be extended and rendered still more beneficial to the Public and the Trade, and that, as from the Short Duration of the said Act, it will be soon necessary to apply to Parliament for its further Continuance, it will be more expedient now to bring in a Bill for repealing the fame, and for subjecting the Loading of Ships with Coals in both the said , Ports to further and more extended Regulations: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, and for the better Regulation of the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Brandling, the Lord Mulgrave, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of was referred;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the acth of Vol.XLIII.

April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, tValter Whitaker, Esquire, being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from the Turnpike Road from the Bottom of White Sheet Hill, in the Parish of Donhead Saint Andrew, in the County of Wilts, through the several Parishes of Donhead Saint Andrew aforesaid, Anjly, Swallowclift, Sutton Mandezille,

Compton, Chamberlaine, Baverjlock, and Barford, to the

Turnpike Road at or near Barford aforesaid, on the Road leading to the Town of Wilton, in the County of Wilts; that the same is greatly out of Repair, and is in some Parts very narrow and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the present Methods provided by Law; and that in widening and making the same commodious, it will be necessary to lay into the said Road Part of certain Orchards and Gardens, in the Parishes of Fovant and Sutton Mandeville, in the Occupation of Nathaniel Rowden, John Goodfellow, Richard Qoodfdlow, William Ingram, Ann While, John Smith, and Samuel Snooke. '

And the Witness being further examined, said, That the repairing and widening the said Road will be a Means of increasing the Tolls upon several Turnpike Roads near and adjoining thereto; and that the Trustees and Creditors of those Roads are willing to advance Money, to be applied in widening and repairing the said Road, and keeping the same ih Repair — That, in order to prevent evading the Tolls, it wilt be necessary to erect a Gate at the Bottom of White. Sheet Hill,upon the Shaftesbury Turn-' pike Road, ih Consideration whereof if is proposed (out of the Tolls arising by the intended Act) to repair and keep in repair the Road from thence to the Top of White Sheet Hill, during such Time as it shall be found necessary to continue such Side Gate.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in H Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of White Sheet Hill, through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road at or neat* Barford, in the County of Wilts: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Charles Bragge, Lord of the Manor of Mangotsfield, in the County of and of,

the several Persons whose Names are thereunto sub-. feribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Proprietors of Land within the said Parish and Manor, claiming Right of Common on the Wastes thereof,; was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have, together with all fyCh Persons as the Petitioners believe have any Right or Interest in the said Wastes, entered into an Agreement* that all Right of Common on the said Wastes (except such Part thereof as is called Mangotsfield Common) Should, on such Agreement being carried into Execution, be extinguished, and that such Waftps (except as aforesaid) Should then be absolutely veftea in the Petitioner Charles Bragge, discharged of such Right of Common, and, that in Consideration thereof, a perpetual Relit Charge of £. 84, to be issuing out of the said Wastes, so agreed to be vested in the Petitioner Charles Bragge, Should be secured to be paid to the Overseers of the Poor of the said Parish for the Time being, for ever, for the Benefit and towards the Relief of such Poor, the said Relit Charge to commence Four Years from Lady-Day imme-

E diately

ManpoUfirlJ

WaftePetition.

jo* Novem.

1787.

*4

diately succeeding the Time of such Agreement be- public Passages are otherwise too narrow for public

ing catried into Execution; and that the Petitioners are advised such Agreement cannot be effectually carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for this Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

Tunbridge Wells Road Bill presented.

Convenience; and that certain Houses and other Buildings in the said Borough and Town are covered with Thatch, to the great Danger of Lofics by Fire to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town; and that it would be of great Benefit, Safety, and Convenience, to the Petitioners and the rest of the pursuant to the Prayer of the said PetitioiT: And that Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, and to the Lord Apjley and Mr. Addington do prepare, and all Persons resorting thereto, if the said Streets and bring in, the fame. public Passages and Places were properly paved,

cleansed, lighted, and watched, and if all Incroach- Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according ments, Obstructions, Nuisances, Disorders, and An-to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and vary- noyances therein, were removed, and Provision made ing the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His for preventing the like for the future, and if the said present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping Sheds, Penthouses, Bulks, Walls, projected Build-in Repair, the Road leading from 'Tunbridge Wells, in ings, Pallisadoes, Steps, and Rails, were taken down, the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield and the Scite or Ground whereon they stand, or such Street, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Part thereof as shall be necessary, were laid into the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish. of Witbybam, Highway and public Streets: And therefore praying, to Forest Row, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for bet-

Yoik Dtbtort Ptution.

County of Sussex: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in the Castle of York, was presented to the House,

Committee to consider of the Motion for Supply.

ter paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough and Town, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Incroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, Disorders, and Annoyances, and for preventing Houses and other and read; Complaining of their Distress, and praying Buildings from being covered with Thatch in the said Relief. Borough and Town, and for regulating the Range or

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Line of new Buildings on the Side that fronts the Table. said Streets and public Passages, and for the taking

down the said Sheds, Penthouses, Bulks, Walls, pro-The Order of the Day being read, for the House jested Buildings, Pallisadoes, Steps, and Rails afore -to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, said, and for laying the Scite and Ground thereof to consider of the Motion made Yesterday, That a into the said Streets and public Passages, and for Supply be granted to His Maje^y; widening the said Streets and other public Passages,

Ordered, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Speech with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to to both Houses of Parliament be referred to the said the House shall seem meet.

Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-phittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Leives, Sir Herbert Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nihe of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Swjnfea Paving Petition.

Expeiues incut ret! by the late Armament frcfenied.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Estimateani House, by His Majesty’s Command, Accounts of

An Estimate of the Expences incurred by the Aug-A Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants mentation and Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval of the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County Forces, since the 18th of September last: And also, of Glamorgan, ort Behalf of themselves, and the rest An Account of the Charges incurred by the late of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, Armament, so far as the same can be at present made was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, up at the War Office: And also,

That the Streets, and other public Passages and A Paper, intituled, Expence incurred by the Places, within the said Borough and Town, and the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance on Account of Liberties thereof, are not properly paved, cleansed, " the late ArmamentAnd also, lighted, or watched, and are subject to various In- An Account of the Money issued from His Ma-croachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, Disorders, and jesty’s Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty’s Service Annoyances; and that the Streets, and other public Abroad, since the 5th Day of ’January 1787.

Passages, within the said Borough and Town, are And the Titles of the said Estimate, Accounts, and greatly obstructed by Sheds, Penthouses, Bulks, Walls, Paper, were read.

projected Buildings, Pallisadoes, Steps, and Rails, The said Estimate, Accounts, and Paper, are as erected against the Fronts of Houses, and projecting followeth \ viz,

|nto the Streets, and several of the said Streets and

An

N avy Office,

27 November 1787.

7 An ESTIMATE of the Expences incurred by the Augmentation and Equipment 1 of His Majesty’s Naval Forces, since the 18th of September last.

T

Six Months Freight of 5,023 Tons of Transports — —

Charge of fitting, and Stores — — — — ' —

Freight and Wages of 28 Tenders ——

Fitting and Stores 1 ——

Figging, and supplying ^vith Stores, Six 40 Gun Ships — — —

Imprested to pay Bounty to Seamen ——

More may be wanted for the like Service . ——

Charge of procuring Men on Shore ——

Amount of advanced Price on Hemp purchased — — —

Loss on victualling the Army Transporrs — - — — ,

More for cornpromifing Bargains for Provisions for the Fleet at Home and Abroad — -A computed Amount of the General Charges under the Head of Wages, Wear and Tear, and Victualling ——

Gratuity to Officers and Seamen that have entered since the 18 September, and are now to be paid off or discharged - —

£. 15,389 18 9

i>99° 8 3 8,594 8 6 2,635 10 10 4,090 — — 7,700 — —

6.000 —

4 >3S6l9 7

10.000 ——

5.000 ——

20.000 — —

74,700 ——

15,000 — —

I- 175*407 5 ««

Cha‘ Midd,

J. Henjlow, Geo. Marsht

IV. Palmer, £. Le Cras.

An ACCOUNT of the Charges incurred by the late Armament, so far as the same can be at

present made up at the War Office.

Expence of the augmented Establishtfient of the Foot Guards, and Regiments of Infantry, between the 24th September and 24th December 1787, both inclusive . — —

Expence of the additional Military and Hospital Staff for the Wefi , from the Dates of the respective Appointments, during the Period before specified — —

Levy Money for the Recruits, raised by the Foot Guards, beyond their former Establish-

Continuation of Full Pay and Allowances to the Officers of the Eleventh Companies, from the 9th November 1787 to the 24th December following — 2,195 10 6

Deduct the Savings of the Half Pay of the said Officers, from the

24th September to the 24th December 1787 — *- 2,016 15 i

40,387

700

735

10 8 4 3

Difference

178 *5 5

F.xpence of extraordinary Marches Camp Equipage and Hospital Bedding Medicines *- —

700 — - —

I5>346 8 5 1.830 5

War Office,

30th November 1787,

Total Expence

£ 59*878 4 —

V

Geo. Tonge.

EXPENCE

Report from Committee on the Motion for a Supply.

EXP ENCE incurred by the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance on Account of the late Armament.

REGIMENT or ARTILLERY.

Raising and Arming an Augmentation of One Bombardier and Ten Gunners Company, amounting to 440 Men, to the Royal Regiment of Artillery, with the Pay of the same to 31st December 1787 ——

s. d.

S»r93 6 I

Arms for the Augmentation to Forty-nine Battalions, and Four new raised Regiments of Foot — — £. 13,295 5 —

Mem?.

As it is not necessary immediately to replace the above Arms, no Demand for them is made in this Estimate.

Ammunition and Intrenching Tools for sundry Regiments of Foot ordered on Service — . — — _

Tents to sundry Regiments ordered on Service . — _

442 17 —

2,663 17 —

STORES, &c. for the NAVY.

3»io6 14 —

To replace Ordnance Stores supplied to the Navy, and Expences incurred in the several Ports of Great Britain, on Account of the late Armament, computed at about — — — — . — __

Office of Ordnance, 30th November 1787.

James Lultrell> G.

J. Aldridge% Tho, Baillie.

10,000 — —; £. 18,300 — g

An Act C O U N T of the Money issued from His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for His Majesty’s Service Abroad, since the 5th Day of January 1787.

To His Majesty’s Secretaries of State, Eighty-three thousand One hundred and Sixty-six Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Estimate, Accounts, and Paper, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

’ And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Teh of the Clock.

Sabbati, i° die Decembris;

Anno 28* Georgii IU'" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion made upon

5 tburjdaylaft, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House j which he read in his Place; and-afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time;

Rcjolved, Nemine Contradieente, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Commitfee ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ot s-.ppiy House, to consider of the Supply granted to His api>Jinte Majesty.

6

i8 Geo. III.

i° DecembriSi

n

Estimate*, ice. Ordered, That an Estimate of the Ordinary of the ordered. Navy, for the Year 1788, with an Estimate of the

Ordinary of Half Pay of Officers of the Navy, and such of the

Officers of the Marines, as were employed in the 1 aft War, be laid before this House.

Extra Navy. Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1788, be laid before this House.

Guard* and Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge for G.nirons. Guards, Garrisons, and other Land Forces, for the Year 1788, be laid before this House.

Ordnance. Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of the

Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 1788, be laid before this House.

Reduced offi- Ordered, That a List of the Regimental and Warrant Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and of such of the Officers of the Marines as were reduced before the last War, who are to be on Half Pay for the Year 1788, be laid before this House.

Chelsea Out- Ordered, That an Estimate of the Charge of Out-Pcniioner*. Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1788, be laid before this House.

Service* in- Ordered, That an Account of Services incurred, jl^dedforf* ant* not provided for by Parliament, be laid before this House.

SurplulTc*. Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, shewing the Monies arisen within the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April 1787, as well of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called The Aggregate Fund, as of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called The South Sea Fund, as also of or for the Excess or Surplus of the Fund, commonly called The General Fund.

OifpuGtioaof Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Monies given for the Service of the Year 1787 have been disposed of; distinguished under their several Heads.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, to lay before this House the said Estimates, Lift, and Accounts.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Grant*.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* of Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made b?ii* ordered, out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hun-u dred and Eighty-seven."

Ordered, That there be laid befort this House, art Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further " Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven."

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and " Eighty-seven."

The House being informed that Mr. Fisher, from Account* of the Exchequer/ attended at the Door j he was called |xjhe<Jaer in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, s prdenU

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-seven And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a " further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, «« An Act for raising " a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth j viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 1 ft Day of December 1787.

James Fisher.

Vol; XLIIL

F

To

t'

i8

i8 Decemhris

A. 1787-

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament afifembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the 1 ft Day of December 1787.

James Fijker.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for " the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven."

The Exchequer Bills made out by virtue of the above-mentioned Act, amount to the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds.

Exchequer, the lft Day of December 1787.

James Fijker.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Right honourable the Earl Fitz-william, and the humble Petition of several others, Owners, Proprietors, and Purchasers of Fen-Lands and Low Grounds, in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of whose Names

arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Township, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the several Places called Fbe East Fen and The Ings, and in the Meadows or Carrs adjoining thereto, which, being subject to be Overflowed with Water, several interior Works of Drainage have been made and erected, at a considerable Expence, for draining and preserving the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, but no Provision is made for the Support and future Management of the said Works; and that, if such Provision was made, the said Lands and Grounds might be effectually drained and improved, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the Petitioners, and the several other Owners, Proprietors, and Purchasers of the said Lands and Grounds: And there-

fore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual draining and preserving of the said Fen Lands and Low Grounds, under such Directions and Restrictions as the House Hull think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hunt, Sir John Fkcrold, &c.: And they are to meet -upon Monday Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Lima,

Answer to Addreft#

Eft>mate» prc-fcnted.

Guards and Garrijonb*

Forces io the Plantations*

Lumey 30 die Decembris;

Anno 28° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1787. Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That their Address of Saturday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions to the proper Officers, that the Estimates, Lift, and Accounts therein mentioned, might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty.

Estimate of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788, both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of His Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1787 to 24th 1788,

both inclusive, being 366 Days: And also.

Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff q"'"J Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1788. otlicerj.'

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the Houft, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Troops '* E-111 Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service ""* in East India, for the Year 1788, being 366 Days:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of the Allowance to the Allowances to Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Land Forces; to General,n&c'.r the Secretary at W ar; to the Commissary General of &c. the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General j and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1788: And also,

Estimate of the ChargeoffullPay toSupernumerary fullPeyteSu-Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1788:

And also,

Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of Differencebe-the Brit ip and Irish Establishment of Seven Regiments and Four Companies of Foot, serving in North ,biiftwaenu

the West Indies, and the Iste of Man, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788, both inclusive.

And the Titles of the fahl Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as. followeth; viz.

estimate

g

cq'

i — h

CD

Q.

cr

o'

0

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Great Britain, and Jersey, from 25th December 1787 to 24th-

December 1783, both inclusive, being 366 Days.

Numbers. ( Pay of Commissioned, ( N on-Commissioned Officer*, and Private Men. Charge of Cl itUing of Non> " Commissioned Officers and Private Men.: Agency, < Allowances t» Captains, Paymafl'-rs, Surgeons, Ri-lingMasters^and Serjeanu.

— 3*9 ——

336 — 15.333 »4 3 *►7 *7 — 5 339 *9 — 558

225 — 10,515 10 8 1,144 13 8 219 4 9 372

225 — 10,515 10 8 1,144 13 8 229 4 9 372

225 — IO»5*5 10 8 1,144 13 8 229 4 9 37*

225 — 10,515 10 8 1,144 *3 8 229 4 9 37*

226 — 10,552 2 8 1,151 — 9 229 12 5 372

225 — 10,515 10 8 1,144 13 8 229 4 9 372

225 IO,5lS 10 8 1,144 *3 8 229 4 9 372

225 — 10,515 10 8 1,144 13 8 229 4 9 372

225 — 10,515 10 8 1,144 *3 8 229 4 9 372

225 — 10.515 10 8 1,144 13 8 229 4 9 372

225 — 10,515 10 8 1,144 *3 8 229 4 9 3?2

225 3.037 10,515 10 8 1,144 *3 8 229 4 9 372

1649 - —

1058 - — —

1058 3.765 - ' "

467 — 8,528 12 9 1,308 15 6 181 5 — 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 — -

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8.39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 i3o w 7 540 16 —

467 — 1 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — - 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 lSO -r- 7 540 16 —

467 — 8.39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 :8o — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

467 7.93s 8,39* l 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 —

1,62c,) 27,151 16 — 2,305 16 — 869 5 — 2,880

— 302 1 1 — 784 5 6 — 55


— 16,982 ’ 3'1.4-96 ~ 4 40,798 16 6 7,022 3 — 17,150 12 —

CORPS.

Dra-

Light

Dra-

goons*

Royal Regirnent of Horse Guards — —

First: Regiment of Dragoon Guards — -

Second D° ——

Third D# — — —

Earl of Pembroke’s Dragoons — —

Lieutenant General Johnston’s — —

Lord Southampton’s — — ~

General Carpenter’s — — —

Lieutenant General JohnJion’% — —

"Sir Henry Clinton’s — — —

Lieutenant General Pitt’s — —

Sir Joseph Torke’s — — —

Lord Hcathfield’s — ——

Major General Harccurt’s — —

P f First: Regiment of Foot Guards

°°j < Coldilream Regiment of D* Guards. Third Regime*t of D* _

Lieutenant General General Armfts — »

Major General

Lieu’enant General s

M.jor General O'Hara's Major General Grenville's —

Lieutenant General Lieutenant General Clarke's Foot. < Earl Cornwallis's —

Lord Frederick Cavendish’s Lieutenant General Fletcher's Sir Robert Pigot's —

Sir Robert s —

Sir George —

Lieutenant General Lieutenant General Grant's _ Major General M‘ s —

Inva-

lids.

W

to

H

M

s

H

W

| Thirty-six Independent Companies — —

Garrisons with Fire and Candle — —

For Recruiting His Majesty’s Forces for the Year 1738, upon Account — - — .

Contingencies, upon Account — — -

Total —

War Office,

3d Dttember, 1787.

total.

— —

*7.948- *3 8:

.12,261 9 1 1

12,261 9 1

12,261 9 1

12,261 9 1

12,304 *5 10

12,261 9 1

12,261 9 1

12,261- 9 1

12,261 9 1

12,261 9 1;

12,261 9 1

12,261 9 1

46,279 1 6

30,0 *3 8 6

30,068 6 6

*o,559 9 3

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8-

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

10,420 *5 8

29,682 S 6

26,126 6 —

O

165,129 9 5

106,360 16 6

OJ

o

177,29? 19 ir 33,206 17 — 30,521 14 —

40,000 — — 20,coo ’ — —

598,637 2 IO

Geo. Yonge%

Decembris. A. 1787.

*707.

D

eg' < — n' CD CL

cr

o

o

eg

FT

<1

o

o

E STI MATE of the Charge of His Majesty's Forces in the Plantations, including those in Garrison at , from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788, both inclusive,

being 366 Days.

CORPS.

m

tn

H

► — »

H

Pi

Lieutenant General /iW/’s Regiment of Foot — __

Lieutenant General Baugh*s — — —

Sir Robert Murray Keith's ——

Lieutenant General Douglas's — —

General Grime's — — — >

Major General Roy's ——

Sir John Dailing's ——

Sir Heitor Mnnro\ — — — . —

Lieutenant General Elphinft one's — — . —

Lieutenant General Frederick's — — —

Lieutenant General Campbell's ——

Royal American Regiment, 4 Battalions — —

Ears of Harringtons Regiment — — 1 —

Lieutenant General Galbett's " — —

Lieutenant General Maxwell Browne's, — — —

GARRISONS; Viz.

Shicbecy Montrealy Nova Scotiay New Brunfzvicky Cape Bretony St. John 5 Newfoundlandy Placentiay and the Island of St. John — —

Jama:cay Barbadcesy Grenaday St. Vincent'sy and Dominica — —

Officers serving with His Majesty's Forces in North America and the West Indies' ——

Officers of the Hospitals serving in North America and the West Indies —

GIBRALTAR.

Lord Adam Gordon's Regiment, 2d Battalion — — .

Lieutenant General Jones's ——

Lieutenant General Smith's ——

Sir John Sebright's ——

Lord George Lennox's - -

Earl of Rojs's - — -

Sir Thomas Spencer JVilfonrs ——

Sir David Lindjay's ——

General Lamb ion s ——

Officers of the Garrison of Gibraltar ——

Contingencies upon Account — — —

Total —

War Office, jd December 1787*

Numbers. Pay of Commissioned, Non-Coinmi (Tinned Officers,.and Private Men. Clothing of Non-ConnmilVioned Oriicer> and Private Men. Agency. Allowances to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants.

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 *5 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 t 180 — 7 540 1.6 — 10,420

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 IS C 180 — 7 540* 1-6 — 10,420

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8.391 3 7 1,308 *5 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 1^,420

467 ita — 8»39l 3 7 1,308 IS 6 180 — 7 540 16 — I0>420

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 IS 6 18a — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — - 8)39! 3 7 1,308 IS 6 18a — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8,39* 3 7 1,308 15 6 18a — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8,391 3 4 1,308 IS 6 j-8o — 7 540 16 — 10,420

1,869 — 33.805 5 5 S,23S 2 722 5 1 2,163 4 — 4L9 25

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 IS 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8.391 3 7 - 1,308 i-5- 6 180 — 7; 540 16 — 10,420

467 8,39* 3 7 1,308 IS 6 iSq — 7 - 540 16 — 10,420

0,40/

— - , --T-- i _ — - _

_ " - — 1

\ — — r — 1 - - ' — — ' — _ ’ T — —

\ 1 — *

467 / 8,150 1 2- 6 1,308 15 6 177 17 10 540 16 — 10,178

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 IS 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467; v 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

.467 i — ! 8,391 3 7 1,308’ 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8.391 3 7 ’ 1,308 IS 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,42a

467 — 8,391 3 7 .1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8,39! 3 7 1,308 IS 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8.391 3 7 1,308 *5 6 180 — - 7 540 16 — 10,420

467 — 8,391 3 7 1,308 15 6 180 — 7 540 16 — 10,420

4>2°3

— ' T ——


— 12,610 226,561 l6 9 35,336' 18 6 4,866 15 9 1 14,601 12 — —

T O T A L.

15 8

*S 15 8

iS 8

15 8 IS 8 15 8 15 8 IS 8 IS 8

15 8

16 IS 8 15 8 15 8

10

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

8

\ 18^,816 IS IO

6,2m 6 6

2,548 5 —

12,602 11 —

5>°7» 5 —

93>S44 7 2

3,564 8 7

4,500 ——

315,865 19

Geo. Tenge.

28 Geo. III. 3°

22

3° Decewb.

1787.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1788.

General and General Staff Officers, from 25th* December 1787 to 24th December 1788, both indufive, being 366 Days — *- — — — i*’*

7 — 6

War Office,

3d December 1787.

Geo. T

11 ' " 1 I 'I' ....

ESTIMATE of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, fof Service in East India, for the Year 1788, being 366 Days.

Number. Charge. TOTAL.

Sir William Howe's Regiment of Light Dragoons, from

25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788, botht indufive.

pay - 407 f 0,370 15 5

Clothing — — — 2,257 h 31 1

Agency - — 228 4 10

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon,

and Riding Matter — — Lieutenant General St. John’s Regiment of Foot. 427 16 — 13,284 10 7

Pay — — — — 902 13,750 12 4f

1 Clothing - 2,459 16 6;

Agency — . — — — — «r 247 4 1

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, and Sur-

geon — — — 1 752 17,209 13 —

General Trap dud's Regiment — D* — 902 — 17,209 13 —

Lord Mc Lead's — — D# — 902 — 17,209 13 —

Major General James Murray's — D* — Major General Medows’s — D* — 9Q2 — 17.209 13. —

902; — 17,209 13 —

Major General Sir Archil ¥ Campbell’s D* — 902 — 17,209 13 —

Colonel Abercrombie's — — D* — 902 — 17,209 13 —

Colonel Musgrave’s D" — Colonel Marsh's — — D* — 992 — 17,209 13 —

902 8, Il8 17.209 13 — 154,886 17

Total — — . 8»525 - 168,171 7 7

Memorandum:

By the Act passed in the Year 1781, intituled, "An Act for establishing an Agreement with the United " Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies, &c." the East India Company are required so pay a certain Sum of Money, which is specified in the said Act, in Proportion to the Number of T roops sent or to be sent to the East Indies on the Requisition of the said Company.

This Sum the said Company claim, under the Words of the Act, a Right of paying in The East Indies only: And, as it will be necessary to provide for the Subsistence of the Recruiting Companies remaining in Great Britain, there will be wanting at present for this Purpose the Sum ofy\ 11,048. 12. 6 j which it will be necessary to vote on Account of the above Estimate j as also the Sum of 244. — 6, being the Pay and Agency of Twelve additional Lieutenants belonging to Major General s Regiment of Foot for 92 Days, from the 24th September 1787 to the 24th December following, both inclusive; making together the Sum of Eleven thousand Two hundred Ninety-two Pounds and Thirteen Shillings.

War Office, 3d December 1787.

Geo. Tenge.

x ESTIMATE

28 Geo. III. 30 Decembris.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Allowance to the Paymaster General of Ills Majesty's Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1788.

Paymaster General, his Deputies, Clerks,

Fees at the Exchequer ——

Secretary at War, Deputy, Clerks, — — —

Commissary General of the Musters — — - D* — "

Judge Advocate General — — — D° — —

Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army - D* — — »

Total for Offices — Poundage to be returned to the Infantry upon Account

i7>7*5 — — 12,000 ----- "

9>977 3 5 3>26$ 18 3

2,365 19 — 4,470 ---

49,804 — 8 11,059

Total —

— £.

60,863 6 8

War Office,

3d December 1787.

Geo. Tonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 17884

1 Captain of Dragoons, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788, both inclusive — — — a66 6 7

2 Majors and Captains of Foot, D° ea. 257. 14. 9. — — S 5 9 6

1 Lieutenant Colonel and Captain of Invalids, D* — — 292 2 1 ,

1 Major and Captain — — — *- 8 Captains — — ea. 171. 16. 6. — — ia Lieutenants — — ea. 80. 3. 81. — — 9 Ensigns — — ea. 63. — — J. — * — Total for Pay > 257 i4 9 1,374 12 — 962 4 6 567 — 6i 3,453 13 id* 4.235 9, Hi

Agency — — — 37 12 a{

/ War Office, 3d December 1787. Geo. Tonge. 4,273 2 2

estimate

Grdnnnce Pf. tiinatc prc-fen led.

3* Decembris.

A. 1787.

ESTIMATE of th? Diiferdnce between the Charge of the British and Establishment of Seven Regiments and Four Companies of Foot serving in ,the West and the isle of Mw»>

lor 306 Days, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 17881 both incluftvei

Lielit. General Burgofie's RegimenE of Root, Pay of Corri-missioned, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Meri, for 366 Days -1 — — — — —

Clothing for Non commissioned Officers and Private Meii — Agency _ —

Allowances to Captains, Paymaster, Surgeon, and Serjeants —

Total — —

Paid by Ireland for this Rtgiment — —

Difference to be made good by Great Britain — >

Major General s

Lord Say and S — '

Sir William Erjki tie’s — »

Lieut. General s

Major General Ecnyn’s Lieut. General Maitland's

Lieut. General Lejlie's Regiment, 4 Companies.

Pay

Clothing Agency Allowances

Total Brit :fi Paid by Ireland for these Companies

Difference —

Total to be made good by Great Britain

Numbers. Charge or Pay, for 366 Days. Differeucc.

467 8>39* 3 7

- — 1,308 15 6

— :- r- 1 0 CO

540 16 —

— 16,420 14 §

9^25 5 5

— 1,195 10 3

4C7 1,195 10 3

467 1,195 10 3

467 1,195 10 3

467 1,195 10 3

467 1,195 10 3 i

467 1,195 *0 3 1 1

1 8,-68 11 9

l85 3,052 n 10

517 10 8

— 69 5 3

153

— 3.79^ 7 9

3,402 4. 9;

— — 393 3 —

3> 4i4 \ 1 8,758 14 9

War Office,

3d December 1787.

Geo. Tenge.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Estimate of the Charge of the Office Of Ordnance Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House. for the Year 1788 — Land Service.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Mr. Aldridge presented to the Floufe, pursuant to T he said Estimate is as followeth; vij. their Address to His Majesty,

ESTIMATE

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for the Year 1788.

LAND SERVICE.

ORDINARY.

Salaries and Rents to the Matter General, Principal Officers, Clerks, s. d.

and Attendants, employed at the Tower — — 15,266 8 —

d.

And at the following Places; viz1.

Laboratory at Woolwichand for proving Powder Inspector of Artillery at D% and for proving Guns Superintendant of Military Machines at D° — Hampton Court and St. James’s, and Greenwich

Woolwich — — —

Purjleet — — —

Gravesend and Tilbury — —

Chatham — —

Upnor Castle — —

Sheemejs — —

Feversham — —

Hover — — —

Portsmouth — — —

Priddy's Hard ——

Plymouth — — —

Keyham Point — — . —

fPendennis, Scilly Island, Chester Castle, and Liverpool, wick, Carlisle, Tinmouth and Clifford's Fort,

Yarmouth, and Landguard Fort —

Guernsey — — —

Jersey — — —

IJleof Man — —

Relit for Use of Land and Houses — —

One Half of which is charged to the Sea Service —

North Britain — —

Gibraltar — —

Jamaica — —

St. Christopher — —

yfntigua —

Dominica — . —

St. Vincent —

Barbadoes — —

Grenada — —

Bahama Islands — —

Quebec — —

Halifax — —

NewBrmjwick — — -

St. John s and Placentia, in Newfoundland

Ber-

Hull,

1,876 5 — 1,687 17 6

282 17 6

226 ——

570 ——

54i 5 —

255 ——

600 — > — 80 — —

380 ——

290 — — 120 ——

814 15 — 170 — --644 15 — 170 — —

- 43° — —

- 448 2 6

- 448 2 6

- 166 — —

554 17 —

£.26,022 5 —

Pay of Civil Officers and Artificers, at —

Pay of Matter Gunners at the several Garrisons and Batteries in Great Britain, and of the Gunners at St. James's Park, and the Tower of London, with their Allowance for Coals and Candles ——

Charges incident to the Tower, and the several other Forts, Garrisons, and Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, in taking Remains of Stores, Pay of Labourers, Books, Paper, Coals, Candles, Cartage, Messages, Pottage of Letters, and othersContingencies . ——

Ordinary Repairs of Buildings, Fortifications, Bridges, Gates, Platforms, Barracks, Store-houses, Pallifades,) making new and repairing old Carriages, in the several Forts, Cattles, Garrisons, and other Places, under the Ordnance in Great Britain,

and Jersey — — . — — —

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, Sheets, &c. and repairing the fame, at the several Barracks, Forts, Cattles, and Garrisons, in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey — —

Expence of Stores and Ammunition for Garrisons, and small Stores for the common Duty of Regiments in Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey - - ~

Vol. XLIII.

H

13,011. 2 6

554 10 — 1,411 7 6

292 — —

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

584 ——

5*4 ——

474 10 — 861 15 — 662 5 —

629 12' 6* 1,277 10 —

3,443 *3 —

18.000 — —

15.000 — —

-4,379 4 7 6,000 — — Cleaning

i6 30 Decembris.

Cleaning and repairing small Arms in the Tower — — ~

Pay of the Corps of Royal Engineers ——

Pay of the Royal Regiment of Artillery,'confiftiqg of 3,722 Men, Officers included — — — — 111,044 8 —

Pay of Corporals, Bombardiers, and First Gunners, still remaining on the War Establishrnenc - 2,938 13 6

Establishment of the Civil Officers, Professors, and Mailers of the Royal Military Academy at IVsnlvsich — — . — — . —

Estabklhment of Draughtfmen in the Tower of , for Service in Great Britain, and Foreign Garrisons ——

Pay of Superannuated and Disabled Men, Flalf Pay of Reduced Officers, Widows Pensions, and Allowances to Officers for good Services, pursuant to His Majesty’s . Warrants tt* , — -r- r.' — —

Sums to be paid-at the Treasury, and at the Exchequer, for Fees'on the Sum of £.419,407. — t. 1. being the Amount of this Estimate — —

Ordinary.

_E X J A, O k DINAR I E $/ 1788.

NE tV F

Repairs of Fortifications, Barratks, and Quarters for Officers, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

For Fuel for the Troops ——

QUEBEC.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

For a Supply of Stores ——

BAHAMA ISLANDS.

For Current Service, and Contingencies

-JAMAICA,;

For Repairs, Current Service, and Contingencies — —

A U A.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications to protest the Naval Yard in Harbour —

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — For a Supply of Stores — ~ — —

ST. CHRISTOPHER.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications at Brimjlcne Hill — — —

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — For a Supply of Stores — ~ — —

DOMINICA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications in Prince Rupert’s Bay — - — >

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — -For a Supply of Stores ——

BARBADOES.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications near Bridge Town — — —

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — For a Supply of Stores — — —

ST. VINCENT.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications near the Town — — —

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department — For a Supply of Stores ——

I- *- 4-

1.500 ——

1.500 ——

5,000 -

10,048 8 —

75o ——

3,000 ——

75° ——

1,500 ——

500 — —

2, OCO ---- —

fOO ——

1,000 ——

750 ——

3,000 ——

750 ——

1,500 ——

1.000 — —

4.000 — —

I,coo ——

2.000 -

500 ——

2,000 — --

5OO ---- —

1,000 ——

G R

A, 1787.

£. s. d.

2,000 -

10,431 ——

J>798 12 6 2,031 6 —

20,552 7 6

854 ——

221,131 17 7

3,000 — —

15,048 8 —

2,000 — —

3,000 — —

6,000 — —

4,coo — —

6,oco — —

8,oco ——

4,000 — — "

E N A D A.

28 Geo. III.

3

0 Decembris.

a7

1,000 — —

4.000 — —

1.000 ——

2,000 ——

4,504 17 —

2.000 -

2.000 ——

4.000 — —

i3»695 —

2.000 -

1,800 ——

20,000 — —

I,coo — — 2,000 — — 964 12 — 1,000 — —

1,000 — —

2,000 -- —

964 12 ---

1,000 — ' —

GRENADA.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For the Fortifications near George Town — —

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Artillery Department —

For a Supply of Stores ——

GIBRALTAR.

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

For excavating the Rock, and proceeding with the Souterrain Batteries, and their Communications — — — ~

Blowing and breaking Stone for Lime, Carriage of Stone, Coals, Culm,

Lime, &c. attending the Kiln, and making Mortar — —

For the Ordinary Repairs of the Barracks, Officers Quarters, Storehouses, and Magazines ——

Towards the necessary Repairs and Improvements of the Works —

For Contingencies in the Engineer’s Department — —

For Contingencies in the Storekeeper’s Department — —

For a Supply of Stores ——

JERSEY.

For'Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For D° — — in the Engineer’s Department

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

For a Supply of Stores — — —

GUERNSEY.

For Current Service, and Contingencies, in the Storekeeper’s Department For D* — — in the Engineer’s Department —

Pay of Half a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

For a Supply of Stores — — —

S C O TL A

For Repairs of the several Forts, Castles, and Barracks, in , Current Service, and

Contingencies — — — — __

NORTH EAST D I S For Current Service, and Contingencies — — — .

LANDGUARD FORT.,

For Repairs, fitting up Buildings, Current Service, and Contingencies _

CINQUE PORTS.

For Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

CHATHAM.

For Repairs of the Barracks at Chatham and and for Repairs at

Gillingham, Cockhamwood, and Howness, Current Service, and Contingencies ——

Towards the revetting and repairing Townshend’s and Redoubts

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

SHEERNESS.

For Repairs of the Breakwaters, Current Service, and Contingencies

PORTSMOUTH.

For Repairs of Old Works, and other Buildings at Portsmouth, and various Places in the Division, for Current Service, and Contingencies -For building a New Armoury in the Gun Wharf for Service of the

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

GOSPORT.

In further Part of the Charge for compleating Fort Monckton —

For Contingencies, Repairs of Barracks, and the Lines — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

4,673

4 3

4,

,389 16 3

*'*9 4-

£. s. di

8, COO — —

50,000 — —

4,964 12

4,964 12 —

6,000 — —

500 — —

1,000 ——

1,000 — —

5,929 4 —

2,000 —

10,997 4

12,429 4 —

PLYMOUTH

Committee of Supply.

Account* #f Exchequer Bills referred.

30 Decembris.

PLYMOUTH.

I- d'

2,070 16 — 2,941 18 — 1,929 4 —

1,070 16 — 1,929 4 —

For Repairs of the Citadel, and various Places in the Division, for Current Service, and Contingencies — — —

For re-building a House for the Governor — —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

WOOLWICH.

For Contingencies, and Charges attending the Barracks, fitting up Houses for Field Officers, and building a New Guard House —

Pay of a Company of Royal Military Artificers — —

ROYAL LABORATORY. ~

Towards the extraordinary Charge of Labourers and Artificers — —

WALTHAM ABBEY.

For the Purchase of the Powder Mills, as by Agreement with Mr. Walton, the

Proprietor ——

SHIPPING.

For relieving the Royal Regiment of Artillery in Foreign Garrisons — —

REGIMENT OF ARTILLERY.

For Contingencies ——

SALT P ET RE.

For the Purchase of Two hundred Tons, for Land Service, from the East India Company ——

Extraordinaries —

Ordinary — —

Ordinary and Extraordinaries —

A. 1787.

£. s. d.

6,941 18 —

3.000 — —

2.000 — —

10,000 — -r

2,500 — —

6.000 — —

9.000 — —

198,275 2 6

221,131 17 7

419,407 — 1

,-yVCTj -»

James Luttrell, J. Aldridge,

G. Crawfu,

Tho. Baillie.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply granted to His Majestyj

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or " Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-seven," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act " for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer " Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-seven," be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutionsj which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from Warren Hastings and Richard Barwell, Esquires, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 30th April 1776, inclosing, Copy of a Bill for the better Government of the Kingdoms or Provinces, &c. under the Government General of Bengal, and for the Administration of Justice therein.

4 A Motion

F

Letter from

MelTrs. Hastings and Bar-well to the Directors of the East India Company, ordered.

Motion for printing the Translation of th* Hessian T rcaty.

Nrg.

Motion for Copies of the Notification of the Court of France to interfere respecting the Affair* of Holland.

Keg.

CVrkenwtll Church Petition.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That such a Number of Copies of the Translation of the Treaty between His Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse Cassel, signed at Caff the a8th of September 1787 (which was presented to the House upon ThurJ-day last) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House *

It passed in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be laid before this House* Copies or Extracts of the Notification of the Court of France to His Majesty of the Intention of the Most Christian King to interfere respecting the Affairs of Hollandj It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 4.0 die Decembris 5

Anno a8# Georgii III. U Regis, 1787.

Gravers.

APETITION of the Minister, Churchwardens* and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That the said Parish consists of Two Districts, the one called SaintJames’sy and the other and the Parishioners in both the said Districts have contributed, and are liable to pay, towards the Repairs of the Parish Church of Sa which is situate in that Part of the Parish called Saint James's , and that, the said Church being in a very ruinous Condition* it is necessary to take down the fame, and also the Tower, or Steeple, belonging thereto, and to rebuild the said Church and Tower, or Steeple; and it is conceived such good Purposes may be effected in a Manner the least burthensome to the Inhabitants, by railing Money on the Sale of Annuities for Lives, and borrowing Money at Interest on transferable Bonds: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable certain Trustees, to be therein named, to cause the said Church and Tower, or Steeple, to be pulled down, and to be re-built of such Dimensions, after such Model, and of such Materials, and in such Manner and Place, as the said Xruftees shall agree upon, and to enable them to purchase such Messuages, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, as well for the Purpose aforesaid, as for enlarging the prefenr, or making a new Cemetery Or Church Yard, and also for the making aild open-. ing of such Ways, Paths, and Passages, as they may think fit, and to raise such Sum and Sums of Money, as may be necessary for the Purposes aforesaid, by the - Sale of Annuities for Lives, and at Interest on transferrable Bonds, and to make, raise, and levy such Rates or AssefiVnents as may be adequate to the paying of the said Annuities and Interest, and all Expences incident to the said Church, and likewise for discharging the Debts now due from the said Parishioners for or on Account of the said Churches of Saint James and Saint John.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Gilbert,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Vot. XLIII.

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons,. Papers, and Records;

A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping, in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Mumfield Street, in the County of S; apd for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of Withy-ham, to Forest Row, in the Parish of Grinstead,

in the County of Sussex, was read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. BaJ-tard, Mr. Thomas Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door* he was called in j and, at the Bar* presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Letter from Messieurs Hajlings and Bar-well to the Court of Directors, dated 30th April 1776* inclosing a Bill proposed for an Act of Parliament for the better Government of the Kingdoms or Provinces and Countries under the Government and Controul of the Governor General and Council of Fort William in Bengal, and for the Administration of Justice therein.

And then he withdrew;

And the Title of the said Copy was read;

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session;

The House being informed that Mr. Irvings In-spedor General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order of the 9th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of all Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats, exported from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, from what Port or Place, and the Bounty paid thereon: And also.

Ail Account of all Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats, sent Coastwise, from the Year 178a to 1786* inclusive, from what Port or Place* distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain: And also*

An Account of the Quantity of Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats, imported from the Year 1780 to 1786* inclusive; distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon* in each of the said Years, and into what Port or Place the same was imported, save and except the Counties of *

Suffolk, and Cambridge;

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were fead.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon thfc Table, to be perused by the Members of the House/ The said Accounts are preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according td Order* repdrted from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply granted to His Majesty* the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read and are as followeth viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Eighteen thousand Men be employed for the Sea Service for the Year One theufandSovcn hundred

I and

Tunbridge Wells Road Bill committed;

Letter from MeflV*. Raftings and Bar-well to the Directors of the Eift Itidia

Company

presented*

Accounts of Wheat, Bailey; Malt, and Oats exported, sent Coastwilef and imported, picfenuJ.

Report Supply.

Seameft.

Snm for Seamen.

For paying off

Exchequer Bills.

b\

0%

Committee of Ways and Means appointed.

Marine Mutiny Bill ordered.

Address for

Account of Money issued purtuant to Addresses,

Newfoundland Trade Act to be considered in a Commit-tM.

50 4* — 5* Decembrist A, 1787.

and Eighty-eight, including Three thousand Six hundred and Twenty Marines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Cojnmittee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four Pounds Man per Month, be allowed for maintaining the said Eighteen thousand Men for Thirteen Months, including Ordnance for Sea Service.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the u Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred *c and Eighty-seven," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by Virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred fC and Eighty-seven," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of One Million Five hundred thousand Pounds be granted to His Majesty, for paying off and discharging the Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act, passed in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Exchequer Bills, for the Service of c* the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eightyseven," and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And that Mr. Stephens, Mr. Brett, and Mr. Hopkins, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleai'ed to give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money* which have been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of this House, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for confining, for a limited " Time, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the llland of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian " Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but " British-b\i\\iShips, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European " Dominions, and furnifticd with a Licence accord-

u ing to the Form hereunto annexed," might be read*

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ro/e took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ro/e reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Ro/e accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of -rica and His Majesty’s Subjects in the llland of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but built Ships,

actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence.

And Mr. Ro/e moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the llland of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but Ships, aftu-

ally belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence: And that Mr. William Wyndham,

Mr. Ro/e, and the Marquis of Graham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 50 diDecetnbris; Anno 28* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1787.'

Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty } and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of White Sheet Hill,through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road, at or near Barford,in the County of Wilts: And the same was received} and read the t'irll Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, having Right of Common upon the Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor or Township of Bramley, in the Parish of Leeds, and County of York,

was

considered*

reported*

Bill ordered*

An Twer t« Addrel*

White Sheet Hill Road Bill piefented*

Bramley Tn-clot are Pcti*-' lion.

Accounts yr denied.

Prohibited East India Qaodi*

D®.

D*.

P®#

D°.

Naval Stores from Ruto.

Do.

Whale Ships.

was presented to the House, dnd rtad j Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor or Township, several Commons and Waste Lands, containing by Estimation 600 Acres, or thereabouts, which, in their present Situation, are of little Advantage to the Persons having Right of Common thereon, and are not capable of Improvement; but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights, it would tend greatly to the Benefit of all such Persons, and be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Grounds, in such. Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuanc to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Lovother and Mr. Cawtborne do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The House being informed that some of the Commissioners of the Customs attended at the Door j they ' were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

N° 1. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Saint Helen’s, and private Trade Ware-house in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1786 to Michaelmas 1787, what delivered out for Exportation during that Period, and what remained in the said Warehouse at Michaelmas 1787: And also,

N° 2. An Account of prohibited East India Goods imported into Leadenhall Warehouse, in the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1786 to Michaelmas 1787, also what exported during that Time, and what remained in the said Warehouse ox Michaelmas 1787: And also,

N° 3. An Account of prohibited Goods

remaining in His Majesty’s Warehouse in the Port of London, at Michaelmas 1786, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also what remained at Michaelmas 1787: And also,

N° 4. An Account of East India Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, in the respective Ware-houses in the Out Ports, at Michaelmas 1786, what have been since brought in, what exported, as also Vhat remained at Michaelmas 1787: And also,

N° 5. An Account of prohibited East India Goods which have been delivered out of the Warehouses at Saint Helen’s, Leadenhall, B , and the Cuf-

tom House, in the Port of London, since Michaelmas 1786, in order to be dyed, glazed, and refreshed, what have been since returned, and what remained out at Michaelmas 1787: And also,

N° 6. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Port of London, from Michaelmas 1786 to Michaelmas 1787: And also,

N° 7. An Account of Naval Stores imported from Russia into the Ports of England, commonly called the Out Ports, from Michaelmas 1786 to Michaelmas 1787: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Number of Ships which have been employed in the Whale Fishery to Davis’s Streights and 'The Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port in Great Britain they were discharged, and also what Quantity of Oil or Whale Fins each Ship his imported in the Year 1787.

And then they withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for Faifing the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chait.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, that he wai directed by the Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty,

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates, having Right of Common upon the Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in the Manor and Parish of Wandon, Otherwise Wavendon, in the County of Buckingham, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor and Parish, certain Open Arable Fields, Meadows* Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, whereon the Petitioners, and others, have Right of Common, but the same lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, by Reason thereof, so long as they lie open and uninclosed, are incapable of Improvement and that the said Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, are capable of great Improvement, and, if the same were Inclosed, divided, and allotted, amongst the several Persons having Right of Common thereon, it would be a great Advantage to them; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing the said Open Arable Fields, Open Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisoes, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Mr. James,

and Sir John Aubrey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names art thereto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the Open and Common Fields, Pastures. Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in IVollafton, in the County of Northamptoni was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, and others, in the said Open and Common Eields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of anyconfi-derable Improvement j but, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Persons entitled thereto, it would be very advantageous to the Parties interested: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as the House shall direct.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant lo the Prayer of tfae ftid Petition: And that 2 Mr.

Committee rtf \Va> s and Meant.

Wandrtn.IH* closure Petition;

Woltaflci*

Inclosurt

Petition*

Dsrtford Roads Petition.

v

Mr. Powys and Sir William do prepare* arid

bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for ciriying into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening several " Roads leading to the Town of in the County of Kent" Was presented to the House, and read* Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and nave borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be tolltfted, which still remains due} and that the Money borrowed cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, and kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some Alterations and Amendments made therein i And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring jn a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr.hailing.» A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr.

An’wrr to the.

Amdesof Montagu.

Impeachment) Mr. Speaker,

the Loidi»g,n The Lords have commanded us to bring to this House a true Copy of the Answer of Warren Esquirei to the 'Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by this House, and to leave the same with this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Answer be now read.

And the said Answer was read accordingly; and is as followeth j viz.

The Answer of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, to the Articles exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgrfies, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain, in Maintenance of their Impeachment against him for High Crimes and Misdemeanors supposed to have been by him committed.

The said Warren Hajlings faving to himself all Ad-

vantages of Exception to the said Articles, for the Generality, Uncertainty, and Insufficiency thereof, and of not being prejudiced by any Words, or Want of Form in this his Answer; and also 2s to several of the Matters with which the said Warren Hajlings is by the said Articles charged, protesting, that he is not bound to give any Answer theteunto, inasmuch as the same do not contain or amount to any Crime or Offence known to the Law of England, admits that the United Company of Merchants of England trading to the East Indies have for a long Time past carried on an extensive Trade, obtained great Territorial Possessions and Revenues, entered into various Alliances and Connections, and waged frequent Wars with the Native Powers in India; and that it became necessary that the said United Company Should create certain great Offices for the Management of their Affairs, and the various Concerns from them retailing; and

5* Decembrih

A. iy8y.

that the Office created and knowri by the Name of President of the Presidency of Fort William in,

was an Office of such high Trust, Power, arid Dignity, as is stated in the Introduction to the said Articles; and the said Warren Hajlings fays, that having been employed, during a Period of many Years, in various Departments of the Civil Service of the East India Company, he was lawfully constituted and appointed to tacceed to the said Office; and that he did succeed to the same at such Time, and in such Manner, as in the said Introduction is also stated. And he further fays, That an Act of Parliament was passed In the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, with such Title to the same as in the said Introduction is mentioned, by which it was enacted, " That for the Government of the Presidency of Fort William in " Bengal,there Should be appointed a Governor Ge-

" neral and Four Councillors; and that the whole Civil and Military Government of the said Prefi- dency, and also the Ordering, Management, and " Government of all the Territorial Acquisitions and " Revenues in the Kingdoms of Bengal, Babar, and OriJJa, Should, during such Time as the Territorial " Acquisitions and Revenues Should remain in the " Possession of the United Company, be and were ‘c thereby vested in the said Governor General and Council of the said Presidency of Fort William in " Bengal, in like Manner, to all Intents and Purposes whatsoever, as the same then were, or at any Time " theretofore might have been exercised by the President and Council, or Select Committee, in the said KingdomsAnd that it was by the said Act further enacted, " That in all Cafes whatsoever, where- in any Difference of Opinion Should arise, upon " any Question proposed in any Consultation, the said " Governor General and Council Should be bound " and concluded by the Opinion and Decision of the major Part of those present; and if it Should happen, that by the Death or Removal, or by the " Absence of any of the Members of the said Council*

" such Governor General and Council Should happen " to be equally divided, then in every such same the " said Governor General, or in his Absence the eldest Councillor present, Should have a Calling Voice,

and his Opinion Should be decisiveand conclusive." And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the said Governor General and Council, or the major Part of them, were by the said Act authorized to superintend and controul the Government and Management of the Presidencies of Madras, Bombay, and Benccolen respectively; but that no Power, Authority, Dignity, Trust, or Responsibility, were by the said Act Specially annexed to the said Office of Governor General, otherwise than is hereinbefore mentioned: And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that upon the due and incorrupt Execution of the said Office of Governor General, thus constituted, the several important Interests stated in the said Introduction did in anespecial Manner depend: And the said Warren Hajlings does with Gratitude acknowledge, that he was originally appointed to the said Office of Governor General by the Act of Parliament aforesaid, for the Term of Five Years; and that he was afterwards, by another Act of Parliament, passed in the Nineteenth Year of the Reigrx of His present Majesty, again appointed to the same Office for the Term of One Year, from the Fifth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine; and that by an Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, he the said Warren Hajlings was continued in the said Office for the further Term of One Year; and that in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, he was once more, being the Fourth Time, honoured with the same Appointment by the same Authority, for the Term of Ten Years: And the said

humbly

humbly begs Leave to observe, that many of the Matters now charged against him, as High Crimes and Misdemeanors, had been fully carried into Execution, and Accounts thereof formally transmitted to, the Court of Directors of the said United Company, and by them in due Course submitted to the Consideration of His Majesty’s Ministers, prior to several of his said successive Appointments to the said Office herein above set forth; and the said Warren Hajiings trusts, that it will be allowed him in this Place to affirm, that he never, directly or indirectly, at any Time made, or caused to be made, any Application, Suit, or Request whatsoever, to any of His Majesty’s Mi-nifters, to the Directors of the East India Company, or any of them, or to any other Person or Description of Persons whatsoever, either for the Purpose of procuring himself to be originally appointed to, or afterwards continued in, the said Office j and that the said Office, first conferred upon him, in a Season of gr^at Difficulty and Embarrassment, affecting peculiarly the Interests of the East India Company, was repeatedly afterwards conferred at Periods of imminent Danger and Distress, affecting equally the general Interests of the whole British Empire: And the said Warren Hajiings admits, that he continued to act in the said Office until the Month of February One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, at which Time Peace being restored to every Part of the British Dominions in India, and several important Arrangements with the Country Powers, and in the internal Regulation of the Affairs of the said Company, in the said Government completed, he voluntarily resigned the fame: And the said Warren Hajiings further admits, that he was bound, by all the solemn Obligations stated in the said Introduction, faithfully to discharge the Trusts repoled in him during all the Time that he so continued to- aft in the said Office: And the said Warren Hajiings denies, that he ever entertained any of the base or corrupt Views or Designs, or was actuated by any such Motives, or aimed at the Attainment of any such Objects, as are in and by the said Introduction fug-gefted and charged against him: And the said M'arren Hajiings further denies, that he has been guilty of any unwarrantable or criminal Practices whatsoever, or that he has in any Manner violated the Duties of his said Station, or that by any Acts whatsoever done or committed by him the said Warren , in the,

Exercise of his said Office, the Welfare of the East India Company has suffered, the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants of India been diminished, their Confidence in English Faith and Lenity (haken or impaired, or the Honour of the Crown and the Character of the Nation been in any Manner degraded. On the contrary, the said Warren Hajiings does solemnly affirm, that, during the whole Period of his long and arduous Government, he did steadily and uniformly, according to the belt of his Judgment, and the Means within his Power, pursue and endeavour to advance the Interest of the East India Company and the British Nation j and he trusts that, in the Result of such Examination as his Conduct will receive from the Wisdom and Justice of your Lordships, it will appear that the Welfare of the East India Company has been, during the Exercise of his said Office, materially promoted, the Happiness of the Native Inhabitants of India protested and increased, their Confidence in English Faith and Lenity conciliated and confirmed, and the Honour of the Crown, and the Character of the British Nation, industriously and successfully maintained. And the said H'arren Hajiings, before he proceeds to answer the several Articles wherewith he stands charged, humbly begs Leave to state, that whereas the said Articles do in many Instances contain long Narrations and Recitals of supposed Fasts and Circumstances, which do neither in themselves import, nor are mate-Vol. XLIIIv

rially relevant to any criminal Charge against him the said Warren Hajiings, he humbly presumes to hope, that, in submitting to answer the fame, he shall noc be understood to admit such Narrations or Recitals to contain any Matter of criminal Charge, or that he shall thereby preclude himself from infilling that he was not by Law required to make Answer thereunto.

And whereas the true Nature of many Measures, charged against him the said Warren Hajiings as Offences, can only be made appear by a full Exposition and Detail of the general State of Public A. flairs at the Times when such Measures were respectively adopted, and by a particular Explanation of the several Motives which induced the Adoption of such Measures , yet > the said Warren Hajiings, conceiving that an Answer framed in that Extent would have been inconfiftenc with the usual Course of your Lordships Proceedings, and that such Matters may be more properly refer ved for Evidence and Defence in a future Stage of this Proceeding; he will endeavour, as much as possible, to confine his Answer to a plain Denial or Admission of the Fasts in the said Articles stated, and in general to abstain from all Exposition and Detail of the Measures and Fasts themselves, and of the Motives from which the same originated, except where such Exposition and Detail are immediately necessary for the Purpose of rendering his Answer intelligible; and he humbly hopes, that your Lordships Justice will not suffer any Conclusions to be drawn to his Disadvantage from such his Answer to the said Articles, but will allow him to enter into such Exposition and Detail, when he shall hereafter be permitted to make his Defence at your Lordships Bar. And further, inasmuch as many of the Fasts in the said Articles stated or referred to, did not fall within the personal Knowledge of the said Warren Hajiings, and could only be known to him by Intelligence transmitted to him by other Persons, the said Warren Hajiings humbly presumes to hope, that the Admissions and Denials by him made will, in such Cases, be construed only to mean that Intelligence was by him received to the Effect stated in his laid Answer. And further, inasmuch as several Fasts and Circumstances stated in the said Articles are complicated with various Aggravations and Inferences, so as to render it extremely difficult for him to acknowledge some of such Fasts and Circumstances, without acknowledging, or seeming to acknowledge, the Inferences drawn therefrom, or the Aggravations wherewith they are accompanied, the said N Hajiings further hopes that he may, without any Violation of the ordinary Course of your Lordships Proceedings, be. allowed to distinguish between Acts themselves, and the Inferences drawn from them by the said Articles} and that whenever he admits any Fast, he may not be understood to admit that such Fast was by him done or committed upon such Motives, and with such Designs, or in such Manner, as is suggested in the said Articles. And with these Re-fervations, as to so much of the said Articles as it is material or necessary for him to answer, the said Warren Hajiings answers as follows:

FIRST ARTICLE.

To the First Article the said Warren Hajiings fays, That Rajah Bulwant Sing, therein named, was not a Chief in any Sense of the Word, which imports independent and sovereign Power, nor was he a Zemindar of certain Provinces, as in the said Article is alledged, dependent upon the Mogul Empire, through Sujab Dowla, Nabob of Oude, and Vizier of the said Empire: And the said Warren Hajiings fays, that in or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, the Piefidenr and Council of Fort William

K did

54 5 Decembris. 1 1787.

did declare, that the said Bulwant Sing having, in Sujawhereby the said Donald granted

the Course of the War between the East India Com- and confirmed the'Affairs of the Zemindary and pany and Sujab Dowla,acted a wavering and double Takud of the Sircar of Benares, and other Districts

Part, wasj in their Opinion, a Person in whom no therein mentioned and described to have been under , Confidence ought to be placed: And the said Prefi- the Charge of Rajah Bulwant Sing, to the said Rajah dent and Council did, in their Instructions to Major Ch Sing, upon their former Footing, excepting HeStor Munro, Who then commanded the Troops of only the Increase of Relit hereinbefore mentioned: the said Company, signify their Desire, that, in case And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that by the said the said Butwant Sing had not been permitted to join Agreement, to which he craves Leave to refer, it the said Major Munro, and the Forces under his Com- was, amongst other Things, provided, that ho In* mand, or in case the said Major Munro had not en- crease of the said Relit Should be ever demanded, tered into any Engagements with the said Bulwant which said Agreement was expressed to be made be-Sing,he should be dispossessed of the Country which tween the said Nabob Sujab ul Dowla and his Heirs, he held, and that his Person should, if possible, be and the said Cheyt Sing and his Heirs: And the said > secured: And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, Warren Hajlings did, by an Engagement in Writing, that it appears, by the Public Correspondence of the assure the said Cheyt Sing, that so long as he should Presidcncy at Fort William of that Period, that the make the Payments to the Vizier* which were thereby said Bulwant Sing having made certain Proposals to established, the Company would attend to his Wei-the said Major Munro, who agreed to accept the fame, fare, and afford him their Care and Protection, and the said Bulwant Sing did thereby become bound to that in the said Agreements there should nevcf be any

join, and did, in fa&, join the Forces under the Com- Breach or Deviation.

mand of the said Major Munro j but that he did af- And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that he was

terwards, in Violation of his said Engagement, desert bound to afford the Protection of the East India Com-

from the British Army, and did not return till after pany to the said Rajah, and to prevent the Vizier the Defeat of the said Sujab Dowla by the Forces of from breaking through, or deviating from, the said the said Company i That it also appears that the said Treaties, so long as they were faithfully observed by Bulwant Sing was again received back, on the Faith of the said Cheyt Sing.

certain Promises made by General Carnac and Randolph And the said Warren Hajlings further admits, that Marriott, Esquire, who concluded an Agreement with the Resident at the Court of Oude did, some Time in the said Bulwant Sing, without the Knowledge and the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-Privity, and contrary to the Sentiments and Wilhes five, by the Directions of the Governor General and of the President and Council $ and that the said Prefi- Council, the said Warren Hajlings being then Gover-dent and Council did shortly afterwards declare thp nor General, interfere, for the Purpose of preventing said Bulwant Sing to be a Person in whom no Confi- the said Vizier from levying a Sum of Money from dence could be safely placed, and with whom no the said Cheyt Sing, on account of the Relit payable Agreement ought to have been made; but that, as he for the said Districts before the same had become dues. hid been received back on the Faith of Promises and believes that the said Resident did, at the same made by the said General Carnac and the said Randolph Time, make Declarations to the said Vizier, to the Marriott, the President and Council resolved to abide Effect stated in the said First Article, by the fame, though they wished none had been And the said fays, That the above

made: And the said Warren Hajlings further faith. Stipulations in Favour of the Rajah, were fully known, that he knows of no other Manner in which the said to, and ratified and confirmed by him the said Warren Bitlwant Sing attached himself to the British Nation, Hajlings and the said Council; but the said Warren nor in which he was of Service to the Affairs and In- Hajlings does not know that any other Stipulations interests of Great Britain, though the said Warren Haf- Favour of the said Rajah were ever confirmed or ra-lings admits, that the Court of Directors did declare tified by him the said Warren Hajlings. an Opinion, to the Effect stated in the said Article. And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the Board

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That, by a Treaty of Council at Fort William having resolved (he the

of Peace concluded at Allahabad, in the Year One said Warren . dissenting from such Resolution)

thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, between Sujab that the Treaties made with the late Nabob Vizier Dowla, Nudjum ul Dowla, then Nabob of Bengal, and did not remain in force, but expired at his Death, the English Company, the said Sujab Dowla did en- the said Warren Hajlings did in the Course of confi-

gage to continue the said Bulwant Sing in all the Dif- dering what new Treaty should be thereupon nego-tri&s he possessed at the Time he came over to the ciated with the Nabob AJopb ul Dowla, bring for-Nabob JaffierKhan, and the English, on Condition of ward sundry Propofuions, One of which was to the Jirt paying the same Revenue as he had theretofore paid, Effect in the said First Article mentioned, which said and which Country of Benares, and other Districts, last mentioned Proposition was agreed to by the Board, . are, in the Seventh Article of the same Treaty, de- but the same was never afterwards carried into Exe-feribed as being then rented by the said Bulwant Sing: . cution; but for the Particulars of the Proceedings of . And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that the said the said Board relative to that Subject, the said Warren Bulwant Sing retained to his Death the Poff&fion of Hajlings craves Leave to refer to the same when the the said Districts. same shall be hereafter produced. The said Warren

And the said Warrm Hajlings fays, That, by the In- Hajlings further fays, That by a Treaty concluded on . fluence of the British Bengal Government, and in Con- the Twenty-first May, One thousand Seven hundred

sideration of a Nazirannah, or Fine, of Seventeen and Seventy-five, between the Nabob Lacks of Rupees, and an Annual Increase of Two and and the Company, and to which, for the

a Half Lacks of Rupees to the former Relit paid to Contents and Effect chereof, he craves Leave to refer, the Vizier, Rajah Cheyt Sing in the said Article men- the said Nabob did give up unto the said Company tioned, was allowed to hold the said Districts, and all the Districts dependant on Rajah Cheyt Sing, toge-was, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and ther with the Land and Water Duties, and the So-Seventy, inverted with the Government thereof, on vereignty of the said Districts in Perpetuity j and the such Terms as his Father had held the fame, the Dif- said Company were impowered, within One Month ference Of Annual Relit only excepted. and an Half from the Date of the Treaty, to take

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That, in confe- upon themselves the Sovereignty and Possession of the . quence of such Powers as are in the said Article stat- said Districts. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, fd, he did procure an Agreement from the Nabob that at a Meeting of the Board of Council, held the

§ Twelfth

28 Geo. III. 50 DecembnL 35

Twelfth Day of June, One thousand Seven hundred A^ministration of Justice. And the said Warren and Seventy-five, he the said Warren Hajlings did lay Hajlings did further in express Terms declare, that before the Board for their Consideration a Minute, the said Rajah was bound for the Performance of Duty Rating, amongst other Things, that<{ The Sovereignty as a Vassal to the said Company.

" of the Zcmindary of Benares and its Dependencies And the said Warren further fays. That

" having been ceded in Perpetuity to the Honoura- the said Board did agree to the said Proposal, adding ble Company by the Fifth Article of the Treaty thereto, that a Compensation Should be demanded of lately formed with the Nabob Afopb 6 Dowla,it the said Rajah for the Cutwally.

" became immediately necessary to determine in what And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That he Manner that Right should be exercised, and the did propose that Sunnuds should be granted to the regular Payment of the Revenue due from the said Rajah, specially conferring upon him the Power Rajah secured. — The Governor General moved that of appointing Officers to the Charge of the Cutwally the Subject Should be taken into Consideration of and the Mint of the latter to be subject to

" the Board, and submitted to their Correction and such Orders and Regulations as the Governor Gene- Approval a Plan of Settlement with Rajah Cheyt ral and Council Should at any Time think it proper, Sing, to be observed until the Pleasure of the Com- to decree; and he did further propose, that the said pany respecting it should be known; declaring his Rajah Should hold his Right to the said Mint, on " Readiness to acquiesce in any-other which might Condition of his faithful Observance of such Regube proposed on Terms by which more effectual lations. But the said Warren Hajlings denies that by Provision might be made for t;he Interest of the such Proposal he did intend to convey to the said Company, without an Encroachment on the just Cheyt Sing any Rights inconsistent with the Sovereign Rights of the Rajah, or the Engagements actually Power of the said Company over his said Possessions; " subsisting with him." for the said Warren Hajlings did on the contrary cx-

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That by pressly declare, and enter such his Opinions upon the the Plan laid before the Council at Fort William inConfultations of the Council, that the Grant of the Bengal, upon that Occasion, several Propositions were said Offices to the said Rajah by special Sunnuds, suggested as a Plan of Settlement with Rajah Cheyt would be a sufficient Expression of the Sovereignty of Sing, in consequence of the Gession made by the the said Company; to which the said Nabob AJopb ul Dowla to the East India Company, of did add, that the solemn Renunciation of the said

the Sovereignty of the Poffdfions which the said Sovereignty, made by the Nabob of Oude, was the Cheyt Sing then held- But the said Warren Hajlings best and most valid Charter under which it could be denies that the said Propositions were laid before the claimed; and that while the said Company had Three Board for the Purpose of carrying into Effect any Brigades, and a full Treasury to assist it, there was Intention of the Board to render the said Rajah more no Fear that their Right to it would be opposed by independant, or that the said Board had, by any R.e- Reasonings, drawn' from' implied Symbols of Do-solution or Public Act, subseauent to the said Cession minion. 1

so made as aforesaid-, manifdted any such Intention. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That the And as to the Intention or Opinion of the indivi- Board did afterwards agree to the Terms Of the said dual Members who composed the said Board, Colonel Proposal respecting the Cutwally and the Mint, ad-jMcnJcn, then being of the said Council, did, in con- ding thereto a Condition, that the Rajah Should pay fidenng the said Propositions, enter, upon the Con- an Annual Compensation to' the Company for such fultations of the said Council, his Opinion, that no Cutwally and Mint, and oblige himself to coin Money Concession Should be made to the said Rajah, but that of the precise Standard only, which Should be fixed he ihoujld remain exactly in the same State of Depen- by the Board.

dance and Subordination to the Company as he was And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That having in to the Nabob j and General Clavering, being also submitted to the Consideration of the Board certain of the said Council, did likewise enter his Opinion, Propositions connected with, and dependant on each that the Rajah Should hold his Zemindary of the other, as forming a general Plan of Settlement be-Company on the same Footing precisely that he held tween the said Cheyt Sing and the East India Company, it of the late Nabob j and that if the Administration which Propositions afterwards underwent material Al~ of Justice were given him, a suitable Equivalent terations by the Board, he did, amongst the rest, and Should be obtained equal to the Advantages that as Part of his original Propositions, recommend, that might accrue to him from it. But the said Warren while the Rajah Should continue faithful to the En-Hajtings fays, that it was his Object in proposing the gagements thereby proposed to be required from the said Plan, to render the Rajah more independant than said Rajah, and while he Should continue punctual in he had been, and to prevent him from being reduced his Payments, and (hotild pay due Obedience to the to what he the said Warren Hajlings did call the Authority of the Court, no more Demands Should be mean and depraved State of a mere Zemindar, and made upon him of any Kind by the said Company } to raise him to a Situation of Power and Dignity nor, upon any Pretence whatsoever, Should any Per-unknown to any of his Ancestors; but the said War- son be allowed to interfere with his Authority, or to ren Hajlings denies that he did thereby intend in any disturb the Peace of his Country. And the said Degree to weaken or diminish the Right of Sovereignty Warren Hajlings fays, that the Resolutions formed by belonging to the said Company over the Possessions the said Board of Council were ordered to be com-and Government of the said Rajah, or to change the municated to the said Rajah Cheyt Sing, by Francis Nature of the Relation in which the said Rajah then Esquire, the then Resident at Benares, who

Hood to the said Company, as holding Poflfeifiohs was at the same Time directed to notify to the said subject to their Sovereignty, or to supersede or dif- Cheyt Sing the Sovereignty of the said Company over penfc with any of the Duties which as a Vassal, and all the Territories of his said Zemindary, and to rein respect of his said Tenure, he then owed to the ceive from him, on accounc of the said Company, said Company } for the said Warren Hajlings did ex- and in their Name, a Nuzcrrannah, or Acknowledg-pressly and in Terms propose, that the said Rajah ment of his Vassalage.

Should be empowered to exercise a complete and un- And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That controuled Authority over his Zemindary, under the he did, in Effect, declare, in proposing the said Plan, acknowledged Sovereignty of the Honourable Com- that the voluntary Restraint which the said Govern-pany in the Government of the Country, dependant ment of the said Company would, if the same was on him in the Collection of the Revenue and in the carried into Execution,- lay on its own actions, was

calculated

5* Decemhris. 1787.

calculated to produce the Effects in the said First Ar- hundred and Seventy-eight, he did, on the Eleventh tide mentioned. And the said Warren Hastings fays, of the same Month, write a Letter to the said Rajah,

that he did propose, as Part of his said Plan, that in of which the following is a Copy: return for certain Concessions to be made to the said.

Chcyt Sing, and for the Performance of his Duty as a o aja Mg.

Vassal to the Company, the said Rajah should engage ' War having been declared between the Courts

to maintain in constant Pay, and ready at all Times " of Great Britain and by the former on the

for immediate Service, such Body of Cavalry, and " Eighteenth of March, and by the latter on the

upon such Terms, as are in the said First Article " Thirtieth of March-, I am to request of you, in

mentioned; but the said Warren Hastings fays, that he my own Name, and that of the Board, as a Subject ' did not at the Time of proposing the said Plan de- " of the Company, bound to promote their Interest: clare, that it was far from his Intention to propose " on every Occasion, to contribute your Share of the the above, or any other Article, to be imposed on " Burthen of the present War, which will equally

the said Rajah by Compulsion: But the said Warren " affect your Interest and ours. It has been deter-

Hastings fays, that he did make such Declaration at a " mined by the Board, that an Establishment of subsequent Period, viz.in the Month of July, One " Three regular Battalions of Sepoys, to be com-thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five. And the " manded by British Officers, be raised and main-said Warren Hastings further admits, that the Board " tained at your Expence, and employed on such did finally resolve, in or about the Month of July, in " Service as the Situation of Affairs may require. I the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- " have no Doubt but, regarding this Measure equally five, that it should be recommended to the said Cheyt," conducive to your own and the Company’s In-

to keep up Two thousand Cavalry, to be disciplined " terest, you will, with the greatest Readiness, corn-after the European Manner; but that there should be ply j and I hope you will intimate your Consent

no Obligation on him so to do. " without Delay."

And the said Warren Hastings further fays. That neither by all or any of the several Atts, Agree- And the said further fays. That he

ments, Treaties, or Stipulations above-mentioned, did receive from the said Sing the following

nor by any other within the Knowledge of the said Answer to the said Letter: " I have been honoured Warren Hastings, was the said Cheyt Sing under the " by the Receipt of your gracious Letter, communi-Authority of the East India Company confirmed and " eating the Intelligence of a War having broke out secured in the free and uncontrouled Authority in " between the Courts of Britain and France, the Regulations and Government of his Zemindary, *f and desiring me to take on myself a Share of the in the Manner and to the Extent Hated in the said " Burthen of the Expence. My Patron, I am the First Article. <c Servant of the Sircar; I will write you more fully

The said Warren Hastings fays, That he was bound " hereafter. On all Occasions I am hopeful of your by the Duties of his Office, and by the Ties of Juf- " Highness’s Favour and Support." And the said tice and Public Faith, to adhere to every Treaty, Warren Hastings fays, that he did, upon the Seven-Stipulation, and Engagement, subsisting between the teenth of August, One thousand Seven hundred and Company and the said Rajah, according to the plain Seventy-eight, lay before the Board the said Letter; Sense and true Understanding thereof, so long as the and did at the same Time inform the Board, as the said Rajah should on his Part faithfully discharge the said Warren Hastings avers the said to have been, that Duties resulting from his Relation to the said Com- having called upon the Rajah’s Vackeel for an Ex-pany. planation of his Matter’s further Sentiments upon the

And the said Warren Hastings further fays, That on Subject of it, he was assured by the said Vackeel that or about the Seventh Day of July, One thousand the said Rajah was at all Times- ready to pay Obe-Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, Intelligence was dience to the Commands of the Board, and to afford received by the Governor General and Council, of a every Proof of his Attachment to the Company; and War between Great Britain and France-, and the Go- that the Rajah had authorized him to declare his Ac-vernor General and Council deeming such Intelli- qutefcence in the Requisition of a Subsidy, equal to gence authentic, the said Warren Hastings did, in the Expence of Three Battalions of Sepoys, for the consequence thereof, on the Ninth Day of the same Service of the War; and that the said Vackeel con-Month, amongst other Measures, propose, and it was tended much for fixing the Sum of the Subsidy at by the said Board accordingly resolved, Three Lacks of Rupees; but he the said Warren

" That Rajah Cheyt Sing should be required, in Hastings having told him it could not be less than " Form, to contribute his Share to the Burthen of Five, the said Vackeel did consent, in the Name of " the War, by the EstabWIhment of Three regular the said Rajah, and in virtue of the Authority which " Battalions of Sepoys, to be raised and maintained he derived from him, to the Payment of that Sum,

" at his Expence: And the said Warren Hastings was, for One Year, alledging that his Authority extended " as Governor General, requested to write to the said no further. And the said Warren Hastings further " Cheyt Sing to that Effect." fays, that it was unanimously resolved at the said

And the said Warren Hastings denies that he did Board, that the Subsidy to be paid by the said Rajah propole the said Resolution, or concur therein, in for the Maintenance of Three Battalions of Sepoys, Breach of any Duty or Trust reposed in him, or in during the War, should be fixed at the Annual Sum contradiction to any Treaty, Stipulation, or Engage- of Five Lacks of Mucklidar Rupees; and that he ment, existing between the said Company and the should be immediately required to pay that Sum said Rajah, or from all or any of the corrupt or cri- into the Hands of the Resident, Mr. Graham. And minal Motives, or with any of the Views in the said the said Warren Hastings further fays, thac the said First Article charged upon him. And the said War- Resolution was communicated to the said Cheyt Sing, ren Hastings further denies, that the State of the Trea- who, after various Attempts to delay the Payment of fury was such as to render the said Measure unnecef- the said Sum, on the Plea of Inability, did at length fary, or that there were any other Persons in Situa- pay it, in conformity to the said Resolution. And tiens similar to that of the said Cheyt Sing, upon whom the said Warren Hastings denies that the said Sum of any Levy or Demand of Contribution then could or Money was extorted from the said Cheyt Sing, or thac ought to have been made. And the said Warren HaJ- the said Warren Hastings is in any Manner criminal in tings further fays, that in pursuance of the said Vote respect to the Demand or Receipt thereof, or that in of Council of the Ninth of July, One thousand Seven the Whole, or any Part of the said Measure, he was

4 actuated

actuated by any of the corrupt Motives or Views in the said First Article charged upon him. And the said Warren Hajiings further fays, that in or about the Month of July, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, it' was unanimously aereed in Council, on the Motion of the said Warren that the said Cheyt Sing Should be required to contribute the Sum of Five Lacks, as his Share for the Expence of the War for the current Year; and it was at the same Time agreed that the Governor General and Council Should be required to write to the said Rajah Cheyt Sing, acquainting him that the Period of One Year, for which he had agreed to pay Five Lacks of Mucklidar Rupees, as his Share of the Burthen of the War with France,on the Seventeenth of August% One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-

eight, was expired, and as the Continuation of the War (till made it necessary to maintain the same Establishment of Troops for the Defence of the Country, that the Board deemed it requisite that he Should at that Time contribute the further Sum of Five- Lacks of Mucklidar Rupees, as his Proportion of the Charge for the current Year; and that therefore the Resident had been directed to apply to him for the fame. And the said Warren Hajiings lays, that he did accordingly write a Letter to the said Cheyt Sing, to that Effect. And the said Warren Hajiings infills, that the said Rajah Cheyt Sing was bound to comply with the said Demand, and that he was fully able so to do; notwithstanding which, and although repeated Applications were by the said Resident made to the said Cheyt Sing, for the Payment of the said Sum of Money, the said Cheyt Sing falsely alledged that it was absolutely out of his Power.to raise the Sum required, and did on such Pretence withhold the Payment thereof. And the said Resident having represented to the Board that he had continued to renew the said Demand on the Rajah every Second Day, and finding that he held to the Terms of his First Refusal, and seeing no Probability of a speedy Change in his Sentiments, he was unavoidably reduced to the Necdfity of applying to the Board for farther Instructions; whereupon it became the Duty of the said Warren Hajiings, and of the said Council, to have Recourse to some effectual Method to enforce the Payment thereof; and it was accordingly resolved by the Board, on the Motion of the said Warren that the Commander in Chief Should be directed to issue an Order for the March of Two Battalions of Sepoys to Benares, on the Requisition of Mr. ‘Thomas Graham, and there to remain for the further Orders of the Board that the whole Expence of that Detachment, from the Day of its March, Should be paid by the Rajah of Benares-, that such Resolution Should be communicated to him by the Governor General; and that the Resident Should be ordered to inform the Rajah of it, repeating his Demand for the Sum required; and in case of his Refusal or Non-compliance with the said Demand, the Resident Should give immediate Notice to the Officer in Command of the Detachment, that he might March accordingly. And the said Warren Hajiings further fays, that he did accordingly, by Letter, and by Means of the said Resident, apprize the said Rajah of such Resolution, who having afterwards promised to pay the said Sum, did notwithstanding renew his said false Pretence of Inability, and withhold the Payment thereof, to the great Injury of the public Service j whereupon the said Resident, in pursuance of the aforesaid Directions of the Board, did require Major Carnac to March to Benares with the Detachment under his Command; and the said Sum of Five Lacks was, in consequenpe thereof, paid in full by the said Cheyt Sing, together with the Expence incurred by the March of the said Detachment. And the said Warren Hajiings further fays, that in the Month of August, One thousand Vot. XLIII.

Seven hundred and Seventy-eight,-Advices were sent by the Governor General and Council to the said Court of Directors, containing an Account of the Measures pursued by the Board upon the Receipt of the Intelligence of a War in Europe, One of which Measures was the said First Demand of Subsidy from the said Cheyt Sing, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, and which Measure had been, by a Minute at the Board, referred to the said Court for their Decision on the Right to demand the fame.- And the said Warren Hajiings further fays, that on or about the Month of One thousand

Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, Letters were received from the said Court of Directors, acknowledging the Receipt of the said Advices; but in the said Letters the said Court of Directors did not express any Disapprobation either of the Demand itself, or of the Right to make or enforce the fame. And the said Warren Hajiings further fays, that afterwards, on Twenty-second June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, the Governor General and Council, he being then Governor General, did again unanimously resolve to demand from the said Rajah Cheyt Sing, a further Sum of Five Lacks of Rupees; and which was accordingly demanded on account of the same Exigencies as had occasioned the Demands made in the Two preceding Years. And the said Warren Haf-tings fays, that the said Cheyt Sing did, on the said Demand being made known to him, consent and promise to comply with the fame; but notwithstanding such Promise and Consent, he did again, under various false Pretences, delay and withhold the Payment of the said Sum, to the great Detriment of the public Service; whereupon the said Governor General and Council did, on the Motion of the said Hajiings, unanimously order that Mr. Fowke, then Resident at Benares, Should inform the Rajah that the Board were much displeased with his affeded Delays, knowing his Ability to make the immediate Payment of the Subsidy; and that the said Resident Should peremptorily require him to discharge the fame. And the said Warren Hajiings further fays, that afterwards, on the Twenty-sixth OAober, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, the Board having been inform-,ed, by a Letter from the said Resident, that the Rajah, notwithstanding his solemn Assurance, had paid no Part of the Balance of his Subsidy, but had resumed his Plea of Inability, and that the said Resident could form no Opinion how long the said Cheyt Sing might think proper to protrad the Payment, the said Board did, on the Recommendation of the said Warren HaJ-tings, resolve that the said Resident Should be directed to demand instant Payment of the Balance due on Account of the Subsidy of the said Cheyt Sing-, and that, if he Should not have paid it at the Time of the Receipts of their Order, that the said Resident Should, in the Name of the Board, exact Payment of the further Sum of One Lack of Rupees, as a Fine for his past Disobedience; and that, to enforce such Order, Brigadier General Should be directed to issue Orders to the Commanding Officers of the Battalions of the nearest Station to Benares, to march immediately to that Place, and to wait such Orders -as might be thereafter transmitted to them; and that, in the mean Time, the Board Should be informed of the Reception given by the Rajah to that Order, which, it was hoped, might be such as Should render it unnecessary to proceed to Extremities against him: But the said Warren Hajiings fays, that the said Balance being discharged, the proposed Fine was not then levied. And with respect to so much of the said First Article as relates to the said Sum of Two Lacks of Rupees therein stated to have been privately received by the said Warren Hajiings, from a Person named Sadanund, Buxey or Treallirer to the said Rajah, as a Present or Bribe, and which, by the said

L First:

tirft Article, is supposed to have been given on the Account therein dated, the said Warrtn (re-

ferring to his Answer herein after made in that Behalf) denies that the fame, or any other Sum of Money* was ever received by him as a Bribe* or for his own Use, or for any corrupt or criminal Purpose whatsoever, or was ever so applied.

And the said Warren H faith, That On or about the Second November, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, it was agreed in Council that he the said WarreH Hastings Should be requested to write

to the Rajah of Benares, requiring him to furnish such Part of the Cavalry entertained in his Service as he could sparc for the Service of the Company, and to inform the said Warren Hastings what Number he the said Rajah could supply; and it was likewise agreed, that a Letter should be written to Mr. the Resident at Benares, directing him to make the said Requisition; and the said Resident was directed to inform the Rajah, that the said Force would be no longer required than during the Continuance of the War which then existed, and that it would be returned at the Clofc of it; which Requisitions were accordingly made; and the said Warren Hastings avers that the same were, in the then State of the Company’s Affairs, expedient and necessary to be made; and he denies that the Resolution last mentioned was made, or that he proposed or concurred therein, in Prosecution of any malicious or criminal Design whatsoever.

And the said Warren Hastings denies, That he did enter into any Negociation with the Nabob of for the Sale of the said Territories to the said Vizier for a Sum of Money to be paid to th India Company, as in the said Article is alledged but the said Warren Hastings insists that if he had entered into a Negociation with the said Vizier on this Subject, that he would not have been thereby guilty of any Act in Defiance of the Letter or Spirit of any Treaty, or Agreement, then subsisting between the said Rajah and the East India Company.

And the said Warren Hastings fays. That he did some Time in the Month of January, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, in consequence of repeated Repreferttations, the Truth where, of he had then sufficient Reason to believe, write a Letter to the said Rajah Cheyt Sing, which he conceives to be alluded to in the said First Article, of which the following is a Copy: " Frequent Representations " having been made to me of the Want of Punduality in the Payment of your Malguzary, that Part " more particularly which is designed for the Dif-u bursement of Seidut Ally Khan’s Salary; and it " having at this Time more than any other a bad and " suspicious Appearance, I do peremptorily order that " all Arrears of whatsoever Kind be paid up within " Twenty-four Hours after the Receipt of this Per- wanna, or you must expect that bad Consequences " will follow." And the said Warren Hastings denies that the said Letter was written with any of the criminal Motives or Designs in the said Article charged upon him, or that he was in any other Manner criminal in rel'ped thereof. And the said Warren Hastings further fays, that in or about the Month of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, it was resolved in Council, amongst other Things, that he the said Warren Hastings should be inverted with full Power and Authority to form such Arrangements with the Rajah of Benares for the better Government and Management of his Zemindary, and to perform such Acts for the Improvement of the Interest which the Company poflcITcd in it, as he the said Warren Hastings might think fit and consonant to the mutual Relation, and actual Engagements, subsisting between the Company and the said Rajah. And the said Warren Hastings-, admits that he did concur in the said Resolution, but

he denies that he did thereby invert himself with ait illegal or dangerous Delegation of the Powers of the whole Council, without any Authority given to him so to do by the East Ihdia Company, or by any Act of Parliament; or that the said Delegation was in any Manner illegal or dangerous, of unwarrantable: And further the said Warren Hastings admits, that he did Undertake a Journey to the Upper Provinces, and in particular to the Province of Benares but he denies that he undertook the said Journey from the Motives, or with the Designs, in the said First Article alleged.

And the said Witrreh Hastings further denies, That he did, in Prosecution of any false, wicked, or malicious Pretences* or wantonly* arbitrarily, or tyrannically degrade,’ insult, or falsely accuse the said Rajah, as in the said First Article is stated I But the said Warren Hastings admits* that he did charge the said Rajah > with certain Acts of Misgovernment and Difaftedion* and with Breach of Faith and DUtv to the East India Company; which Charges were let forth in a Paper Writing signed by him the said Warren Hastings, and delivered to the said Rajah, and which Charges the said Warren Hastings did then believe, and does now believe to be true: And the said Warren Hastings admits that he the said Rajah did manifest such Behaviour, and use such Expressions, as are in the said First Article stated. But the said Warren Hastings having Reason to distrust the Sincerity of the said Rajah, did, as the Commencement of the Proceedings, which he then deemed, and now insists were necessary and fit to be adopted on the said Occasion, order the said Rajah to be put under Arrest; but he denies that the said Arrest was a Measure of such Nature, or attended with such Circumstances, orprodudive of such Effects, as are stated in the said First Article. And he further fays, that a Party of the Company’s Sepoys having been placed as a Guard over the said Rajah, a Body of Troops in his Pay did, in his Presence, attack the said Guard, the greatest Part of which Guard, both Officers and Men, were either killed or wounded: And the said Warren Hastings denies that the said Attack was of such a Nature* or occasioned by such Circumstances, as are in the said First Article mentioned. And he fays, that during the Continuance of the fame, the said Rajah did, in Breach of the said Arrest, withdraw to a Fort in the Neighbourhood belonging to him the said Rajah.

And the said Warren Hastings admits. That the said Rajah did afterwards fend divers Letters to him the said Warren Hastings, of such Nature as in the said First: Article is stated; to which the said Warren Hastings, for good and sufficient Reasons, did not return any Answer. And the said Warren Hastings admits, that he did impute the said Rebellion to such Designs and to such Intentions of the said Rajah, as are suggested in the said First Article; but he denies that the said Rebellion was raised by any Violence, Breach of Faith, or Oppression, on the Part of him the said Warren Hastings.

And he further denies. That he did unnecessarily or criminally hazard the Safety of the Briiiftj Empire in the East, upon the Event of a Civil War. And the said Warren Hastings say*, that he did, in Discharge of his public Duty, by means of the Company’s Troops, expel the said Rajah from the said Zemindaries, to which he had forfeited his Right: But the said Warren Hastings denies, that, in so doing, he acted wickedly, arbitrarily, or tyrannically. And he further denies, that the subsequent War with the said Rajah was, on the Part of the East India Company, unjull; or that the Consequences which arofs therefrom, are in any Manner imputable to him the said Warren Hastings-, or that he was guilty of any Misconduct, Violence, Tyranny, or Improvidence, in respcfl to the fame. *

x And

And the said Warren Hajlin denies, That he was guilty of any Extortion or Exaction whatsoever} dr that by all or any the aforesaid Acts, Demands, Arrest, or Expul fion of the said Cheyt or in respect of any other Acts or Omissions, he has in any Manner violated the Trust reposed in him, the Faith of Treaties, or has acted contrary to his own Sense of Duty j or that he has in any Manner disgraced or discredited the Character of the Britislo Nation in } or

that he has, by all or any of the aforesaid Acts, been guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

And the said Warren Ila further fays, That after the Company’s Troops had been so cut off, and the said Cheyt Sing had so broken his Arrest at Benares as aforesaid, and whilst the said Cheyt Sing was at the Head of a numerous Force, and carried on War and Rebellion against the said Company, he, the said Warren Hajlings, did direct an Attack to be made upon the

Fort called Bidjegur, in the said Article mentioned; which Fort was garrisoned and defended by the Troops of the said Cheyt Sing, against the Troops of the said Company. And the said Warren ilajlings admits, that, at the Time of such Attack, Panna, the Mother of the said Rajah, and the surviving Women of the Family of Bulwant Sing, were in the said Fort. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that he did give Orders to seize the said Fort} and further, that he did give Orders to seize upon all the Money and Effects that might be found in the said Fort; but he denies that he did issue any Orders, directing that 'the Fort, and all the Property it contained} Should be secured for the Benefit of the Detachment employed in fe-ducing itj or that he did abandon to the Soldiery the Property of the said Women } or that he did in any Manner stimulate the Army to Rapine or Outrage. But the said Warren Ilajlings further fays, that the said Panna having proposed to him to surrender the said Fort and the Treasure therein contained, on certain Conditions specified by herself, he did, in a Letter to Major Popham, declare that he accepted the said Surrender upon those Conditions, provided the Proposal was fully carried into Efteft within Twenty-four Hours after the Time of her receiving his An-lwer thereto} and did at the same Time intimate, that if (he should refuse to execute the Promise so made by herself, or should delay the Execution of it beyond the Time aforesaid, the said Warren would

then consider it as a wanton Affront and Indignity, which he could never forgive. And the said Warren Ilajlings fays, that being at the Distance of several Miles from the said Fort at the Time of the Surrender thereof, he wasi afterwards informed by Major Popham, who then commanded the Company’s Forces at the Siege of the said Fort, that the said Panna having come out of the Fort with her Family and Dependants at a late Hour of the Night, which prevented such Attention being paid to her as he the said Major Popham wished, her People were, notwithstanding all he could do, plundered on the Road of mofl of the Things which they brought out of the Fort, by the Followers of the Army under the Command of the said Major Popham, by which Means one of the Articles of Surrender was much infringedThat the Distress he Major Popham felt upon that Occasion could not be expressed, and could only be allayed by a firm Performance of the other Articles of the Treaty, which he would make it his Business to enforce.

And the said Warren Ilajlings fays. That upon the Receipt of the Letter last mentioned, he wrote to the said Major Pcpbutn, expressing the Concern of him the said Warren Hajlings,that the Licentloufness of any Persons under the Command of the said Major Popham Should have given Cause to complain of the Infringement of the smallest Article of the said Capi-

tulation; and hoping that he would discover the Offenders, and oblige them to make Restitution, and also to punish them in the most exemplary Manner; and declaring, that he relied on the Humanity and Justice of the said Major Popham to make all the Recompence in his Power, by a scrupulous Attention to enforce the Performance of the remaining Stipulations in Favour of the said Panna.And the said Warren Hajlings believes, that an adequate Compenfacion was afterwards, in consequence of such Letter, made to the Persons plundered.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he did ever give any Licence or permission to the Soldiers to plunder, or that he did ever make any such Declaration of Right as in the said First Article is alledged; but he fays, that having received Information that the Property captured in the said Fort had been in Part distributed among the Officers and Troops present at the Capture of the fame, he did, on the Fourteenth November, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, write a Letter to the said Major Popham concerning such Subject, in which, amongst other Things, he wrote as follows: "The Subject on which lam " now to write is a very disagreeable and painful one " to me, but indispensable. I have received Information which, though private, is certainly authentic, that you have already distributed one Dividend " of the Treasure found in Bidjjgur among the Officers and Troops on the Spot. If this be true,* I " am very sorry for it, as on many Considerations it " appears to me, that such Distribution is premature. " I apprehend that it is a Propoficion not to be disputed, that every Thing acquired by the Army of a State, belongs to the Stare which employed those " Arms. By Charters and Acts of Parliament, the rt foie Right to all Conquests or Captures made by " the Company’s Arms, is vested in the Company. a It was, however, my Intention to have used my " utmost Authority and Influence to have obtained " for the Troops engaged in the Service against Cheyt " Sing, the whole Booty which might be found in Bidjygur, or other Places. I regarded it as the due " Reward of their Services and Recompence of their Sufferings} but I never meant that they should " seize it, and scramble for it. Besides, if the actual " Right was in the Army at a Time like this, when " the Exigencies of the Company are so great, surely " they might have e'xpefted to have benefited by the " immediate Use of it as a Loan. I had, I must " own, such Confidence in your Discretion, that I " did expect, if the Treasure found in the Fort should prove very considerable, you would not have proceeded to any Distribution of it, until you had re- " ported the Amount to the Board, and obtained " their Sanction for appropriating it to the Troops, " or at least that you would have represented it to me, " as I am so near you."

And the said Warren Hajlings did in the same Letter further add, " I must therefore require of you to susperid any further Distribution or Dividend, until " the Orders of the Board respecting it are received; " and I desire you will order and require the Officer* " who have already lhared, to refund the Sums which " they have respectively received, and acquaint them, " if they do nor, they will be responsible to Government} and that such Sums, as well as what shall remain, are and must be subject to the final Decision of " the Board."

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he was guilty of any Breach of Faith with the said Troops, or of any Breach of Duty to his Constituents} or that he has pretended to, or pursued, any dishonourable Object; or that he has been guilty of any Act of Injustice; or that in all or any of the Matters aforesaid, he has been guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

And

40 5° Decembris. 1787.

And the said Warrtn Hastings fays, That after the due to the Company on account of the said Tribute.

Expulsion of the Rajah Cheyt Sing from the Dominions And the said Warren I hi flings further fays. That after

of Benares,he did, without any previous Communi- the said Durbedjy Sing had been removed from his Of-

cation with the other Members of the Council, but in fice, and a Successor appointed thereto, the Widow of

virtue of a competent Authority then veiled in him for that Purpose, nominate and appoint Rajah rain, the next Heir to the Zemirtdary of , to

the immediate Government of the fame, and did appoint his Father, Durbedjy Sing, Administrator of his Authority, and did continue William Esquire, in the Office of Resident on the Part of the Company.

And the said Warren Hastings denies, That any Treaty or Agreement ever subsisted between the Britt fh Nation and the People of or that the said

People were ever considered, or did in fast constitute a. State or independant Power; but he fays, that the Grant whereby the said CheytSing held the Possession of the said Zemindary, having been forfeited as aforesaid, it became necessary to form a new Settlement of the said Zemindary; in consequence of which the said Warren Hastings did, by virtue of the Authority aforesaid, frame such Regulations, and make such Agreements as to him appeared necessary and proper. And he fays, that the Tribute was raised to the Amount dated in the said Article j and that the Duties before imposed upon Goods and Merchandizes were by him reduced to certain fixed Tables and Rates j but he denies, that any Measures adopted by him, on that Occasion, were arbitrary or tyrannical, wanton or illegal, or were in any other RespeCl of the Nature, or attended with the Consequences, dated in the said First Article.

And the said Warren Hastings denies, That he did dispose of, as his own, the Property within the said Provinces; but he admits that he did grant Pensions to certain Persons, who he alledges were justly intitled thereto: And he begs Leave further to represent, that the Whole of his Conduct in the several Measures above specified having been communicated by him the said Warren Hastings to the Council at Calcutta, they did fully approve of, and ratify the fame.

The said Warrtn Hastings fays, That he did, in the Year. One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, continue his Correspondence with William Markham, Esquire, then Resident at Benares, and in consequence of Representations from the said Resident, that the new Relit or Tribute was then in Arrear, and that the Affairs of the Province were likely to fall into Confu-fion, the said Warrtn Hastings being then at too great a Distance to consult the other Members of the Board, and fearing that dangerous Consequences would happen from such Delay as was necessary for the Purpose of communicating with the Council, did authorize and empower him, the said William , to re-

move the said Durbedjy Sing from his Office, and to deprive him of the Official Allowance for the fame; which Measure being afterwards notified to the Council, together with the Reasons for the fame, the said Council did entirely approve thereof.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That in consequence of the Representations aforesaid, and of other Information to the same Effect, he did direct the said Markham to take proper Measures for preventing the Flight of the said Durbedjy Sing, and the Removal of his F ffeds; whereupon the said Markham did deem it necessary to confine the said Durbedjy Sing in his own House, in which Confinement he was afterwards continued by the Orders of the Board: And the said Warren Hastings denies that the said Confinement was attended with Violence or Cruelty, or that the Nonpayment of the said Tribute was only a Pretence for the said Confinement; for the said Warren Hastings fays, that the said Durbedjy Sing was then considerably in Arrear, in respect of Money by him received, and

Bulwant Sing, and the Rajah Mahipnarain, did write a

Letter, in which, amongst other Things, they did ac-cufe the said Markham of being the Cause of the Delay in the Payment of the Tribute aforesaid, and infill upon the Innocence of the said Durbedjy . And he fays, that having sufficient Reason to believe the aforesaid Representation of the said Markham to be true, and to disbelieve the Charges brought against him in the said Letter, he the said Warren Hastings and the Council did not deem any particular Inquiry necessary relative to the fame; but he denies that he did make any Accusation against the said Widow of the said Rajah for having preferred such Charges, though he admits, that he had, prior to the Receipt of such Charges, declared his Opinion of the Presumption of the said Widow and the said Rajah Mahipnarain on a former and different Occasion.

And the said Warren Hastings further fays. That the said Durbedjy Sing was afterwards, by the Authority of the Board, and, at a Period subsequent to the Resigna-tien of the said Warren Hastings, and his Departure for Europe, continued in Confinement for the same Causes which had originally rendered such Confinement necessary.

And the said Warren Hastings further fays. That the said Markham being authorized by him the said Warren Hastings, under the Circumstances aforesaid, to nominate a Naib to the Rajah in the Room of him the said Durbedjy Sing, did bellow the said Office upon a certain Person named "flagger Deo Seo, who did afterwards distress and harrass the Inhabitants of the said Province; but the said Warren Hastings denies, that the said stagger Deo Seo was by him, the said Warren Hastings, ever obliged to distress or harrass the Inhabitants of the said Province. And the said Warren Hastings admits, that he did some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, being then at Lucknow, recommend to the Board the Measure of removing the said stagger Deo Seo from his said Office on account of certain Irregularities and Oppressions by him committed, and that he was accordingly removed therefrom. But the said Warren Hastings denies that the Irregularities and Oppressions alledged upon that Occasion were merely a.Pretence for the Removal of the said stagger Deo Seo, or that they were in any Degree imputable to him the said Warren Hastings. And the said Warren Hastings denies that he was guilty of any arbitrary, illegal, unjust, or tyrannical Acts whatsoever, or that any Measures by him adopted or enforced, were productive of any such Consequences as are Hated in the said First Article. And he further denies, that in all or any of the Premises, he was or is guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

SECOND ARTICLE.

And the said Warren Hastings, in Answer to the said Second Article, fays, That he believes the Mother and Grandmother of the present Vizier ul Dowla,

Nabob of Oude, are Women of high Rank, Family, and Distinction; but he has been informed, and believes, that Suffdar flung, Father of Sujah ul Dow.'a, and

Grandfather of the present Nabob of Oude, did not first obtain his Rank amongst the Princes of by

means of his Alliance with the Grandmother of the present Nabob, although that Alliance might materially contribute to his Rank and Consequence.

The said Warren Hastings fays, That the said Mother and Grandmother of the said AJoph ul Dowla were in Possession of certain Jaghires, and of certain large public Treasures, which he has been informed and be- lieves

lieves did belong to Sujab late Nabob of

Oude, and were the aggregate Surplus of his National Revenues, and other Funds collected to supply expected Emergencies, and by him deposited in the Hands of his laid Wife, commonly called the Bhow Begum, as a Trull, and for the Purpose of Custody only, neither given to her in his Life-time, nor bequeathed to her by Will.

And the said Warren Hajling fays, That Mr. iow, Resident at Oude, did, by sundry Letters to the Governor General and Council, inform them, that he had, at the Instance of the Nabob AJopb Dowla, then considerably in Debt to the India Company, made an Application to the said Bhow Begum to assist him with a Sum of Money, representing, amongst Other Things, the Distresses of the said Nabob, and his Right to the said Treasures.

And the said Warren Hajl fays. That the said Bristow did further represent, that the said Begum did, in Answer to the said Application, declare to the Effect in the said Second Article Hated.

And the said Warren Hajl fays. That the said Bristow did likewise represent, that an Agreement was afterwards concluded between the said Vizier and the said Begum, by the Terms of which, the Nabob acknowledged that he had taken from his Mother Thirty Lacks of Rupees, on Account of present, and Twenty-six Lacks, on Account of former Debts, in Specie, Goods, Jewels* Elephants, Camels, &c. from the Patrimony of his Father: That he had no farther Claim on her, but renounced all further Demands on her, and engaged that he would never molest her in the fenjoyment of the Jaghires conferred on her by his Father, and that he would not in future demand any Lqan from her: That he had no Claim on her, nor would he ever deviate from that Engagement} and to which Agreement, as to the farther Contents thereof, the said Warren Hajlings craves Leave to refer: And the said Bristow did further represent, that such Agreement was solemnly confirmed by the said Vizier, and was guaranteed by him the said on the Part of the East India Company: And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that the Guarantee thereof was afterwards, in November, One thousand Seven hundred and Se-

venty-five, confirmed by the Governor General and Council.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That he was apprized of the Nature and Extent of the said Guarantee, and has declared his Sense of the binding Forc$ and Operation of the fame; and that in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, such Letter, respecting the Protection of the said Begum, was written by the Governor General and Council to Mr. Middleton, then Resident at Oude, as in the said Second Article is set forth.

And he further admits, That the elder Begum was in Possession of certain Jaghires and Effects; and that ihe, in or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, made such Application to the Governor General and Council, through the then Resident Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, respecting the fame, as in the said Second Article is set forth: And that the Governor General and Council, the said Warren Hajlings being then Governor General, did thereupon di-. rect the said Mr. Middleton to make such Representa-. tien to the Nabob as is Hated in the said Article: And the said Warren Hajlings does not know or believe, that any other Interferences, Powers, or Authorities, were made, given, granted, or confirmed by the said Governor General and the said Council for the Purpose aforesaid; and he denies that any Guarantee of the British Nation, or any Guarantee of any Kind whatsoever, was by the Resident under the Authority of the said Warren Hajlings ever pledged to the said elder Begum for her Protection j and the said Warren Hajlings fays, that on the Third of July, One thousand Vol. XLIII.

41

Seven hundred and Eighty-one, it being then deemed necessary that the said Warren Hafttngs Should vilit the Dominions of the Vizier, and the Board of Council ac Calcutta, by the Absence of the Commander in Chief, then confiding of himself and Mr. IVheler only, he did, by a Minute then entered on the Consultations at Bengal, taking Notice of his intended Departure, declare that Mr. IVheler, during his Absence, would tc be by the Confiitution possessed of the full Powers ff of the Governor General and Council of that Go-<f vernment;" and that afterwards an Order was made by the Governor General and Council of Fort William,

" That all such Orders as the said Warren Hajlings " Should think it proper to issue to the Troops Ha-.

" tioned beyond the Provinces, as well in the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier as those which are situ-w ated beyond them, Should be obeyed } and that his " Angle Authority Should be considered and received " as of the same Force as that of the Governor General and Council collectively, until that Order Should be revoked." And it was further ordered, " That " the Military Power vefied in the said Warren " ings as Governor and Commander in Chief of the *( Fortress of Fort William and Town of,

" Should be exercised by Edward Wheler, Esquire, -<c during the Absence of the Governor General." And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he did not then, or at any other Time* confer upon himself a full and complete Delegation of the whole Power and Authority of the Governor General and Council of Fort William, nor was such whole Power or Authority ever in any Manner conferred upon, or delegated to him; but the said Warren Hajlings fays, that certain Powers, which were in the then State of Public Affairs deemed proper and necessary, were vefied in him on that Occassion by certain Credentials given to him under a Resolution of the Board, made on the said Third of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and to which he craves Leave to refer. And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that the Powers, Authority, or Command, so conferred upon him, were conferred upon him by himself, or by his foie Authority, apart from, or independent of that of the Governor General and Council, or that the Powers, Authority, or Command, so conferred, were in any Manner illegal or unwarrantable, or contrary to his Duty, or to the Nature of the Powers antecedently vefied in him. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the said John Bristow, Esquire, who had been nominated and appointed by the Court of Directors to be the Resident at the Court of Oude, was, after such Nomination and Appointment thereto, recalled by the Governor General and Council of Bengal, for Reasons of public Expedience then warranting such Recall.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he did ever arrogate to himself alone the Right of appointing a Resident at the Court of Oude, or that he ever inverted the said Nathaniel Middleton with the said Office by his foie Authority, and without the Concurrence of the rest of the Council j but he fays, that the said Nathaniel Middleton was inverted therewith by the Appointment of the Governor General and Council, with the Powers usually annexed to that Office.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That the Nabob of Oude was dependant upon, or under the Controul of the Governor General of Bengal: And he further denies, that he did by all, or any of the supposed Means stated in the said Article, or by any other, render himself responsible, or that he was in fad respon-fible, for the good Government of the Dominions of the said Nabob.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits. That he was bound by the Ties of Justice and good Faith, by the Duties of his Office, and the Trust reposed in him, to adhere to Treaties entered into, and guaranteed by the East India Company, or the Nation, and to at-

M tend

tend to the Happine/s and Security of the Properties, PoflVfiions, Liberties, and Lives of those who were subject to the British Power in India,

And the said Warren Ha flings fays, That under the above-mentioned Delegation of Authority, which he avers was legally made to him, he did, in the Prosecution of certain Objects mentioned in his Minute, dated the Twenty-first Day of , in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, undertake a Journey to the Upper Provinces, and did meet the aforesaid Nabob of Oude at a certain Place called Chu-nar, and jdid there enter into a Treaty or Agreement with the said Nabob, called the Treaty of Chmar; by which Treaty, after reciting, that great Distress had arisen to the Nabob’s Government from the Military Power and Dominion assumed by the Jaghiredars, it was amongst other Things agreed, " that the said Nabob Should be permitted to resume such Jaghires as " he Should find necessary, with a Reserve for all such, " for the Amount of whose Jaghires the Company were Guarantees, who Should, in case of the Re-

fumption of their Lands, be paid the Amount of " their net Collections through the Resident in Moneybut the said Warren denies, that by

entering into a Treaty containing such Permission as aforesaid, he was guilty of any Violation of his Duty, or of the Faith of any Treaties, of the Sanction of the Company’s Guarantee, or of any Disregard to Justice or good Faith, or that the same was by him entered into in any Mariner wickedly, corruptly, or maliciously. And the said Warren Hastings avers, that at the Time of executing the said Treaty, he had sufficient Reason to believe, and did believe, that the Begums had been guilty of such Acts of Public Miscon-auct, as reasonably and justly warranted the making of that Treaty, so far as the same respected the said Begums.

And the said Warren Hastings denies. That he did ever invest the said Middleton with almost an absolute, or with any. Authority over the Dominions of the said Nabob: And he further denies, that the said Nabob was by him, the said Warren Hastings, compelled to become, or ever did become, the Instrument of Outrage or Extortion against his own Parents; or that he did force the said Nabob to yield Acquiescence to the Desires of him the said Warren Hastings, or did force the said Nabob to issue his own Orders for the Purposes in the said Second Article stated. And the said Warren Hastings avers, that the Resumption of the said Estates and Jaghires was, in the then Situation of Affairs, a just, necessary, and expedient Measure, as well on the Part of the Nabob, as of the East India Company j and he admits, that the same was carried into Effect, in a great Degree, by and with the Approbation and Concurrence of him the said Warren Hastings; but he fays, that he neither directly nor indirectly approved or concurred in the Use of any Cruelty for the Purpose of carrying the same into Effect, nor does he believe that any such Cruelty was ever used, nor did he approve nor concur in the Use of any further Violence than was necessary to enable the Nabob to accomplish what the said Warren Hastings then deemed, and Hill deems, to have been a necessary and justifiable Purpose, And the said Warren Hastings denies that, the said Measure was of the Nature, or did prodiice the Effects or Consequences, stated in the said Second Article. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that after the said Measure had been fully carried into Execution, he did, from a Conviction of its Propriety, with the Approbation of the Board, direct the Resident of Oude to use his Influence with the Nabob, to prevent any Restoration of the Jaghires till the Board should be fully apprized of his Intentions on that Subject. And the said Warren Hastings fays, he has been informed, and believes, that the Estates and Jaghires so resumed, were first assigned by the said Nabob to the

Resident in Part-payment of a real and just, and not a pretended or colourable, Debt of the said Nabob to the Company, and that they were finally mortgaged to Shroffs for the Purpose of discharging the said Debt. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that Steps were taken, by the Authority of the said Warren Hastings and the rest of the Board at Calcutta, to procure the Amount of the said Jaghires to be paid to - the said Begums } and he denies that the said Begums were by these Acts reduced to Difficulty, Distress, or Want.

And the said Warren Hastings denies, That by all or any of the Acts of Proceedings, or by the Means of effecting the same above dated* he was or is guilty of any Violation of the Guarantee of the said British Nation* or of any Breach of the Treaty of , or of

any Fraud, Violence, Extortion, or Injustice, or of any Crime of Misdemeanor whatsoever.

And the said Warren Hastings fays* That he did, in the Exercise of the Powers legally delegated to him as aforesaid, and not in Violation of any Engagements, nor upon any Pretence false, frivolous, wicked, or malicious, communicate to Mr. Middleton the Resident at the Court of Oude,through Sir Elijah Impey, in the said

Second Article mentioned, his Approbation of a Resolution which the Nabob had formed to resume the Treasures belonging to the late Vizier in the Possession, not of the said Begums, but of the Bhow Begum only, and to appropriate the same to the Discharge of his the said Nabob AJoph ul Debt to the East India Company; which Measure was, in the Judgment of the said Warren Hastings, expedient, just, and necessary: And he denies that any Order, by him given in respect to the said Resolution, was forced upon the said Nabob or that his Consent thereto was obtained in the Manner stated in the said Second Article.

And the said Warren Hastings further fays, That the said Begums being inPoffession of a confiaerable Force, and having made Declarations which denoted an Intention to refill the Troops of the said Nabob, unless the same Should be assisted by the Troops of the Company, the said Warren ILflingsdid, in a Letter from him the said Warren Hastings to the said dleton, dated Twenty-sixth December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, give such Orders as appeared to him proper and necessary for assisting the said Vizier in the Recovery of the said Treasure* and he admits that the said Letter did, among other Things, contain Expressions to the Effect stated in the said Second Article, but to which, for the whole of the Orders by him given upon that Occasion, he craves Leave to refer: And he denies that he did thereby, or by any other Order, stimulate or encourage the said Nathaniel Middleton to any Degree of Outrage or improper Severity, but on the contrary he avers that he did, in the said Letter, declare to the said Nathaniel Middleton that itmuft be his Care to prevent an Abuse of the Powers given to those employed in the said Service, and that he himself ought to be Personally present.

And the said Warren Hastings denies that he did order a large Force to be marched into the Territories of the said Vizier without any Request from him for that Purpose, or contrary to his Desire and Inclination; but the said Warren Hastings fays, that the said Nathaniel Middleton did, by a Letter addressed to the said Warren Hastings, and dated the Nineteenth December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, represent as follows: " The Nabob Vizier having ap-

pointed an Aumil to take Charge of the Begum’s " Jaghires, (he has, it appears, prepared a large Body (iof Troops with a supposed Design to refill them; a " violent and threatening Letter which I have just " received from the Begum, would seem to leave no " Doubt of her Intentions to support the already de-" clared Licentiousness of her Servants in opposing x " the

« the Nabob’s Orders. I have, therefore, been obliged " to join my Solicitations to the Vizier’s for obtain-u ing a Regiment from Colonel Morgan to support " the Aumil in the Execution of his Excellency’s " Command; and, I may add, that unless my Judgment far misleads me, we shall be in want of still " farther Aid before the Measure of resuming the " Jaghires shall become fully established, and the " Country restored to that State of Tranquillity and " Subordination which it enjoyed before the Contagion spread by Cheyt Sing’s Machinations." Where-

upon the said Warren Hajlings did direct Four Regiments of Sepoys to be marched to support the Authority of the Vizier, and maintain the Tranquillity of his Country by such Means as the said Vizier should think proper to direct: And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that the said Nathaniel Middleton having afterwards represented to the said Warren,

that the said Nabob might object to so great an additional Force, the said Order was countermanded, and One Regiment only was sent on the said Service.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That he has been informed that the said Mr. Middleton did, in conseqence of the aforesaid Order, proceed with the said Nabob to the City of Fy, where the said Begums and their Troops then were, with a Regiment belonging to the said Company, and a Body of Troops belonging to the said Nabob: the whole of which

w O '

last mentioned Force acted under the Authority and Orders of the said Nabob in the Prosecution of the said Service: And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that having been afterwards informed by a Letter from Major Naylor, who then commanded the said Regiment belonging to the said Company, that Two Days had passed in Negociation, but without Effect, during which Time the Party in the Town had collected and hourly gained Strength; and that after mature Deliberation, it had been resolved to storm the Town; he the said Warren Hajlings did, on the Ground of such Representation, charge the said Nathaniel Middleton with improper Delay in having suffered such Time to pass in Negociation contrary to the said Orders of him the said Warren Hajlings: And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he has been informed that the said City was, by the said Force under the Orders and Authority of the said Nabob, taken by the said Force} and that the Citadel, in which the said Begums resided, was secured: And the said Warren Hastings, denying that his said Orders did authorize any improper Violence, or any Cruelty or Extortion, and declaring that he does not know or believe that any such were committed by any Persons acting under his Orders, or that the Discovery of the said Treasure was extorted in the Manner, or by the Means, in the said Second Article Hated, further fays, he has been informed that the Two principal Eunuchs belonging to the said Begum were at the Head of the Force within the said Town, and did, on the same being taken as aforesaid, surrender themselves to the said Nabob, and were by him delivered over to the Charge of the Company’s Troops acting as aforesaid, on certain Criminal Charges exhibited against them by the said Nabob, who did not think it safe or prudent to trull them in the Custody of his own Sepoys. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, 'that it was represented to him, that an Agreement having been made between the said Begums and the said Nabob, relative to his Demand on the said Treasure, the said Eunuchs did enter into a Security for the Sum of Money agreed to be paid by the said Begum in Discharge thereof, and that a considerable Part of the said Sum was produced by the said Eunuchs from Places of Concealment, and paid to the said Nabob; and that Securities for the Remainder were given- by the said Eunuchs to the said Nabob. And the said Warren

Hajlings further fays, that the Sum so paid to the Nabob, and the said Securities, were transferred to the Resident by the said Nabob, on Account of his Debt to the Company. And the said Warren Hajlings fays* he has been further informed, that the said Securities not being paid when due, the said Eunuchs were, by Order of the Nabob, put under Restraint for the Recovery of the said Sum, and were at length discharged, without having fully performed the said Engagement. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that the said Eunuchs were compelled by the said , or

his Assistant Resident Johnson, to enter into the said Securities in prosecution of any Orders of him the said Warren' Hajlings, for the Purposes in the said Article mentioned, or in order to satisfy any unjust, oppressive, or rapacious Demands of him the said Warren Hajlings; and he does not know or believe that the said Securities were in fast obtained by Compulsion by the said Middleton or the said Johnson, or that the said Middleton or the said Johnson did extort Payment of the fame, or of any Part thereof, in the Manner and under the Circumstances in the said Article mentioned, or that they did in any Manner extort such Payment.

And the said Warren Hajlings has been informed that a Sale, or pretended Sale, was made of some of the Effects of the said Begums, towards the Payment of the said Sum agreed to be paid to the Nabob. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that all or any of the said Transactions, io far as the said Warren Hajlings, by any Act of his own, or by any Orders given by him, was- concerned in the fame, were conducted with any Circumstances of Atrocity, or were the Means of producing any of the Effects on the said Begums in the said Second Article set forth, or were in any Manner disgraceful to the British Name and Character.

And as to so much of the said Second Article, as relates to the Women and Children of the late Nabob Sujah ul Dowla, the said Warren Hajlings denies that they were in any Manner dependant upon both, or either of the said Begums; but he fays, that the said Women, who were mostly Persons of low Condition, and the said Children, if any such there were, lived in the Khourd Mhal, on an Establishment entirely distinct from the said Begums, and were dependant for their Support solely on the said Nabob Vizier, by whom a Tuncaw, or Alignment, was granted on the Foufdarry of Sultanpore for their Support: And he fays, the Receipt and Application of the Produce of the said Tuncaw were entirely entrusted to Officers appointed by the said Vizier, without any Interference whatsoever on the Part of the English Government: And the said Warren Hajlings has heard, that, from Neglect in the Officers of the said Vizier, the Persons residing in the said Khourd Mhal have suffered occa* fional Distress j but the said Warren Hajlings denies that such Distress did in any respect proceed from any such.Causes as are in the said Second Article set forth s or that such Persons were, by such Means as are in the said Article stated, or by any Means, made, used, authorized, or permitted, by the said Warren HaJ-tings, reduced to the Want of the Necefiaries of Life, or exposed to any of the Circumstances of Shame, or Cruelty, which are enumerated in the said Second Article j or that, to his Knowledge or Belief, any such Circumstances did at any Time in fast take place: And the said Warren Hajlings further denies, that he is in any Manner responsible for any Circumstances of Cruelty or Barbarity, if any such did exilt j or that any such were the Consequenqes of any Powers affirmed, or Orders given, by the said Warren Hajlings} or that he did assume any illegal Powers, or give any atrocious or unjust Orders whatsoever.

And as to so much- of the said Second Article as states, c< That many of the said Severities and Cruel-

" ties,"

44 56 Decembrls. A. 1787*

" ties," in the said Article stated, " being made *« known to the said Warren by the Refi-

" dent or others j and that he (the said Warren HaJtings) although informed of the fame, did take no n Steps for the Redress of the said Cruelties, but, on the contrary, did declare the same to be justly me- rited, and did stimulate and encourage his Agents and others to continue and enforce the same the said Warren Hajiings fays, that the only Declaration made by him, relative to any of such Subjects, is contained in the Instructions given by the said Warren Hajiings, conformably to a Reference from the Board of Council, and with their Knowledge and Approbation, on the Twenty-third of in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two j and which is as follows:

" The Severities which have been exercised to-u wards the Begums were most justly merited, by " the Advantage which they took of the Troubles " in which I was Personally involved the last Year,

" to excite a Rebellion in the Nabob’s Government,

" and to complete the Ruin which they thought was " impending on ours,"

And the said Warren Hajiings denies that the said Declaration did or could relate to any Severities ex-excised towards, or Distreftes suffered by, the Persons residing in the said Khourd Mhal, or that he did ever stimulate or encourage his Agents, or any Persons whatsoever, to continue or enforce such Severities or Distreftes. And the said Warren Hajiings fays, that he had not, at the Time of making the said Declaration, nor for above Nine Months after the said Declaration was made, received any Information, or Accounts of any Kind, nor had any such been sent, nor had he any Knowledge whatsoever, relative to any Distreftes, or Sufferings, of any of the said Persons belonging to the said Khourd Mhal; the First Intelligence received by the said Warren Hajiings relative thereto, being in the Month of Auguj One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, when various Complaints having been preferred to the Board against the said Bristow, by the Vizier and Hyder Beg Kban, the said Bristow did, in order to criminate the said Vizier and Hyder Beg Kban, inclose in a Letter, bearing Date the Thirtieth July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, addressed to the Board, certain Letters and Papers relative to the Distreftes of the said Persons in the Khourd Mhal, which Distreftes were represented to have happened in the Months of March and ORober, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

two, and to have been afterwards relieved at the Instance of the said Bristow, by the said Vizier: And the said Warren Hajiings denies that all or any of the supposed Aftings, Doings, and Proceedings, by him the said Warren Hajiings, or by his supposed Authority, Council, Connivance, or Neglect, done, perpetrated, or omitted, were of the Nature, or productive of the Effects, or accomplished by the Means, in the said Article mentioned, or that he is in all or any of the several Respects above mentioned guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor.

And the said Warren Hajiings denies that he ever endeavoured to set up any false, frivolous, wicked, or malicious Pretences, in Jollification of any Acts of him the said Warren Hajiings, or that he ever attempted to impose any such upon the Directors of the East India Company, or the British Nation, or that he ever brought any malicious or unfounded Accusations against the said Begums, or that he has ever endeavoured to support such Accusations as were brought against them, by any Means disgraceful to the British Government, or by any Prostitution of the Character of British Justice in India. And the said Warren tings denies that he did ftjfle, or in any Manner unduly prevent, an Enquiry into the Crimes charged against the said Begums, or that he was bound to make such Enquiry in Consequence bf any Declarations or Directions of the Court of Directors, or thac the said Court did make such Declarations, or fend such Directions relative thereto, as are in the said Second Article mentioned. And the said Warren Hajiings admits* that inasmuch as he did not apprehend that an Enquiry* for the Purpose above stated, was either commanded by the said Directors, or in any Manner necessary or expedient to be made, he did vote against a Proposition made by Mr. Stables for that Purpose but he denies that he did thereby endeavour to pass art Act of Indemnity for his own Crimes* he, the said Warren Hajiings, not being con-feious of any Crimes requiring such Indemnity nor did' ihfult the Sufferings of any Allies of the Company, nor shew a Contempt of thfe Authority or Opinion of the Court of Directors. And the said Warren Hajiings, as to the Matter of Aggravation in the Second Article, Iaftly suggested* denies that all or any of his Acts did originate in any Corruption whatsoever, or did originate in, or were in any Manner influenced by, the supposed Present or Bribe, in the said Second Article mentioned, or that he the said V/arreti Hajiings did, at or about the Time of executing the said Treaty at Chunar, or at any other Time, accept or take to his own Use a Present or Bribe of One hundred thousand Pounds, or of any other Sum, from the said Nabob of Oude, or that he did in any Manner act contrary to his Duty, the Orders of his Masters, or the pofuive Directions of Law, or to the Discredit, Disgrace, or Dishonour of the British Name, or Character, .

THIRD ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Third Article, the said Warren Hajiings fays he has been informed that an ancient Friendship did fubflft between the Nabob Sujah Dowla, Vizier of the Empire, and the House of zuffer Jung, in the said Third Article mentioned; buC whether any and what Treaties in particular were entered into between the said Sujah ul Dowla and Acbmet Khan, the said Warren Hajiings does not know nor can set forth j he believes, however, that the said Acbmet Khan was a Chief of the Nation of Afghans or Batons, of such Family, and whose Ancestors- filled such Station in the Annals of Indojlan, as is stated in the said Third Article: But the said Warren Hajiings fays, that he does not know or believe that the Ancestors of the said Acbmet Khan have been, from an early Period, or ever were. Friends or Allies of the British Power in India,

And the said Warren Hajiings fays, that he does not know nor is informed whether, " during the Life " of the said Acbmet Khan, the said Sujah ul Dowla u did unjustly withhold and retain Possession of certain Territories which did of Right belong to the <c said Acbmet Kban," nor whether he and his Son and Successor AJoph ul Dowla, or either of them, did, under Pretext of Friend ship, Protection, and Guardian-ftiip of Muzuffer Jung, Son and Successor to the said Acbmet Kban, make new and repeated Invasions of the Rights and Posseftlons of the said Muzuffer Jung, during his Minority, nor whether they did fraudulently obtain from the said Muzuffer Jung an Instrument, or pretended Instrument or Treaty, derogatory to former Treaties, and the Rights of Muzuffer Jung , but he has heard and believes that a Treaty was entered into between the said AJoph ul Dowla and the said Muzuffer Jung, some Time in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five and that the said ul Dowla did appoint and place an Officer called a Sizwall in the Territories of the said Muzuffer Jung. And the said Warren Hajiings fays, he has been informed that the Sizwall so appointed was severe in the Exercise of

K

his Authority, in the Collection of the Tribute ftipu-lated to be paid by the said Treaty; and the said Warren Hastings admits, that he has expressed Doubts of the original Justice of that Tribute; but the said Warren Hastings does not know, nor can state whether the severe Exercise of the Authority of such Sizwall might or might not have been a Cause of Ruin to the Country; but he admits it to have occasioned many Complaints from the said; and

he also admits that the Amount of that Tribute has for some Time continued a Part of the Funds assigned by the said Vizier, as a Provision for the several Public Demands of the East India Company, on him the said Vizier; and that he the said Warren Hastings did, on the Twenty-second of Alay One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, in order to relieve the said Muzuffer Jung from the Indignity and Hardships of which he complained, propose, and the Board of Council of Bengal did, upon the Motion of him the said Warren Hastings, resolve, " That One of the Company’s Ci- vil Servants Should be forthwith appointed Collec- for of the Vizier’s Alignments to the Company,

on the Revenues of the Nabob of , with the same Allowances and the same Powers as had " been given to the Native Sizawall; and that he «c should be ordered to proceed with all possible Ex-c pedition to Lucknow, where he would be inverted by the Resident with the Charge of that Office, and " receive from him the necessary Instructions for his " Conduct in the Discharge of the fame." And the said Warren Hastings admits that he did propose, and that the Board did adopt, the said Measure, upon such Reasons, and for such Purposes, amongst others, as are in the said Third Article stated; and that Mr. Shee was, in consequence thereof, appointed to the^ Office aforesaid: But the said Warren Hastings denies that the said Muzuffer Jung was, by the aforesaid, or any Acts, or by any Powers or Authorities given or authorized by him the said Warren , com-

pletely taken under the Protection of the East India Company, or that the said Company, and their Servants and Representatives, or that he the said Warren Hastings, as Governor General, ever became respon-fible for the Government of the Territories of the said Muzuffer Jung, or were subject to such Obligations as are in the said Third Article stated.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That he did, , soon after the Execution of the Treaty of Chunar, declare, " that if Muzuffer Jung must endure Oppref- lion, and he the said Warren Hastings dared not, at that Time, propose his total Relief, it concerned " the Reputation of the East India Company’s Government to remove their Participation in it." And that he did, at the same Time, alledge, "that Mr.. Shoe’s Authority over the Territory of Farruckabad was in itself as much subversive of that of its lawful «c Ruler as that of the Vizier’s Aumil, or Sezawall, " ever was; and was the more oppressive as the Power " from which it was derived was greater." And which several Propositions, made in the Terms last stated, the said Warren Hastings maintains to be true. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that he did afiert, as the Faff was, and not falsely pretend, that Muzuffer Jung was equally anxious with the Vizier for the Recall of the said Shee; and that he did assert, as the Fadt was, and not falsely pretend, that it was the Desire of him the said Warren Hastings, that a proper Guardian should be selected for the said Muzuffer Jung from amongst the ancient Dependants of his Family, if any such could have been found. And the said Warren Hastings denies, that the Treaty of Chunar, herein after mentioned, was entered into by him upon any false Pretences whatsoever, or in the Exercise of any illegal Authority, or under the Influence of any such supposed Bribe as in the said Third Article is stated.

Vox., XLIII.

And the said Warren Hasting, as to the said supposed Bribe in the said Third Article mentioned, craves Leave to refer to his Answer in this Behalf herein after made. And the said Warren Hastings admits that he did enter into aTreaty at Chunar with the said Nabob of Oude, in which Treaty was contained a Stipulation that no British Resident should be appointed at Farruckabad, and that the then Resident there should be recalled; but he humbly infills that such Stipulation was, in the then Situation of the contrasting Parties, and of Muzuffer Jung himself, proper and expedient to be made. And the said Warren Hastings denies that he did by that Treaty abandon the Country of Farruckabad, or deliver over the Prince thereof to the "Rapacity of the Vizier and his Servants. And the said Warren Hastings, denying that he ever pretended that the said Shee had been Personally guilty of any Opprdfion, or that he ever accused the said Shee thereof, admits that he has never attempted to bring the said Shee to Trial for any Offence of that Nature; and that the said Shee soon after his Recall having applied to the Governor General and Council, taking Notice of an Order made by the Board for allowing Company’s Servants removed from their Offices in consequence of some late Arrangements, to draw the same Allowances as they had before drawn, until they should be appointed to other Offices, or until the Board should be pleased to withdraw that Indulgence; and having at the same Time represented to the Board that he had not, since the general Arrangements in the Vizier’s Country had rendered his Removal from Office necessary, received any such Allowances from the Company, the said Shee prayed that the same Salary which Revenue Collectors usually received might be granted him; and that it was thereupon agreed by the Board that Mr. Shee should be allowed the same Salary as had been granted to the Revenue Collectors, and that he should draw it from the Time of his Removal from his late Office. And the said Warren Hastings denies that any Pension was othewife, or in any other Manner, conferred upon the said Shee, than is herein before stated. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that at a Board of Council held on the Ninth of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty three, the said Shee was upon the Recommendation of Mr. Wheier, a Member of the said Board, appointed Judge of the Dewany Adawbit at Dacca, in the Room of Mr. Duncanjon, deceased, But the said Warren Hastings denies that the said Office was conferred by him alone, or upon his own Motion, or in any other Iv/anner than is above stated.

And the said Warren Hastings avers. That the alledged Grounds of the said Treaty were founded in Truth, and that there is no sufficient Reason todifbe-lieve the fame, or to conclude, as by the said Article is alledged, that the supposed Bribe above mentioned was the real Ground of the said Treaty. And the said Warren Hastings solemnly denies the same so to have been. And the said 'Warren Hastings denies that it was

meant by the said Treaty that the said Vizier should have an uncontrouled Authority over Farruckabad, or that any other Provision or Stipulation was therein contained relative to Farruckabad than that herein before mentioned. But he admits that the said Vizier did shortly afterwards appoint a Person named Ali Cazun to manage the Affairs of Farruckabad; and that the said Warren Hastings did thereupon represent to the said Vizier the Impropriety of such his Appointment, and request of him to dire£F his Ministers to refrain from all Kind of Interference in the internal Management of Farruckabad. He denies however that he did compel the said Vizier to recall that Appointment, or that he did in that Respect, or in any other Manner whatsoever, violate the Treaty of Chunar.

N And

46 5° Decembris. 1787.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits. That he did, about the Month of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, suggest to the said Muzuffer Jung, that as he would be then left in the uncontrouled Management of his own Affairs, it would be incumbent on him to give the strictest Attention to them, both for his own Honour and Interest, and the Welfare of his People; to effect which Purposes the said Warren Hajlings did recommend to the said Muzuffer Jung to employ able Men of approved good Character; and did further suggest, that Subgbat Ally his Vakeel, had been with the said Warren Hajlings for Years, and appeared to have conduced himself with Fidelity and Attachment, and, as the said Warren Hajlings understood, was much employed and trusted by the Father of the said Muzuffer Jung-, that his Services intitled him to Reward and Consideration from him the said Muzuffer Jung and that his Zeal and Abilities, if placed in a proper Situation, might produce important Advantages to himself and his Country.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That the Suggestion thus made in favour of Subgbut , involved any Contradiction to the Reasons before given by him for the Appointment of Mr. Shee, the said Subgbut Vila not being one of the said Muzuffer Jung’s Servants, to whom the said Warren Hajlings had before imputed either Knavery or Corruption.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he did, about the Time last mentioned, or at any ocher Time whatsoever, render himself, nor did he ever become, responsible to the said Vizier for the Payment of the Tribute payable to the said Vizier by Muzuffer; but he admits, that the said Tribute was not paid by the said Subgbut Vila to the said Vizier: He denies, however, that he, the said Warren , was, in

respect thereof, guilty of any Breach of Faith to the said Vizier.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That in consequence of the Non-payment of the said Tribute, and other Misconduct of the said Subgbut and of a Declaration which the said Warren Hajlings understood the said Subgbut Ulla to have made, and which he believed to be false and scandalous, the said Warren Hajlings did, on the Twenty-seventh of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, write the following Letter to the said Muzuffer Jung: " I lately " learnt that Subgbut Ulla Khan has told you, that he " was obliged to give large Sums in Bribes to the " English Gentlemen, for procuring the Release of " your Country, and that he demands Assignments of " a Sum as far as Six Lacks of Rupees. This is entirely fallc — Out of Regard to the Justice and Wifdom of the Vizier, I with Labour and Difficulty procured the Relinquishment of it from his Highness, and the Removal of his Aumil, on this Condition, that you Should pay duly the Relit payable " to the Nabob’s Government, according to the " Kills; and I delivered the Country into your " Hands. — From this Transaction I had expected Reputation to myself j but, on the contrary, I am " now disgraced. Such Conduct in Subgbut Ulla Kban " deserves severe Punishment, and makes him unfit " to be any longer trusted j and you will therefore " make him restore what Money he may have taken, " and never suffer him to be again employed in the " Affairs of your Government, — I write this from my tC Friendship."

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That having afterwards received from the said Muzuffer Jung a Letter in favour of the said Subgbut Ulla; and solemnly declaring, that the said Subgbut Ulla had not made any such Declaration as had been reported, and that it was certain the said Subgbut Ulla had not given One Rupee to any Gentleman j the said Warren Hajlings did not further interfere to procure the said Subgbut

Dismission, or the Substitution of any other Person in ' his Place.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That the Board at Calcutta did, by a Letter dated the Eleventh of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, addressed to Mr. Middleton their Resident at Oude, observe, that the said Resident had not received any Part of the Sum expected from Farruckabad, and were fur-prized that he had not intimated in his Letter to the Board, or to the Governor General, the Circumstances which had prevented him from receiving any Part of the Sum expected from the Nabob Muzuffer Jung} and that should it proceed from an Advantage taken by him of their Mediation with the Nabob Vizier, the Board directed that he should immediately afford him effectual Assistance for the Recovery of what might be due to him from Muzuffer Jung, and expressly to withdraw all other Interference with that Nabob.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the said Middleton, in Answer to the said Letter, did represent that the Board had anticipated his Reply, by adverting to what they conjectured might have been the Cause of the total Failure in the Collection of,

which was, as they justly supposed, an improper Advantage taken by Muzuffer Jung, of the Mediation employed with the Nabob Vizier in his Behalf: That he the said Middleton had therefore immediately, upon

Receipt of the Orders of the Board, withdrawn all Mediation and Interference which stood between the Nabob Vizier, and the Collection of the Tribute from Farruckabad, and had afforded him the

Assistance directed, by fending a Regiment to support the Seziwall appointed by his Excellency for the Collection of the Tribute of theenfuing Year.

And the said Warren Ilaftings fays, That the Company’s Mediation and Interference in favour of the said Muzuffer Jung were withdrawn, and the Assistance stated in the said Third Article given to the said Vizier, for the Recovery of his Claims upon Farruckabad, for the Reasons stated in the said Orders; and in virtue of those Orders only; but the said Warren Haf-tings denies, that his Conduct in respect to the Measure stated in the said Third Article, was in Contradiction to any Principle of Justice or Equity towards the said Muzuffer Jung.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, He has been informed that the said Nativ eSizwall did renew Severities formerly exercised in respect tc the said Muzuffer Jung.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That he did some Time in October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, receive a Letter of Complaint from the said Muzuffer Jung, requesting a Renewal of the Mediation of the Bengal Government, for the Purpose of procuring a Recall of the Vizier’s Sizwall -, which Letter was immediately, according to the usual Practice of the Settlement, entered in the Book of Persian Correspondence for the Inspection of the Board; and that afterwards similar Complaints were at different Times received by the Board at Calcutta, through Mr. Bristow; and that a Letter to the same Efteft was receiv* ed from the said Muzuffer Jung, in the Month of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he was guilty of any Delay, or Breach of Duty, in respect to the said Complaints; but fays, that the Board did not deem it expedient to interfere with the Vizier for the Recall of the Sizewall at Farruckabad, until the Month of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three i and he denies that the Conduct of him the said Warren Hajlings, in the Matters aforesaid, was in any Degree incompatible with the Honour or Dignity of the British Government.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That in the Month of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, he did, from a Sense of Submission to the implied Orders of the Court of Directors, as well as from 4 an

an Opinion of the Propriety of the Measure, propose to the Council at Bengal, and the said Council did accordingly resolve, to appoint a Resident at abad, if the Consent of the Nabob Vizier could be previously obtained, and that Mr. should be

such Resident; which Consent being obtained, the said Mr. IVilles did afterwards proceed to the said City in the Execution of his Duty.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That the said Mr. Willes was impeded in the Execution of his Duty

by any Neglect or Orders of him the said Warren Hajlings,

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That either by entering into the Treaty of or that by any

Consent, or Authority to be implied therefrom; or that in all or any of the supposed Instances of Misconduct Rated in the said Third Article in respect to the said Vizier and Muzujfer Jung respectively; or that by the said several supposed Acts or Deeds done or omitted, or supposed to be done or omitted, by him the said Warren Hajlings, he the said Warren Hajlings has been guilty either of Neglect of Duty, Usurpation of Authority, Breach of Treaty, or Duplicity towards either the said Vizier or the said Jung; or

that he has, in any of these Respects, brought any Dilgrace upon the British Name, or any Discredit upon the British Government in; or that he ever reduced himself ;o the Alternative of being guilty of a Breach of Faith, either to the Vizier or Muzujfer Jung, as is suggested in the said Third Article j or that by all or any of the several Acts Hated in the said Third Article, so far as the same or any of them were by him done or committed, he was or is guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

ARTICLE THE FOURTH.

In Answer to the Fourth Article, the said Warren Hajlings admits it to have been his Duty, while Governor General of Bengal, strictly to attend to the Expenditure of Public Money; and more particularly In a Time of War and Public Distress, to be careful that those Revenues upon which the Welfarer and Safety of the Empire did necessarily depend, should not be diminished or ruined by Dissipation or Prodigality, and should not be diverted from the Public Service, or squandered for the Purpose of increasing his own Personal Influence, or providing for his Dependants.

And also, that it was his Duty, in every Instance in his Power, to pay due Obedience to the Orders of the Court of Directors: But the said Warren Hajlings humbly contends, such last mentioned Duty did not require Compliance with the said Orders in Cafes where such Compliance would have been materially injurious to the Interests of the East Company or the British Nation, or where some important Advantage to such Interests might be attained by a Deviation. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the Court of Directors of the East India Company, by the Thirty-sixth Paragraph of the General lnftrudlions given to the Governor General and Council, in March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, reciting, that as all the Company’s Business which could conveniently be performed by Contract, was so performed in Bengal, did direct as in the said Fourth Article is stated.

And the said Warren Hastings admits. That such express Order of the said Court was made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, as in the said Fourth Article is stated j and that divers other Orders and Commands to the same Purpose and Effect may have been issued by the said Court of Directors, at different Times, to their Servants in India.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits. That the Opium produced in Bengal and Bahar is a very considerable and lucrative Article in the Export Trade of the said Provinces, and that it has been for a considerable Length of Time managed under a Monopoly. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that of late Years (that is to say) ever since the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, when, in consequence of a Proposal from the said tings, the said Monopoly was taken from private Persons, by whom it had been before exclusively held without any Participation of the East India Company, into the Possession of the said Company, great Advantage has resulted from the same to the said Company.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That of late Years the Opium has been provided byContraflj but he fays, that it would not have been expedient or conducive to the Interest of the East India Company, previous to the Contracts for this Commodity being made, or in the making thereof, to have observed and followed all the Rules and Regulations prescribed by the Directors of the East India Company, in regard to Contrails in general.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That Doubts having arisen in Council at Bengal, whether the Management of the Opium Concern ought, as an Article of Revenue, to be lodged with the Governor and Council, or as an Article of Commerce, to be vested in the Board of Trade; and the same having been communicated to the Court of Directors, they were pleased to direst as follows: " As the Revenue Coun-<c cil at Patna are of Opinion that the Opium Business may be more conveniently conducted by their *f Board than by our Commercial Servants, on that " Consideration only we direct that the Provision thereof be continued under your Management; buc tc that you consign the fame, when provided, to our ,r Board of Trade at Prime Cost, who are to dispose " thereof at Public Auilion, and to apply the Produce towards the Provision of our Investment."

And the said Warren Hajlings admits it to have been his Duty, not only to be careful in the Expenditure of the Public Money in the making of Contracts, and in providing for the Public Service, but also to be particularly careful not to lavilh the Money of his Employers in excessive Salaries and Emoluments to favoured Individuals.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That the Court of Directors did order and direct that the Sum of Six thousand Pounds per Annum should be paid to the Commander in Chief in full for his Services as Commander in Chief, in lieu of Travelling Charges, and of all other Emoluments whatsoever. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that it was his Duty not to create by his Prodigality any Public Distress, and denies, that he was guilty of any Prodigality, or of any violent or oppressive Acts whatsoever. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that it was his Duty not to rob any Person whomsoever.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he did enter into any Contraft of the Nature, or with the Views, or in the Manner, or which was productive of the Consequences, in the said Fourth Article mentioned.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That he did authorize or approve of any enormous Salaries or extravagant Allowances, or did lavish away any Part of the Resources of the Company, or of the Princes in Alliance with them, as in the said Fourth Article is stated.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That it having been determined in Council, that Opium should be provided by Contract, the Governor General and Council, the said Warren Hajlings being Governor General, did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, when the former Contract was near its Expiration, unanimously agree to accept

Proposals

4& 5° Decembris. A. 1787.

Proposals from John Mackenzie, for a Contract with And the said Warren I ladings denies. That he did him for Opium, to be provided on Terms nearly the take away Restrictions usually and providently im-fame with, but more favourable than, the former posed upon the Contractor in Contracts of that Na-Contract. ture; but he admits, that he, as Governor General,

And the said Warren Hajiings admits, That the said and the Council, did resolve, that there being no Contract was granted for a Term of Three Years, longer Occasion for Inspectors to superintend the Ma-without any previous Advertisement, it having been nufacture of the Opium delivered by the Contractor, by the said Governor General and Council deemed for since the Reasons which induced the Board to appoint the Advantage of the East India Company to make a those Officers no longer existed, their Appointments Contract for the said Commodity in that Manner, and Should be abolished; and, in lieu thereof, it was in for that Term. the said Contract of the said Stephen stipulated.

And the said Warren Hajiings admits, That the that, on the Arrival of the Opium at it Should

Court of Directors of the East India Company con- be subject to the Inspection and Controul of such Perceiving, contrary to the Fact, that the said Contract fons as the Governor General and Council might ap-had been made, not only without any Advertisement, point for that Purpose. And the said Warren Hajiings but likewise without any previous Enquiries necessary infills, that the Regulation substituted by the Governor to guide the Judgment of the said Governor General General and Council, in lieu of such Inspection, did and Council therein, and to warrant the said Measure, as effectually guard against the Commission of any did express their Disapprobation of the Manner in Fraud by the Contractor, and was in other Respects which they supposed the said Contract to have been more advantageous to the East India Company, made; but the said Warren Hajiings denies, that the And the said Warren Hajiings denies. That the said said Court of Directors did condemn either the Con- Contract was granted upon Terms extravagant or tinuance of the Monopoly, or the Management profuse, or for the Purpose of creating an instant For-thereof by Contract, or the Term of Years for which tune to the said Sulivan; but, on the contrary, the the said Contract with the’ said John Mackenzie had said Warren Hajiings avers, that the Terms of the said been made. Contract were as advantageous to the East India Com-

And the said Warren Hajiings fays, That the Go- pany as the Terms-of the preceding Contracts made vernor General and the Council, he the said Warren by or on the Part of the said Company, for the Pro-Hajlings being Governor General, did judge it expe- vision of the said Commodity, and such as the said pedient, and did accordingly resolve to transfer the Warren Hajiings and the Council at that Time did Sale of Opium from the Board of Trade to another believe to be fair and reasonable.

Department, which Measure, though contrary to the And the said Warren Hajiings believes the said Suit-Letter of the Orders of the Court of Directors, it was van to have been a Person properly qualified to exe-conceived by the said Governor General and Council, cute the said Contract, and fays, That a proper and would more effectually carry into Execution the In- sufficient Security was taken from him for the due tentions of the said Court, in giving the said Orders; Performance thereof.

and which Measure, with the Reaffins for the fame. And the said Warren Hajiings denies, That the said was immediately communicated by the said Governor Sulivan did not ever execute, or attempt to execute. General and Council to the said Court of Directors, the said Contract; but whether the said Sulivan did, by a Letter bearing Date the Twenty-fifth November, on or before the Execution of the Articles between One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and the him and the Governor General and Council, transfer same has been since continued. his Interest in the said Contract to John Benn, Esquire,

And the said Warren Hajiings further fays. That, in or whether the said Benn did afterwards transfer the the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- same to any other Person, the said Warren Hajiings one, at the usual and proper Period of making the declares himself ignorant, except as he has heard the Contract for Opium, the then Situation of Public same by Report since his Arrival in England, or has Affairs having rendered it more expedient to extend been informed by the said Articles, and the Proceed-the Period for which such Contract should be made, ings before the Honourable the House of Commons, beyond the Term of One'Year, the Governor General touching him the said Warren Hajiings. and Council, the said Warren Hajiings being Governor And the said Warren Hajiings fays. That the Go-General, did, in Consideration thereof, resolve,"That vernor General and Council, he being Governor Gethe Contract for the Provision for the Opium pro- neral, did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred " duced in Bengal and Bahar Should be granted to and Eighty-one, declare, as the Truth was, that the " Mr. Stephen Sulivan, for the Term of Four Years, Employment of the Shipping belonging to Bengal, in 11 on the same Conditions as it was then held by Mr. supplying the Coast with Grain, and the Difficulties " Mackenzie, the then Contractor:" But the said and Obltructions apprehended in the Navigation of Warren Hajiings denies, that the said Contract was the Seas from the Ctuizers and Privateers which made with the said Stephen Sulivan on more advan- had been, and were expected to be fitted out from the tageous Terms for the Contractor than the same would Isle of France, Batavia, and other Places, to interrupt have been made with any other Person. And the said the Trade of the Eastward, had so much reduced the Warren Hajiings admits, that the said Contract was Demand for Opium, that they had found no Bidders made without advertising for Proposals, or receiving at the Company’s Sales at the Close of the last and from the said Stephen Sulivan any written Proposals the Commencement of the then Year, nor any Persons for the lame; and that the said Contract did not con- willing to become Purchasers of that Article at the tain any Clause, providing that the same Should moderate Price of Four hundred Rupees Chest, at be liable to be determined by the Orders of the Court which it was afterwards exposed for private Sale; from of Directors, But the said Warren Hajiings denies, which Causes almost the whole Produce remained on that any Clause was inserted in the preceding Con- their Hands: But he denies that he ever monopolized tract, respecting the Determination of the same by the Opium at an extravagant Rate, or that no Attempts Court of Directors, in any other Event than that of were made by Persons employed by the Governor Ge-their relinquiffiing the exclusive Property in the Trade neral and Council to sell the same at a low Price, of Opium, and making it free, in which same the said And the said Warren Hajiings fays, He does not Contract was to remain in force, only for the current know or believe that there were any Persons in Year, of which Event there had ceased to be any cutta who had Authority to bid for the Whole or the Probability prior to the Year One thousand Seven greaedt Part of the said Opium, upon any Terms hundred and Eighty-one. which it would have been for the Interest of the East India

28 Geo. IlL 5° Decemb 49

India Company to have accepted. And the said Wart pany than the then subsisting Contract. And the said ren Hastings denies that he did, in order to favour any Warren Hastings denies, that the Governor General Individuals, borrow Money at a large Interest, for and Council did by the said Contract agree for a the Purpose of advancing the same to the Contractor Number of Bullocks, exceeding the Number which last mentioned; but he fays, that no other Advances the Commander in Chief had declared to be fiifficienc were made to the said Contractor, than such as were for the whole Army* or for a greater Number than agreeable to the Terms of his Contract; and that the the Public Service then required; and though the Sum of Money, mentioned in the said Fourth Article Rate at which the said Bullocks were by such new to have been borrowed, was borrowed in the Absence Plan contracted for was higher than that of the then of the said Warren Hastings, in order to raise a Supply exilting Contract, and though from the ericreased of Money to enable the Board to answer the heavy Establishment of Bullocks, and thfc ProVifioh necefla-Calls which had been made on them from the other rily made for its Support, a considerable Annual In-Presidencies, and to make up for the Failure of the crease of Expence was unavoidably occasioned, yet he Resource expe#ed from the Sale of the Opium; denies that such Increase was either wanton^ enOrrhous,’

And the said Warren Hastings fays. That the Opium or unnecessary. was, by Order of the Governor General and Council, And the said Warren Hastings admits. That the said he the said Warren Hastings being Governor General* Resolution, and the Proposal contained in it, were exported to the Eastern Islands, and to China, on the carried into Effe#, and that a Contract* in confe-said Company’s Account; which Measure, the said quence of it, was made by the Governor General and Warren Hastings avers, was, in the then State of the Council with Charles Cro/tes, Esquire; but the said Company’s Affairs, proper and expedient. Warren Hastings denies that, in agreeing to the Terms

And the said Warren Hastings fays. That he has of the said Contract, he was in any Manner influenced heard, and believes, that the Importation of Opium by Considerations of Friendship for the said Charles is forbidden in China* And the said Warren Hastings denies that the

And he admits, that the said Plan was attended said Contract was produ#ive of any Loss or Damage with some Risque and Hazard, and that, in the Course to the East India Company, or that it was in Viola-of the Execution of the said Plan, the Success of it tien of the Orders and Dire#ions of the Court of was in some Measure diminished in consequence of a Dire#ors.

Capture by th c Dutch of one of the Ships employed in And the said WirreA Hastings fays. That the said

conveying Part of the Opium; which Capture was the Contract did contain a Clause, by which it was agreed, only Loss the said Warren Hastings knows, or has that it Should be lawful for the East India Company heard, that the East India Company ever suffered by to extend the said Contract for the Term of One Year the said Plan, which he denies to have produced any beyond the said Term of Five Years, in same they Disgrace to the British Chara#er in India, < should be minded so to do, on One Year’s Notice iri

And the said Warren Hastings, denying that he ever Writing being for that Purpose given by the Gover-a#ed in the Prosecution of a System of Disobedience nor General and Council on their Behalf to the Con-to Orders, or of Prodigality or Profusion, or that he tractor; and that it was by the said Clause also agreed* was ever guilty of any Prodigality or Profusion, fays, that the said Company Should, on or before the Expi-That some Time in the Year One thousand Seven ration of Four Years from the Day of the Date of the hundred and Seventy-seven, the Governor General said Contract, give Notice in Writing whether they and Council, the said Warren Hastings being then Should intend to lengthen the said Contract or not i Governor General, did accept of Proposals for pro- But in same no such Notice Should be given, it was viding Draft and Carriage Bullocks to the Army for agreed, that the said Contract Should continue for the Three Years, without advertising for the fame; and Space of One Year beyond the said Term of Five that afterwards, soon after the Commencement of the Years, that is to say, unto the Firftof , One

War in India, the said Warren Hastings, without, as he thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, admits, any Complaint made on the Part of the Con- And the said Warren Hastings fays. That the Court tractor, but not without any Complaint on the Part of of Dire#ors, in their Letter of Eleventh April, One the Army, but, on the contrary, after repeated and ur- thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, did ex-gent Representations from the principal Officers com- press a Disapprobation of some Parts of the said manding the fame, that the subsisting Contract (One- Contract, and their Approbation of other Parts there* half of the Time limited for the Duration whereof he of; and that the said Court of Dire#ors did signify admits to have been then unexpired) was inadequate their Pleasure respc#ing the Mode to be pursued irt to the regular Supply of that Service, did approve of case of any future Contract, in the following Terms: certain Alterations in the said Contract, which, in his " We therefore dire#, that in future no greater Num; own Judgment, and that of the said principal Military <c ber of Draft or Carriage Bullocks be entertained. Officers, were essential and necessary; and the same to be paid for by the Company, than shall be ne-having been reserved for the Opinion of, and having " cessary for the Service; that the Terms of the Con-afterwards undergone the Corre#ion of Sir Eyre Coote, " tra# be always advertised One Year at least before the then Commander in Chief of all the Company’s " the Expiration of the subsisting Contract; that the Forces in India, and having been by him proposed in " lowest Terms, with good Security for the Per-

Council,.the said Warren Hastings, as Governor Gc- " formance, be accepted;. and that no Contract for

neral, did vote for, and a Majority of the Board in " Bullocks be on any Account concluded for a longer Council did pass, a Resolution in the following Words, " Term than Three Years." But the said Warren

viz. " That the Plan recommended by the Com- Hastings denies that the said Court of Directors did

" mander in Chief, for a new Contract for the Draft give any particular Dire#ions for the Condu# of the t{ and Carriage Cattle, be approved, and that an said Governor General and Council in respect to the " Offer be made to the present Contractor, to con- Determination of the Contract, or that they gave tc tra# with him on the Terms prescribed therein, in- any Order that the Provision of Draft and Carriage stead of the Contract now in force." Bullocks for the Army should in future be managed

And the said Warren Hastings fays. That it was by Contract, in preference to any other Mode, by the said Board deemed expedient, that the said And the said Warren Hastings fays, That the Atten-Contraft should be made for the Term of Five Years; tien of the Board not being immediately called to but he fays, that the Conditions thereof, though in the Terms of the said Contract, the Period of Time some Respects more advantageous to the Contractor, at which previous Notice for the Determination of were also more advantageous to the East India Com- the same Should have been given, was accidentally Vol. XLIII. - O suffered

5° Decembris.

5°

(offered to elapse; in consequence whereof, the said Contract would, by virtue of the Clause hereinbefore mentioned, have continued for the Term of Six Years, that is to say, till the First of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, which the said Warren Hastings admits would have been for a longer

Time than the then Situation of the East India Company's Affairs in India required: But the said Warren Hastings fays, that to prevent such Continuance, the said Warren Hastings did, on the Second February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, when, by the Restoration of Peace, a Reduction of the Military Establishment in Bengal had become practicable and safe, propose in Council, and a Majority of the Council did accordingly resolve, to purchase an immediate Relinquishment of the Contract, and the same was accordingly purchased, after it had been held only Three Years and an Half, upon such Terms as to the Board appeared reafo'nable; and which the said Warren Hastings denies to have been extravagant or unreasonable, or that the East India Company did, by such Purchase, sustain great Loss and Damage.

And the said Warren Hastings fays. That after such Purchase, the Governor General and Council, the said Warren Hastings being Governor General, did resolve, that the Provision of Bullocks for the Army Should be conducted by Agency, believing that the same might be managed in such Mode with more Advantage to the East India Company than by Contract; and did also resolve, that Sir Charles William Blount Should be employed in such Agency: But the said Warren Hastings denies that he did, by concurring in such Resolution, act contrary to his Duty, or to the Orders of his Mailers, though he admits that such Mode of conducting the Business was afterwards disapproved by the Court of Directors, as liable to the Objections in the said Fourth Article dated.

And the said Warren Hastings denies. That by all or any of the several Acts supposed to have been done or omitted by him the said Warren Hastings, he was guilty of any Part of the supposed Offences or Mif-conduct in the said Fourth Article charged against him.

And the said Warren Hastings further fays, That the late General Sir Eyre Coote having, in the Month of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, arrived in Bengal, from Europe, to take upon himself the Command of all the Forces in

India, then employed in a perilous and extensive War, did in a few Days after his Arrival deliver in to the Council of Fort William in Bengal several Propositions, by which he infilled that certain Allowances then paid to General Stibbert, Provincial Commander in Chief on the Bengal Establishment, did devolve upon him the said Sir Eyre Coote, as Commander in Chief. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that the said Allowances so claimed had been granted to the said General Stibbert, partly under a Resolution of the Governor General and Council, he the said Warren Hastings being then Governor General, and having, as he admits, concurred therein, and partly by the express Orders of the Court of DireClors.

And the said Warren Hastings further fays, That the said Propositions were referred by the Council to the Board of Inspection, and a Minute was thereupon delivered in by the said Sir Eyre Coote, setting forth the Grounds upon which he had been on his first Arrival induced to rest his aforesaid Claim, and that he had since more fully examined into the same } and further-alledging, from his long Experience of the Ser-

vice, the Inefficiency of his Salary, and that he " was certain the Court of Directors never meant he " Should suffer in his private Fortune by carrying on " the Public Service, and requesting that such Measures might be adopted as might prevent any unnecessary Expence from falling upon the Company,

A. 1787.

" and which would at the same Time enable him to " execute the Duties incumbent on him as their " Commander in Chief, to visit the several Stations " of the Troops, or to take the Field, if necessary,

" without involving himself in Expences which he " Should be unable to support." And the said Board of Inspection having taken the same into Consideration, it was by the said Board determined, he the said Warren Hastings being a Member of such Board of Inspection, and concurring in that Determination, that the Allowances made to General Stibbert did not devolve on the said Sir Eyre Coote, nor ought to be taken away from the said General Stibbert without the further Orders of the Court of Directors: But in Consideration of the Matters in the Minute of the said General Sir Eyre Coote set forth, and for other Rea-fons, which in the Judgment of the said Board appeared to warrant such Measure, did resolve that the said Sir Eyre Coote Should, as Commander in Chief of the Forces in India, receive when in the Field a specified Allowance for himself and his Staff, for the Purpose of defraying the extraordinary Expences which his Establishment in the Field would occasion. And the said Warren Hastings denies, that by concurring in the said Resolutions of the said Board he acted in the Prosecution of a corrupt or prodigal System of Government, or in Contradiction to his Duty and the Orders of his Superiors, or with any View to increase his own Influence.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, the said General Sir Eyre Coote having deemed it necessary to visit the different Stations of the Army, in order to form such Military Arrangements as the Service required, and it being expected that his Presence would be mostly confined to the Grand Posts of the Army, stationed and employed in the Defence of the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier; and the said Nabob Vizier being bound to discharge the actual Expences of all the Troops employed for the Protection of the Countries lying beyond the River Carumnajfa, it was for these and other Reasons resolved in Council, on the Proposal of the said Warren Hastings, that the Field Allowances and Travelling Charges of the said Sir Eyre Coote as Commander in Chief, when in the Field, Should be added to the Debit of the said Vizier’s Account, as a Part of his general Subsidy; the said Charge to commence from the Day of the said Commander in Chiefs passing the said River Carumnajfa, and to continue till his Return to the same Line j and that the said Nabob Vizier Should be written to on the Subject. And the said Warren HaJ-tings denies that, by proposing or concurring in such Resolution, he acted in the Prosecution of a System of Profusion or Prodigality, or in any Violation of the Treaty between the East India Company and the Nabob Vizier.

And the said Warren Hastings admits. That some Time in the Month of Oftobe One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, the Court of DireClors, reserving foY a future Opportunity their full Sentiments and Instructions on the Subject, did express a Disappro-bation of the said Allowances, and direct that they Should be discontinued on the Receipt of such their Order. And the said Warren Hastings avers, that the said Allowances were, immediately on the Receipt of the said Order, in Obedience thereto, discontinued. And he denies, that he did of his own private Authority continue to the said Sir Eyre Coote such Allowances as are in the said Fourth Article dated, or that the same were, by the Command or Authority of the said Warren-Hastings, continued to be paid by the Vizier for the Ulo and Behoof of the said Sir Eyre Coote.

And the said Warren Hastings further denies. That in all or any of the Acts, Orders, Allowances, or

Contracts,

Contracts, done, made, granted, or ordered by the said Warren Hafiings, he the said Warren has

been guilty of any Misconduct, Offence, Crime, or Misdemeanor whatsoever,

And the said Warren Hafiings admits, That, in the Month of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, the Governor General and Council, the said Warren Hafiings being then Governor General, did appoint James Peter Auriol, Esquire, to be Agent for providing Supplies for the Relief of the Presidcncy of Madras, at which Settlement there was a great Scarcity of Provisions: But the said Warren Hafiings denies that this Measure was in pursuance of any prodigal or corrupt System of Government, or that the same was a Measure either prodigal or corrupt.

And the said Warren Hafiings, denying that he did unite in his own Person all the Powers of Government, admits that the said Auriol did require the usual Commission, and that the said Warren Hafiings and the Council did determine that he Should be allowed for the said Agency a Commission of Fifteen per Cent. upon his Disbursements, the said Warren Hafiings and the Council conceiving the same to have been, under all the Circumstances, a proper Allowance.

And the said Warren Hafiings admits that the said James Peter Auriol was at the same Time, and by the same Authority, appointed Agent of Supplies to the other Presidencies, and to the Island of Saint Helena, with the same Commission. And the said Warren Hafiings fays, that though the Proposal of the said Auriol did not extend to the said other Presidencies, and to the said Island, yet the said Warren Hafiings did believe that there existed a Necessity of providing Supplies for the same from Bengal, and that the best Mode of providing them was by the Way of Agency.

And the said Warren Hafiings admits that the said Auriol was, at the Time of such Appointment, and had been for some Time before, one of the Secretaries of the Supreme Council, which Office, at the Time when the said Auriol succeeded to the fame, had by the public Authority of the Board, suffered a Reduction in the regular Salary annexed to it j but the said Warren Hafiings, though he does not remember to have made any such Declaration as is in the said Fourth Article Hated, and positively averring, that neither in the Creation of the said Agency, nor in fixing the Terms thereof, he was in any Manner actuated by any Motives of private Favour to the said James Peter Auriol, humbly infills that the Experience which the East India Company had acquired, of the long and laborious Services of the said James Peter Auriol, in the said Office, and of his Abilities and Integrity, did afford a reasonable Cause of Preference in the Choice of a fit Person to execute an Agency of so important a Nature.

And the said Warren Hafiings fays. That on the Twenty-fifth Day of March, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the Governor General and Council, he being then Governor General, did, as a proper Alteration in the Allowance of the said Agency, resolve, that, from the Thirty-first Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, the said Auriol should draw no more Commission on the Freight and Charges of Shipping, or on any other Charges, than the Rate of Five per Cent. being the customary Amount drawn by Merchants; but he denies that he was thereby guilty of any Crimi-jial Misrepresentation whatsoever.

And the said Warren Hafiings admits that some Complaints wer tmade concerning Rice and other Provisions supplied by the said Auriol, which Complaint having been immediately enquired into, and satisfactorily answered, and the proper Execution of the said Contract, on the Part of the said Auriol, having been fully ascertained, the said Warren Hafiings further admits he did, in Concurrence with the other

5

Members of the Council, continue the said Auriol in the said Agency; but the said Warren Hafiings denies that he did discourage any just or necessary Enquiry into the Execution of this Service, or any Complaint of the Non-performance thereof.

And the said Warren Hafiings denies that in any of the supposed Declarations, or that by all or any of the Acts or Deeds by him, touching the Matters aforesaid, made, done, or committed* he did violate his Duty, or break the Trust reposed in him, or that he was Qr is guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

And the said Warren Hafiings further fays. That in the Month of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, he did, while Governor General and as Commander in Chief of Fort William in Bengal, propose in Council a Plan for supplying, by Means of an Agent, the Garrison of that Fort with a continual Store of Provisions sufficient for a Siege; which Plan was approved by the Council; but he denies that he induced them to approve thereof, otherwise than by dating the Nature of his said Plan,-and his Reasons for proposing it; and he admits that the same was a new Plan; but he avers, that an adequate Necessity did exist for the said Appointment.

And the said Warren Hafiings further fays, That at a subsequent Meeting of the Board, they did, on the Motion of the said Warren Hafiings, appoint John Belli, Esquire, to the said Agency; but the said Warren Hafiings denies, that he did propose the said John Belli from a Spirit of Criminal Partiality to his own Favourites, as in the said Article is charged; but on the contrary avers, that his Recommendation of the said John Belli was made in full Confidence, that the said Trust would thereby be faithfully and effectually discharged.

And the said Warren Hafiings further fays, That in consequence of a Reference by the Board to Three Merchants, respecting the Rate of Commission to be allowed for providing the Articles in Question, the said Merchants did report their Opinion to be, that no Agent could undertake to supply the Stores required, and to keep up the specified Quantity in constant good Order, for less than certain Rates therein specified, amounting in the Whole to Twenty Pounds per Cent.; but the said Warren Hafiings, being convinced from authentic Documents and Calculations, as well as from other Enquiries, that the said Service could not be effectually performed at the Rate of Commission so reported, did propose, and the Board did resolve, to fix the Rate of Commission at Fifteen per Cent, on providing the said Articles, and FifteenCent, more for Loffes arising from replacing decayed and damaged Stores, and renewing the whole Deposit of Victualling Stores every Year, which the said Agent, by his proposed Engagement, was bound to do: And the said Warren Hafiings fays, that the said Terms were reasonable and proper, with a View to the effectual Execution of the said Service.

And the said Warren. Hafiings denies. That he did make any such Engagements or Declaration touching the said Commission, as in the said Fourth Article is charged against him; but the said Warren Hafiings admits, that, in Consequence of some Objections being made to the aforesaid Plan of Supply, he did declare to the Effect following, that is to say, *« The Utility " or Inutility of the Measure which has given rife to these Objections and Answers, will be best proved

by its Effect; and that this may be fairly made, I " pledge myself that Mr. Belli shall keep exact Accounts of the Purchases, Charges, and Expendi-« ture of all the Stores committed to his Charge, and " I will become responsible for his producing them " before the Board, if ever the Court of Directors " shall be pleased to order it; and that the Profits " arising therefrom shall be paid into the Company’s

« Treasury,

5i 5° Decembris. A. 1787.

tc Treasury, and appropriated as they shall direct, if *« they shall not deem them the just Reward of Mr. u Belli’s Services and Fidelity."

And the said Warren Hajlings deniesj That he had any Connection or Concern, directly or indirectly, in the Interests of the said John > touching the said Agency, or in ahy other Respeft whatsoever.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the Court of Directors having, upon an erroneous Statement of the Profits of the said John Belli, directed a proportionable Reduction of them to be made j and it appeared that the Amount of the Profits actually received by the said John Belli were much below the Amount virtually allowed him by the said Orders, the said Warren Hajlings and the Council did agree that the Subject should again be referred to the Consideration of the Court of Directors, and the same was referred accordingly j but no further Orders were received from them on that Subje'Ct, during the Time the said Warren Hajlings remained in India.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That in the Month of August, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, the Board of Council, on the Motion of the said Warren Hajlings, did agree to convert the Agency of the said John Belli into a Contract for the Space of Five Years, on the same Terms, and at the same Rate of Allowance as before mentioned} but the said Warren Hajlings denies that the said Measure was of the Nature, or had the Tendency, or proceeded from the Motives, in the said Fourth Article charged.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that in all or any of the Declarations, Acts, or Proceedings by him made, done, proposed, or perpetrated, or supposed to have been made,done, proposed, or perpetrated, touching the Matters aforesaid, he the said Warren Hajlings was or is guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever,

FIFTH ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Fifth Article, the said Warren Hajlings fays. That Sujab ul Dowla, Nabob of Oude, and Vizier of the Empire, did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, engage in a War with the Tribe or Nation of the Rohillas , and that he the said Warren Hajlings did, whilst he was President of the Presidency of Fort William in Bengal, engage the East India Company to assist the said Sujab Dowla, their Ally, in the Prosecution of the said War.

And he further fays, That the Nabob Fyzoola Khan, a Chief of the Rohillas, did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, after the Defeat of the Rohilla Army, make his Retreat to the Frontier of the Rohilla Country, and in that Situation did make Overtures of Peace to Alexander Champion, Commander in Chief of the Forces of the Company in Bengal, and who, at the Time of such Overtures, commanded the Troops of the Company, then serving against the Rohillas. And the said Warren tings admits, that the said Alexander Champion did, in a Letter addreflfed to the said Warren Hajlings, communicate to the President and Council of the said East India Company through the said Warren Haf-tings, then being President as aforesaid, certain Overtures of Peace, which had been then lately made to him by Fyzoola Kban, and submitted by him, the said Alexander Champion, to the said Vizier, but which the said Vizier had rejected with Difdain} and the said Alexander Champion did, in that Letter, express his Regret at such Rejection, and his Wish that the Board Should, upon due Consideration of the said Overtures, devise any Means by which the Public Good might be promoted. And the said Warren Hajlings

denies, that the Terms of Peace bffered by the said Fyzoola Kban were wife or advantageous either for the Vizier or the Company. And the said Warren Haf-tings'iays, that he did, in Answer to the Letter of the said Alexander Champion, in June, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, declare his Opinion, " that, instead of soliciting the Vizier to relin-f< quiih his Conquest of the said Fyzoola Khan, every " Argument Should be used to dissuade him from such an Intention} and that it was the Desire of " the said Warren Hajlings, that the said Alexander " Champion would discourage it as much as was in <c his Power." But the said Warren Hajlings denies, that, in so doing, he acted in Violation of any Principles of Justice or found Policy, or contrary to any Duties of his Station. And the said Warren -tings admits, that, at the several Times referred to in the said Fifth Article, the Government of the said Company in Bengal was carried on by a President and Council, and that such Select Committee, was appointed, as is stated in the said Fifth Article} he affirms, however, that the President had Authority in certain Cafes to act singly, and to fend Orders without the Concurrence of the said Council or Select Committee. And the said Watren Hajlings admits, that, whilst he was President, as aforesaid, he did, in Conjunction with the Select Committee, in a Letter from them to the said Alexander Champion, dated the Eighth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, express themselves to the Effest following: " That their Satisfaction upon the " entire Reduction of the Rohilla Country to the " Vizier’s Government was increased by the Vizier’s Intentions of terminating the War by an Accommodation with the Rohillas, which might be easily " settled in their distressed Situation, and that they " hoped his Excellency would be disposed to con-,f ciliate their Affections to his Government, by acceding to lenient Terms." But the said Warren Hajlings, denying that he did afterwards violate the said public Order or Instruction, fays, that he did, on the Sixteenth Day of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, in a Letter of that Date, addressed to the said Alexander Champion, in Answer ,to Two Letters of the Twenty-first and Twenty-sixth of August, received that Morning, express an Hope, " that the said Alexander Champion had resolved to " prosecute the War to a final Issue, because he " thought it appeared very plainly that Fyzoola Khan u and his Adherents lay at the Mercy of the said " Alexander Champion, and because he apprehended *f much Inconvenience from Delays, and because he " was morally certain that no Good would be gained " by negociating." And the said Warren Hajlings did, in that Letter, further suggest, ct Thai; although " he had referred the said Alexander Champion to the " Vizier for conducting all Negociations, yet he by " no Means wished that the Vizier should lose Time, " by seeking for an Accommodation: That it would *f be more effectual, more decisive, and more confiftent with his Dignity, and with his Honour, which " he had already pledged, to abide by his first " Offers, to dictate the Conditions of Peace, and " to admit only an Acceptance without Reservatien, or a clear Refusal, from his Adversary." And the said Warren Hajlings did, in the same Letter, inform the said Alexander Champion, That he did intend to communicate the Substance of the said Alexander Champion’s Advices to the Select Committee for their fuller Sentiments on the Measures to be thereafter taken } but, in the mean Time, to prevent the Danger of Delay, he desired that the said Alexander Champion would be pleased to receive those Instructions for his Guide. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that at the Time he wrote the said last mentioned Letter of the Sixteenth of September, he did confidently believe that

the

28 Geo. III. c° Decembris. 53

the Sentiments of the Select Committee entirely coincided with his own,supon the several Subjects Of the said Letter; and, inasmuch as he then united in his own Person, by virtue of his Commission from the India Company, the Powers and Authorities both of Commander in Chief and of President, he did conceive himself warranted by such his Powers and Authorities; thte Exigencies of Public Service, and the Necessity of avoiding the Dangers of Delay," to give an instant Answer to the Two Letters received by him from the said Alexander Champion, as aforesaid, without waiting for a formal Communication with the Select Committee: But he fays, that the Letter last mentioned wai, on the Seventeenth Day of September, bea ing the Day next after the same was written by him* laid before the said Select Committee, who did approve of the fame, and notify such their Approbation to the said Alexander Champion, in a Letter dated the said Seventeenth of September. And the said Warren Hastings denies* that he did, by his Conduct last mentioned, Violate the Duty of his Station, or illegally or clandestinely, or in any other Manner, counteract the Object of the Orders of the said Select Committee, or that he was in any Manner guilty of such Duplicity* 'or incurred such Risque respecting the Conclusion-of the; War as is charged upon him by the said Fifth Article. And the said Warren Hastings fays* that a Treaty of Peace and Friendship between the Vizier and the said Fyzoola Khan was concluded on the Seventh of her. One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, at a Plaee called Lai Dang, previous to the Receipt of the said Letter of the said Warren Hastings of the Sixteenth of September, One thousartd Seven hundred and Seventy-four. That the said Fyzoola Khan, in Consideration of the Conclusion thereof, agreed to pay, and in fast paid, the Sum of Fifteen Lacks of Rupees, or some other large Sum of Money, to the said Sujab ul Dewldb, by which Treaty the said Fyzoola Khan was established in the quiet Possession of the Territories of Ramp'dre, and some other Districts dependant thereon* in the Nature of Jaghires. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that the said Alexander Champion did, on the said Seventh of ORober, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-four, sign and seal the said Treaty as a Withefs thereto. But the said Warren Hastings denies that the said Alexander Champion did thereby engage the said United Company to guarantee the same or that at the Time of the Execution of the said Treaty he Was invested with Power so to do. And the said Warren Hastings denies that he understood the Guarantee of the Company to be so engaged, although he admits that, under the Circumstances which attended the Execution of the said Treaty, it would have been proper for the said East India Company to have interfered, in order to prevent any Infraction thereof. And the said Warren Hastings believes that the said Fyzoola Khan did conceive Doubts and Apprehensions that the Security of his Jaghire Lands might be disputed by the Vizier; and fays, that Applications from the said Fyzoola Khan were at several Times communicated, both to the said Warren Hastings and the Supreme Council at Bengal, for the Purpose of obtaining the Guarantee of the said Company to the Engagements of the said Vizier with the said Fyzoola Khan. But the said Warren Hastings denies that he did for many Months, or at all, conceal or keep secret any Solicitations of the said Fyzoola Khan upon that Subject; and he fays, that all Letters received from the said Fyzoola Khan by the said Warren Hastings were, in Effect, a Communication to, and Part of a Correfpoiidence with, the whole Board; and that the fame, as the said Warren Hastings believes, were duly entered in the Book of Per/tan Correspondence, which was always open to the Inspection of the Board, and accessible by every Member thereof. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that a Letter having been received by the Board Vol. XL.III.

from the said Middleton, dated at Lucknow, the Twenty-fifth of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, notifying, amongst other Things, his Deputation of Mr. Daniel Bar-well to Runt-

pore, the Capital of the said Fyzoola Khan, for the Purposes stated in the said Article, he the said Warren Hastings did, upon the Ninth of One thousand

Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, propose, and the Council, of which the Majority was constituted as is stated in the Fifth Article, did approve of the Appointment of thefadDanielORaviusBarwe the said Middleton; and did further resolve, " That the said Cf Resident Middleton should be authorized to offer the " Company’s Guarantee for the Observance of the " Treaty subsisting between the Vizier and Fyzoola " Khan, provided it Should meet with the Vizier’s " Concurrence." And the said Warren Hastings fays, that the said Daniel ORavius Bar-well did, in a Letter to

Mr. Middleton, report his Opinion of the good Faith of the said Fyzoola Khan, and did inform the said Middleton, that he* said Barwell, had himself allured the said Fyzoola Khan that he Fyzoola Khan had preserved inviolate every Article of the Treaty of Lai Dang; but the said Warren Hastings does not believe or admit that the said Fyzoola Khan had preserved inviolate the said Treaty. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that it was represented to him and the Council at Calcutta, that the Vizier Afoph ul Dowla did consent to the Grant of the Company’s Guarantee, on Condition that he Should receive the Presents usually offered on such Occasions; and that it was in- like Manner represented that the said Treaty and Guarantee was presented to the said Fyzoola Khan with great Solemnity; and that the said Fyzoola Khan did deliver to the said Daniel ORavius Barwell a Nuzzer of Two Elephants and Horses, and a Lack of Rupees for the Vizier, and did offer a Lack of Rupees also for the Company, in Testimony of his Gratitude on that Occasion. And the said Warren Hastings admits that the said Daniel ORavius Barwell did not immediately accept the said Money, but took an Obligation for the fame, and that the said Offer was communicated to the Board at Calcutta; and that the said Warren Hastings did propose, and that the Board, notwithstanding the Objection of Mr. Francis, then a Member of the said Board, did agree to accept the same for the Use of the Company, and that the same was accordingly so accepted; but the said Warren Hastings denies, that by the Whole pr any Part of the Conduct of him the said Warren Hastings, in respect to the Matters aforesaid, he has violated the Faith of the Company, or degraded the English Nation in the Eyes of India, or has broken any Treaty, or violated any Duty of the Trust reposed in him. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that by the Treaty of Lai Dang, the said Fyzoola Khan did engage,

" That he would always whilst he lived continue in " Submission and Obedience to the Nabob Vizier, and retain in his Service Five thousand Men, ftipu- lated by the Nabob Vizier, and not a single Man <l more: That with whomsoever the Nabob Vizier Should engage in Hostilities, he would afilft him} " and that if the Nabob Vizier Should fend an Army " against any Enemy, he would also fend Two or Three thousand of his Troops to join them; and if the said Vizier Should go in Person against any " Enemy, he the said Fyzoola Khan would Personally " attend him with his Forces. That he would have " no Connexion with any Person but the Nabob Vi-<c zier, and would hold no Correspondence with any " one (the English Chiefs excepted): That whatever " the Nabob Vizier directed, he would execute; and tc that he would at all Times, and on all Oceafions, " both in Adversity and Prosperity, continue his firm " Associate." And the said Warren Hastings admits, that >t was not stipulated by the said Treaty whether all or any of the said Troops Should consist of Cavalry:

P And

54 5 Decembris.A. 1787*

x

And he fays, that the Resident Middleton was, in the And the said Warren Hastings admits that 'such Treaty, Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, called the Treaty of made, containing,

empowered to guarantee, and did in fast guarantee, amongst other Things, the following Article: " That the Treaty of Lai Dang aforesaid; and that certain " as Khan had, by his Breach of Treaty, for-

Doubts having occurred to Fyzoola Khan respecting the " feited the Protection of the Government,

Guarantee of the said Middleton,that he the said War- *« and caused, by his Continuance in his present inde* ren Hastings, in order to satisfy those Doubts, did, in " pendant State, great Alarm and Detriment to the or about the Month of May, One thousand Seven " Nabob, that the said Nabob Should be permitted, hundred and Seventy-eight, propose to the Board to " when Time should suit, to resume his Lands, and confirm, and in consequence or a Resolution of the pay him in Money, through the Resident, the Board did in fast confirm, the said Treaty and Gua- " Amount stipulated by Treaty, after deducing the rantee as Governor General as aforesaid. Amount and Charges of the Troops he Rood en-

And the said Warren Hastings, denying that he did " gaged to furnish by Treaty, which Amount Should disregard the Pledge of his own private Honour, or " be passed to the Account of the Company during that he did aft in opposition to the Intent and Mean- " the Continuance of the War}" but the said Warren ing of the said Treaty, as he then knew or understood Hastings denies that he received the Sum of One hun- the fame, fays, That some Time in the Year One dred thousand Pounds, or any other Sum of Money, thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-eight, a War as a Consideration to him the said Warren Hastings for having lately broke out between the Englip and French executing the said Treaty, or that the Execution of Nation, in which War the Nabob Vizier was engaged such Treaty was in any Manner influenced or procur-on the Part of the East India Company, the said Fy- cd thereby.

toola Khan did, about that Time, in a Letter add relied And the said Warren , denying that he did,

to Mr. Middleton, then Resident at Oude, taking Notice by making or executing the said Article of the Treaty that the said Fyzoola Khan had learnt that such War aforesaid, corruptly or treacheroufiy break the Faith of had broken out between th eEhglipand French Nation, the Company, admits, That he did, about the Time of offer to furnish Two thousand Cavalry to be em- executing the said Treaty, communicate to the Mem-ployed in the Service of the Company, which Offer bers of the Supreme Council at Calcutta his Reasons the said Governor General and Council did accept; for entering into the said Article of the said Treaty in and that Five hundred of those Troops did accord- the Manner and in the Terms suggested in the said Ingly serve under Major Brifco, a BritipOfficer, and Fifth Article of Impeachment. And the said Warren that in consequence of Representations made to the Hastings admits that he did, some Time in the Year Board by the Commander in Chief, of the Necessity One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, give of increasing the Force then under the Command of Instructions to the said Middleton to prevent the Vizier that Officer, arid a reasonable Cause existing for the from resuming the Jaghire of the said Fyzoola Khan. fame, the Board did unanimously resolve to recom- And the said Warren Hastings denies that, in the mak-mend to the Vizier to require from the said Fyzoola ing or executing the said Treaty of Chunar, or by any Khan the Quota of Troops stipulated by Treaty to be Declaration or Instructions respecting the fame, he was furnished by the said Fyzoola Khan, for his the said or is guilty of all or any of the Offences in the said Vizier’s Service, and did represent the same as amount- Fifth Article mentioned, or of any Offence whatsoever, ing to Five thousand Horse; but the said Warren or that he was guilty of any Disregard to the Princi-Hastings admits, that the Representation then made by pies upon which Treaties between Nation and Nation him under such Order of the said Board was erroneous ought to rest, or that he placed the East India Com-in respect to the Force' which the said Fyzoola Khan pany in such a Situation as in the said Fifth Article is was, by the Terms of the said Treaty, obliged to fur- described. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that it nish. And the said Warren Hastings avers, that the having been communicated to him that a Plan was Representation aforesaid was made in consequence of under the Vizier’s Consideration for proposing to Ay-mere Error and Mistake on his Part, and, as he be- zoola Khan to commute the uncertain Military Aid lieves, also on the Part of every other Member of the which the said Fyzoola Khan was bound to furnish for Council. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that the a pecuniary Subsidy, the said Warren did, in

Board did afterwards, upon his Motion, desire the said a Conversation with the said Sir Elijah express

Vizier to demand Three thousand Horse from the said his Approbation of such Plan; and he believes that Fyzoola Khan, and the said Vizier did accordingly de- such Approbation was, in consequence thereof, command the fame, and the said Fyzoola Kban was, as the municated by the said Sir Elijah Impey to the said said Warrenllaftingsbelieves, able to supply such Force. Middleton but the said Warren Hastings denies that. And the said Warren Hastings denies that be did, at to his Knowledge or Belief, any Demand was actually the Time of the making either of the several Demands made by the said Middleton upon the said Fyzoola Khan above mentioned, know or believe that the said Fyzoola of such Subsidy.

Khan was not bound by Treaty or otherwise t* furnish And the said Warren Hastings fays. That the said the Quantity of Force at those several Periods respec- Middleton did ptopose to the Governor General and tively demanded; nor, as to the said last mentioned Council, that a Cession of his Jaghire Should be re-Demand, does the said Warren Hastings now admit that quired from Fyzoola Khan, upon certain Conditions; the said Fyzoola Khan was, according to the Intent and but the said or ren Hastings denies that such Cession Meaning of the Parties to the Treaty, not so bound, was ever, to his Knowledge or Belief, actually de-And the said Warren Hastings denies that, by all or arty manded by the said Middleton from the said Fyzoola of the several Acts by him supposed to have beCn Khan, or that the making of such Demand was ever committed, or by all or any of the Premises herein in any Manner authorized or approved by the Board, contained, he did break the Company’s Guarantee And the said Warren Hastings denies. That by en-given to the said Fyzoola Kban as aforesaid, or excitfc tering into the Third Article of the Treaty of Chunar the Vizier to any Acts of Violence or Breach of Treaty he did render the said Fyzoola Kban liable to any eon-against the said Fyzoola Khan; and as to so much of tradiftory Demands whatsoever. And the said Warren the said Fifth Article as respects the Powers wherewith Hastings denies that he did, at the Time stated in the the said Warren Hastings was or is supposed to have said Fifth Article, or at any other Time whatsoever, been inverted, and whereby he was authorized to if> any Manner nominate Major Palmer, in the said proceed to the said Country of Oude, the said Warren Fifth Article mentioned, to repair to Rumpore, or ever Hastings humbly craves Leave to refer to his Answer empowered him to act with Fyzoola Khan as the pfi-already made to the Second Article, in that Behalf, vate Agent of him the said Warren Hastings; but the said

said Warren Hajlings fays, that the said Palmer was, about the Time mentioned in the said Article, Tent to "Lucknow and other Places, with the Approbation of the Board, for the Execution of certain Public Purposes, and was, upon that Occasion, verbally instructed by him the said Warren Hajlings to make certain Enquiries respecting the Affairs of the said Fyzoola Khan. The said Warren Hajlings however begs Leave to infill, that he was not, in respect of such verbal Instructions, guilty of any criminal Concealment, or that he acted in any Manner contrary to the Duties of his Station. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he does not know or believe that the said Middleton did demand from the said Fyzoola Khan a Force to be made stationary at Luckno, in the Province of Oude. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the Board of Council at Calcutta did, in the Month of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, at the instance and upon the Recommendation of the said Warren Hajlings, remove the said Mr* dleton from the Residency of in the Province

of Oude, and appoint the said Mr. Bristow Resident in his Place, with full Power and Authority to discharge the Duties of the said Office. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that it was reprefen ted to him the said Warren Hajlings, that the said Mr. Bristow did, fooft after his Appointment, endeavour to procure, on the Behalf of the Vizier, through a certain Person called AliffKhan, Vakeel of Fyzoola Khan, a Pecuniary Aid from the said Fyzoola Khan, in lieu of the Military Aid which the said Fyzoola Khan was obliged to furnish, agreeable to the Stipulations in the said Treaty of Lai Dang -, but the said Warren Hajlings does not understand or believe that such Pecuniary Aid was ever required by the said Bristow, otherwise than in lieu of, and as a Commutation for Military Aid: And the said Warren Hajlings admits that the said Fyzoola Khan was not bound to supply such Pecuniary Aid. And the said WarrenHaJlings fays, that the said Mr. iow did, soon after his said Appointment, in a Letter dated the Nineteenth December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and addressed by him to the Governor General and Council at Bengal, represent that he had, in Obedience to their Commands, advised the Nabob Vizier to concert and form a new and permanent Agreement with the Nabob Fyzoola Khan, which might obviate all future Signs of Jealousy or Distrust; that the Mode which his Excellency had thought the rtioft eligible to effect those Purposes, was the Deputation of a Gentleman, who Should be authorized to settle all disputed Points j and that he took the Liberty to recommend, that Major William Palmer should undertake that Service: And that the said Mr. Bristow did, by another Letter, dated the Thirtieth Day of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, addressed to the said Governor General and Council, represent, that the said Mr. Bristow had given the said Major Palmer certain instructions, in Obedience to the Commands of the Vizier. But the said Warren Hajlings, admitting that the Appointment of Major Palmer was afterwards approved by himself and the rest of the Board at Calcutta, denies that the said Major Palmer was in any Manner so deputed, for the Purpose of carrying into Execution any unjust or arbitrary Plans of him the> said Warren Hajlings. And the said fays, that the said Major Palmer was particularly di-retted by himself and the rest of the Board at Bengal, in a Letter to Mr. Bristow, bearing Date the Twenty-third of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, to endeavour to convert the Stipulation for Troops into a fixed Subsidy. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that a Supply of Money was upon any other Ground, or in arty other Manner than is abpve stated, endeavoured to be obtained from thp

said Fyzoola Khan, by the Direction of him the said Warren Hajlings, or by the Direction of any other Person whatsoever, to the best of his Knowledge and" Belief.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That at the Time when he, together with the rest of the Board at Calcutta, did recommend that the Stipulation for Troops Should be converted into a fixed Subsidy, h^ did also, together with the said Council, by the same Letter declare, " That if Fyzoola Should refufit " to treat for a Subsidy, and claim the Benefit of his " original Agreement in its literal Expression, he pouefled a Right which they could not dispute/* And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he, together with the said Board, did, at the same Time, and by* the said last mentioned Letter, state to the said Brij-tow that in case the said Fyzoola Kban Should refuse to treat for a Subsidy, it would in that same remain only to fix a precise Number of Horse which he Should furnish, which ought at least to exceed Two thousand Five hundred; but that also was to be left for difere-tional Adjustment. And the said Warren Hajlings apprehends, that the said Fyzoola Kban was, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Treaty of Lai Dang, bound to furnish the said last mentioned Number of Horse. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the Board at Calcutta did, by the Letter last mentioned, communicate through Mr. Bristow the Resident aforesaid, to the said Major Palmer, Inflections, amongst other Things, "to demand the Surrcnder of all the Ryotts of the Nabob Vizier’s Dominions, to whom Fyzoola Khan had given Prosection and Service, or an Annual Tribute, in Compensation for the Loss fuftairied by the Nabob Vizier in his Revenue thus transferred to Fyzoold "Khan, declaring that his Encouragement of the Desection of the Subjects of his Sovereign Lord, and " his Acceptance of their Allegiance, was contrary to " the most ancient and fundamental Laws of the " Constitution of Hindostan, and a Crime against the " Nabob Vizier his, Sovereign j and' taking Notice " that the said Bristow had stated the Increase of hia " Jaghire, occasioned by that Ad, at the moderatd " Sum of Fifteen Lacks, they declared that the Tribute ought to be at least One Third of that " Amount." And the said Warren Hajlings infills, that the Instruction last mentioned was warranted by information received by the said Board, to the Effect stated in that Letter; and which Information the said Warren Hajlings then believed to be true, although hd admits he did afterwards receive Intelligence from Major Palmer that such Information was not well founded, in the Extent in which the said Warren Haf-tings had before believed the same to be true, and that the said Demand had been on that Account waved which Intelligence from the said Major Palmer was accordingly laid before the Board, who were satisfied therewith. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the said Major Palmer did not, under the Authority of him the said Warren Hajlings, exact from the said Fyzoola Khan the Payment of the said Sum of Money stated in the said Fifth Article, but. under the joint Authority of the Vizier, and the Governor General and Council, did mike an Agreement with the said Fyzoola Khan, that the said Fyzoola Khan Should pay a large Sum of Money, amounting to Fifteen Lacks of Rupees, in Consideration of the Remission of the Military Aid, with which he was by the Treaty of Lai Dang bound to furnish the said Vizier; and that the said Fyzoola Khan was well satisfied with the Terms of that Agreement, and the Consideration for such Payment.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That such Payment was exatted, or that the faVnc was obtained under any false Pretence whatsoever. For the said. . Warren


5® Decembris.

A. 1787.

Warren Hajlings denies, that any Doubts entertained by the said Vizier and the said , or either

of them, respecting the Number and Description of those Troops, with which he was bound to supply the said Vizier, were created or raised by him the said Warren Hajlings, or that he was guilty of any faithless or improper Conduct in respect to the Premises in the said Fifth Article mentioned. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that it was stipulated between the said Palmer, and the said Fyzoola , that the said

Sum of Money Should be paid by certain periodical Payments. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty four, finding that Two Lacks of the above ftipul Ated Sum were then in regular Course of Payment, and that the remaining Three were not due by Stipulation till the next Season, he did, with a View to the speedy and final Adjustment of that Account, and the Convenience of the Public Service, but not in Disregard of any Stipulations on this Subject, intimate to the Vakeel of the said Fyzoola Kban his Wilh to have both Payments immediately concluded, and that the same were in Compliance with such Request of the said Warren Hajlings accordingly made.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he did by all or any of the supposed Acts or Deeds in the said Fifth Article set forth, or in respect of any of the Premises, violate any Ties of Honour or Conscience, or in any Manner betray his Trust. And the said Warren Hajlings.iuxxhtv denies, that all or any of the Acts by him done were productive of any such Consequences as are stated in the said Fifth Article, or that in' or by all or any of the Premises, he was or is guilty df any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

SIXTH ARTICLE.

AND the said Warren H, in Answer to the said Sixth Article, fays, That he did on the Tenth Day of February,in the Year One thousand Seven

hundred and Sixty-nine, by an Indenture of that Date made between the East India Company and himself, covenant, that he would not at any Time during his being employed in the said Company’s Service, in any Station or Capacity whatsoever, accept, take, or receive any Gift, Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, or Donation, from any of the Indian Princes, or any of their Ministers, Servants, or Agents, exceeding the Value of Four thousand Rupees, without the Licence or Consent of the Court of Directors of the said Company, nor any such Reward, Gratuity, Allowance, or Donation, exceeding the Value of One thousand Rupees, and under the Value of Four thousand Rupees, without the Licence and Consent of the President and Council for the Time being, of the Presidency, or Settlement, where the said Warren Hajlings Should be employed.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That by on Act of Parliament, passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Receipt of Presents by the Servants of the India Company was prohibited in the Manner stated in the said Act.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That a Salary amounting to Twenty-five thousand Pounds a Year, together with certain other Emoluments, was provided for the Office of President and Governor General by the East India Company, and by the Act of Parliament aforesaid; and that he did in Fad receive the said Salary,'and enjoy the said Emoluments. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he did, either before or since the passing of the said Act, or whilst he continued, such President and Governor General as

aforesaid, extort, or corruptly} illegally, or criminally take, accept, or retain any Sum or Sums of Money as Presents, Gifts, Donations, Gratuities, or Rewards, or in any other corrupt, illegal, or criminal Manner whatsoever} or that he was in any such Respect guilty of any Violation of the Duties of his Office, or did ad in Defiance of the Act of Parliament above mentioned, or in contradiction to his Understanding of the fame.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That he did hot fraudulently solicit any Loan from Rajah -kijjin, as in the said Sixth Article is suggested: But the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he did receive from the said NobkiJJin the Sum in the said Sixth Article mentioned, for the Use and Benefit of the East India Company; and did afterwards inform the Directors of the East India Company that he had received such Sum of Money for their tJfe^ And he further fays, that having incurred certain Expences in his Public Capacity for Public Oses, and properly chargeable td ' the said Company, and which he had omitted t charge in his Official Accounts to the said Company at the Periods in which such Expences had been respectively incurred, he did apply the said Sunri of Money in Satisfaction of those Expences, a particular and sufficient Account whereof was by him transmitted to the Court of Directors. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that he did, at or about the several Times in the said Sixth Article mentioned, receive from Saddamind, the Buxey or Treasurer of

Sing, from AJopb ul Dowla, the Nabob of and from a Person called Nundoolol, the several Sums charged in the said Sixth Article to have been tefpec-tively received by him from the said several Persons. But he fays, that he did not take, accept, or receive the same, or any of them, or any Part thereof, for his owni Use or Benefit, or with any Intent or Purpose so to apply the fame, or with any corrupt or criminal Intent or Purpose whatsoever} and that the fame, and every of them, and every Part thereof, were by him respectively accepted and received, during a Period of great public Exigency, for the sole Use and Benefit of the East India Company} and he avers that the fame, and every of them, and every Part thereof, were accordingly so applied.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he did ever, in any Manner, contrary to his Duty, or inju-rioully to the Interests of the said East India Company, or of the Brilijls Nation, let any Lainds to Kil~

lerani and Cullian Sing, or either of them, as in the said Sixth Article is alledged} but the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the Governor General and Council, but not he the said Warren Hajlings alone, did let the said Lands to the said Persons, from whom he did accept and receive, in Consideration thereof, an Obligation or Security for the Sum in the said Article mentioned.} and he fays, that the Terms upon which the said Lands were letten, were proper to be made, and were advantageous to the said Company, for whole Use and Benefit the said Security was taken as aforesaid: And he further fays, that the whole of the Sum received upon the said Security was accordingly so applied.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That the Governor General and Council did, on divers Days and Times, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, legally and regularly meet: But the said Warren Hajlings denies, that he was, at the Time of any such Meetings, ever charged with the Receipt of the Sum of Money in the said Sixth Article alledged to have been extorted by Cantoo Baboo, from Maba Ranny Bowannee, or that such Receipt or Tranf-action was ever proved before the said Council.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That the Court of Directors did write a Letter to the Effect in

X the

the said Sixth Article stated; and he fays, that Munny Begum was, by a Vote of the President and Council, the said Warren Hajlings being then President, and re-

commending that Measure, appointed to the Office of Guardian of the Nabob ill to

which Office the said Warren avers, it was

then proper and expedient to appoint the Paid Mutiny Begum j &nd he denies, that such Appointment did invest her in any Degree with the Government of his Dominions, if by that Expression is meant the Government of Bengal, or was contrary to the Orders of the Court of Directors, or that the same was to the Prejudice of the Rights and Interest of the said Company, or of the Nation.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That by a Resolution of the President and Council, he the said Warren Hajlings being then Piefident, and concurring the rein, Kban Jehan Cawn was appointed to such Office, as is in the said Sixth Article stated, which the said Warren Hajlings admits to have been a Place of Trust and Profit, and to have had such Salary annexed to it, as is stated in the said Article; but the said Warren Hajlings denies, that any such Agreement was made between him and the said Kban Jehan , as in the said Sixth Article is stated.

Aiid the said Warren Hajlings fays, That at a Meeting of the Council held on the Thirtieth,

One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, a Charge was made against him, the said Warren Haf-tings, but not by the Majority of the Council, touching a certain Sum of Money supposed to have been by him received from the said Kban Jehan Khan; and he fays that the said Meeting was by the Board unani-mously difiblved, on the said Thirtieth March.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That he

did, on the Thirty-first MarcOne thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, dissolve a Council then held; but he fays that such Difiolution was not for the of preventing an Enquiry into any Charge against him, he the said Warren Hajlings having, by a Minute, dated Thirteenth , One thousand

Seven hundred and Seventy-five, pointed out a Method to the said Majority, by Which any such Enquiry might be as effectually prosecuted in his Absence as before a Meeting of the Governor General and Council, at which the said Warren Hajlings Should preside as Governor General; and to which Minute he did, on the said Thirty-first of March, refer the said Majority, in order that such Method of Enquiry might by them be adopted; and he denies that such DifTo-lution was arbitrary, illegal, or improper. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that any Charge was, at the Time of such last mentioned Difiolution, made against him by the said Majority; and he fays, that on the Nineteenth Mayfpllowing, at a Council then held, he did, in the Course of certain Enquiries then depending, for certain Reasons which he then stated, object to the said Khan Jehan being examined upon Oath j but he denies that he did ever illegally or violently attempt to prevent, or did prevent, the said Kban Jehan Cawn, or any other Persons, from giving Testimony on Oath before the said Council; and he denies that he did, in all or any of the Re-spefts above stated, violate his Duty as Governor General, or aft in Defiance of any Act of Parliament.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he ever did, whilst he continued such President or Governor General, as aforesaid, appoint any Person or Persons to any Office or Offices, for Gift or Brocage, or in Consideration of any Sum or Sums of Money whatsoever, or that he ever did corruptly, illegally, or ex-torfively, receive or accept from any Person or Persons any Sum or Sums of Money, in Consideration of 'his or their Appointment to any Office or Offices, Vol. XLIII.

either before dr aftef their Admifllon thereto. And the said Warren Hajlings further denies that he ha9 concealed or kept secret any Receipt of Money, as in the said Article is suggested. And the said Hajlings denies that he has, in respect of all or any of the several Matters stated in the said Sixth Article, violated any of the Duties of his Station, subverted good Government, shewn an evil Example to the Servants of the East India Company, been guilty of Corruption, Peculation, or Extortion, or has acted in Defiance of any Act of Parliament, or was or is guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatso-: ever.

ARTICLE SEVENTH.

IN Answer to the Seventh Articlej-the said Warrelt Hajlings denies, that by the Laws and Customs of Bengal, according to such Information as he has been able to procure respecting them, the Zemindars havej or have been generally held or reputed to have, such Rights of Property in the Lands of Bengal, as are in the said Seventh Article stated; but he fays, they ard poflfefled of certain qualified Rights of Property therein, which he believes have been charged with Debts, and under certain Limitations fold, and otherwise conveyed: And he further fays, that other Natives, called Talaakdars or Ryots, hold subordinate Rights of Property or Occupancy in the said Lands;. and that the greater Part of the said Natives are whose Rights and Privileges are grounded upon regular Grants; and that the Estates derived thereunder nave, in some Instances, been enjoyed in a Course of Family Succession, and acquired by Purchase, subject however to the Right of the Sovereign Power to derive a Revenue from the Lands, adequate to their real Value, and to make Ordinances and Regulations respecting such Revenues and Lands, not inconfiftenc With the Rights of such Zemindars.

And the said Warren Hajlings has heard and believes. That Bengal was under the Dominion of the Mogul, and subject to a Mohammedan Government, for above Two hundred Years.

And the said Warren Hajlings does not know, or believe it to be true, that while the Mogul Government was fin its Vigour, the State of Property in the Zemindars was such as in the said Seventh Article is stated, or that the Relit of the Provinces had not been materially altered, from the Year One thousand Five hundred and Seventy-three to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty; or that in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Forty the regular and effective Mogul Government ended.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. He has been informed that, from the said last mentioned Period, to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, Invasions, Usurpations, and various Resolutions, did take place in the Government of; in Confe-

quence of which, and of other Circumstances, the Country was considerably reduced and impoverished, and that in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, the East India Company received from the present Mogul Emperor Sha Alum a Grant of the De-wanny of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that there was, about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy, a Famine in the Provinces of Bengal and Bahar, by which he has heard that a great Number of the Inhabitants perished; and he has also heard, that the Revenue was, in the Two Years immediately preceding the Appointment of the said Warren Hajlings to the Government of Fort William, kept up to its former Standard, and collected from the remaining Inhabitants; and that the Country was impoverished.

And

58 5* Decemhris.J. 1787.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That he knew of the Effects produced by the said Famine; and that the Collections of Revenue in the said Provinces, prior to the Appointment of the said Warren Hastings to the said Government; had contributed to increase the Distress of the said Country, and were likely to produce a Decay of the Revenue, unless Means were adopted to prevent such Decay.

And he admits, That it was his Duty, when appointed to the Government of Fort William, to apply such Means for that Purpose as were within his Judgment and Power.

And the said Warren Hastings, denying that the Knowledge and Judgment which he entertained at the Time referred to in the said Seventh Article, respecting the Rights of Zemindars, and the Advantages to be expected from entrusting to them the Collections of the Revenues, are therein fully and truly set forth, craves Leave to refer to a Letter written and transmitted by himself and the Council to the Court of Directors on the Third Day of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, which Letter contains at large the then Knowledge and Judgment of him the said Warren Hastings upon those Subjects; and from which Letter the said Warren Hastings apprehends that the Matters referred to in the said Article are extraded.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That the Court Of Directors having resolved to stand forth as Duan, and by the Agency of the Company’s Servants to take upon themselves the entire Care and Management of the Revenue* of Bengal; and having directed that the Presidency of Fort William should plan and execute this important Work, and adopt such Regulations and pursue such Measures as should at once secure to the Company every possible Advantage, and free the Ryots from the Oppressions of the Zemindars and petty Tyrants, the said Warren Hastings did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, soon after his taking Charge of the Office of President of Fort William, diligently undertake the said important Work; and having employed the belt Means in his Power of procuring Information on a Subject then much involved in Difficulties and Obscurity, the said Warren Hastings did, with the unanimous Concurrence of the then Council of the Presidency of Fort William, form and carry into Execution such Plan for the Collection ind Management of the Revenues of the Province of Bengal, and for the internal Government thereof, as upon mature Consideration appeared to the said Warren Hastings most conformable to the Orders and Intention of the Court of Directors, and belt calculated to promote the Ends proposed.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That certain new Regulations having been completed and publickly notified, the Revenues were settled for a Period of Five Years, upon such Terms as to the President and Council appeared reasonable and just, with progref-live and accumulating Increase on each of the Four last Years of the said Settlement; but he denies that such Settlement of the said Revenues was made at a higher Rate than had ever been received before.

And the said Warren Hastings denies that, in respect of the said Settlement, he acted in any such Manner, or was guilty of any such Offences as are stated in the said Seventh Article, or that the said Settlement, so formed, was, in any Respect, unjust, inexpedient, or improper.

And the said Warren Hastings, denying that, in the Measures herein after mentioned, he acted with a View to accompliffi any iniquitous Purpose whatsoever, alledges it to have been a Part of the Plan hereinbefore mentioned, that the Lands of Bengal Should be let out in Farms; and the said President and Council, he the said Warren listings being then President* did

accordingly publish their Intention so to do, and did invite all Persons to make Proposals for farming the said Lands; but he fays, that such Mode having failed of its intended Effect, it was deemed expedient to put up the Lands to public Auction; and the Lands were accordingly let in th^t Mode, at the usual Season. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that the said Lands were, prior to such letting, in the Possession of divers Zemindars, Talookdars, Farmers, and others; and that a Change of Possession did, in some Instances, take place; but that, in every Instance, a Preference was given to the Zemindar who was willing to give what was considered to be an adequate Relit for the Lands; and that an Allowance was made to the Zemindar, whenever his Proposal was rejected, agreeably to the ancient Usages of the Country. And the said Warren Hastings further fays, that, in some Instances, the Lands were let to Persons who were the Banyans of British Subjects. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that, notwithstanding many Precautions were used to prevent it, Part of the said Lands fell into the Hands of some Persons who proved, in the Event, unable to perform their Engagements with the Company; but he denies that such Event was foreseen by him. And the said Warren Hastings avers that, in making the Settlement aforesaid, the President and Council, he being then President, did pay every Attention to the State of the Country and its Inhabitants which Policy and Humanity required; and denies that the said Settlement, either in Fact was, or did in Form appear to be, of such Kind, or calculated for such Purposes, or productive of such Effects, as are in the said Seventh Article, in that Behalf, set forth; but he admits that it did afterwards appear, that the Zemindars and Farmers had engaged for a higher Relit than the Districts could afford, and that the real Receipts did fall considerably, but not unusually, shorc of the Settlement; but as to the Amount of such Deficiency, and the particular Periods thereof, the said Warren Hastings craves Leave to refer to the public Accounts and Proceedings of the said Presidency, touching the fame.

And the said Warren Hasting, denying thatjie was a Party to, or in any Manner concerned in, or answerable for, any Impoficion, Fraud, Peculation, or Embezzlement, fays. That the Court of Directors of the East India Company, having received Intelligence of Peculation and Embezzlement supposed to have been committed by some of the Persons constituting the Committee of Circuit, at a Time when he the said -ten Hastings had ceased to act in the said Committee, did direct Prosecutions against such Persons, and against all other proper Parties, which Prosecutions, h® admits, never proceeded to Trial: But h« fays that, in Consequence of a Report from the Advocate General, to whom the Subject had been referred by the Governor General and Council, the said Warren Hastings did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, declare, that having attentively read and weighed the Arguments urged by the Advocate General in his Report concerning the Prosecutions long depending in the Supreme Court of Judicature, he the said Warren Hastings was clearly of Opinion, that there was no Ground to maintain them; and as it was manifest from his the said Advocate General’s State of them, they would only be productive of Expence to the Company, and unmerited Vexation to the Parties; he the said Warren Hastings proposed, that Orders should be given for withdrawing them, which Orders were accordingly given by the Board.

And the said Warren Hastings further fays, That previous to the Settlement hereinbefore mentioned, he admits that he did, in Concurrence with the Council, establish certain Regulations to be obfefved in executing the fame* sunongst which were the Two follow*

ing:

ing: tc That the Farms Should consist of entire Purgunnahs, provided they did not exceed the Annual *c Amount of One Lack of Rupees, in which same " theylhould be divided into such equal Proportions as Should reduce the Amount of each considerably *below that Sum, unless the acknowledged Respon-" Ability and good Character of the Farmer Should " support his Pretensions to relit the whole Purgun- nah j and that all Villages or Portions of Land " which had been theretofore let in separate Farms, <( Should be re-annexed to the Purgunnahs to which " they originally belonged." — >* That no Pelhcar, Banyan, or other Servants, of whatever Denomi- nation, of the Collector, or Relation or Dependant of any such Servant, be allowed to farm Lands, nor directly or indirectly to hold a Concern in any Farm, nor to be Security for any Farmer: That the Colle&or be strictly enjoined to prevent such Practices; and that if it Should be discovered that any t{ one, under a false Name, or any Kind of Cpllufion, <c had found Means to evade that Order, he should be " subjedb to an heavy Fine, proportionate to the " Amount of the Farm, and the Farm should be relet or made Khas j and if it should appear that the u Collector Should have countenanced, approved, or *« connived at a Breach of that Regulation, he Should <e stand, ip/o/ae7o,dismissed from hisColledtorship: Neither Should any European, directly or ihdiredUy, be " permitted to relit Lands in any Part of the Country."

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That Cantoo Baboo, Banyan of him the said Warren , was

accepted by the said President and Council, as the Renter, on his own Account, of several considerable Farms, of Part of which he had been some Time, and before the Arrival of the said Warren in ’,

in Possession; and that, in the Absence, and without the Knowledge of the said Warren , the said

Cantoo Baboo was accepted by the said Council as Security for other Farms j but what was the Annual Amount thereof the said Warren Hajlings cannot set forth: And he

also admits that the said Cantoo Baboo was afterwards permitted by the President and Council, he the said Warren Hajlings being such President, to relinquish Two of the said Farms; but the said Warren Hajlings denies that in all or any of the Matters aforesaid he was guilty of any Violation of the said Regulations, or of the Public Trust reposed in him, or of the Duty of his Station as in the said Article is charged, or that he was in the whole, or any Part of the Transafkion aforesaid, guilty of any Collusion with his Servant, or Fraud on the East India Company.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits that he was of Opinion, that Innovations in the Management and Collection of the Revenues of Bengal were in general liable to many of the Objections in the said Seventh Article, in that Behalf, set forth; and that he has upon different Occasions declared such to be his Opinion, and that the Court of Directors did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, declare their Apprehension that a sudden Transition from one Mode to another, in the Investigation and Collection of their Revenues in , might have

alarmed the Inhabitants, particularly the Native Zemindars and Landholders, lessened their Confidence in the Stability of the Company, and been attended with other Evils; yet, as it was acknowledged on all Hands that the Measures alluded to in that Letter had produced the good Effect of ascertaining, with a sufficient Degree of Precision, what Revenue might be collected from the Country without Opprelfion, they flaould avail themselves of that Information, and were pleased to find it in their Power to yield proper Relief to the Natives, without involving the Company in the least Inconvenience. The said Warren Hajlings jiowever did consider it to be his Duty, and he did accordingly, from the Commencement of his Go_

vernment, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two, to the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, whilst he bore the several Offices of President and Governor General as aforesaid, introduce, and in Concurrence with the Council carry, into Execution, many different Measures, for the Purpose of improving the Mode of Settlement, Collection, and Management* of the Territorial Revenues of Bengal-, but he denies that in the Introduction or Execution of such Measures he acted in such Manner, or that the said Measures were of such Nature, as in the said Seventh Article is stated.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That he did,' as President of the Presidency of Fort William, immediately after his taking Charge of the said Office, in April, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-two* in Concurrence wnth the Council of the said Presidency, abolish the Office of Naib Duan, or Native Collector of the Revenues, then existing, and at the same Time did appoint a Committee of the Board to go on a Circuit through the Provinces, and to form a Settlement of the Revenues for Five Years j and that he did with the like Concurrence, and at the same Period of Time, continue the Company’s Servants in the Management of the Collections, One of such Servants being left in each District under the new Title of Collector, instead of the former Title of Supervisor, and with some Alteration in the Nature of their Employment, adapted to the new System then established; and that he did, with the like Concurrence, and in the same Year, abolish the General Board of Revenue at Muxadavad, for which lait Measure such

Reasons were assigned, amongst others, as are in the said Seventh Article in that Behalf mentioned.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays. That in November, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, with the like Concurrence, he transferred from the Collectors to several Councils of Revenue, commonly called Provincial Councils, the Collection and Management of the Revenues. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that he has declared an Opinion in favour of the Plan of Provincial Councils; but as to the particular Advice given by him to the Governor General and Council in his Minute of the Twenty-fifth October, One thousand Seven hundred and Se-

venty-four, and the Declaration contained in the Plan for the future Settlement of the Revenues, transmitted to the Court of Directors on the Twenty-second April, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five; and as to the Provisions contained in another Plan for the better Administration of Justice, transmitted to the Court of Directors on the Eighteenth January, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six j and the Draught or Scheme of an Act of Parliament for the better Administration of Justice in the Provinces, transmitted t"6 the Court of Di-rectors on Thirtieth April, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, the said Warren Hajlings humbly begs to refer your Lordships for the Contents of the said Minute, and the said several Instruments, to the said Minute and Instruments, when the same shall be produced; and that your Lordships will be pleased to take into Consideration the Occasion and the several Circumstances under which the same were respectively made.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That with the like Concurrence of the Council he did detach from the general Province of each Council certain Districts, which it was deemed expedient, for the better Management thereof, to form into separate Collectorships, an4 that some additional Expence was thereby created to the East India Company. But he denies that in so doing he did invade, alter, or violate the Principles on which the System of Provincial Councils was professedly founded; or that the said Measure was of the Nature, induced by the Motives, calculated for the Purposes, or productive of the Effects, in the said Seventh Article stated.

5 And

6q 50 Dec embus. 17S7.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That he ever the said Warren Haft mgs also fays, that every proper knew or believed the said Measure to be such as is Provision was made to prevent any Inconvenience be-reprefenced in the said Seventh Article. And although ing suffered by the Country from the Mode or Time he admits that he did in Council, on the Nineteenth of carrying the said Plan into Execution, and that January, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- no Inconvenience was occasioned thereby, nine, make use of the Expression in the said Seventh And the said Warren Hajlings, denying that he did Article in that Behalf set forth, yet he denies that he arbitrarily or corruptly abolish the said Councils, ad- did thereby avow, or mean to avow, or had in Fact mits, that it was a Part of the said Plan of One thou-been guilty of any Corruption, Breach of TruH, or sand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, that a Commit-Mifgovcrnment; or did use any scandalous or crimi- tee of Revenue at , confining of Four Persons,

nal Justification of his Actions; or that he was guilty Should be substituted in their Place, with such Powers of any Criminal Actions; or that he had reduced the as were necessary for the due Execution of the Trust Government to the State described in the said Seventh reposed in them. And the said Warren Ilajlings ad-Article, or that he had for the Two Years preceding mits, that the Governor General and Council did, on the said Nineteenth January, One thousand Seven hun- his Recommendation, appoint Four of the said Com-

dred and Seventy-nine, or for any Part of that Time, pany’s Servants to constitute the said Committee; all 'possessed the absolute or uncontrouled Power of Go- of whom were well qualified for that Station: But the vernment, by virtue of his calling Voice in Council, said denies, that such Measures were

as in the said Seventh Article is dated. founded on Principles opposite to any which he had

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That the ever profefied, or that the Powers thereby veiled in Court of Directors did fend Orders to the Governor the said Committee tended to deprive the Members of General and Council, dated the Fifth of February One the Supreme Council of a due Knowledge of, or In-thousand Seven .-hundred and Seventy.seven, in the -spection into, the Management of the Territorial Re-Words, or to the Effect in the said Seventh Ar- venues, or to veil the same in Effect solely and entirely

tide let forth. And he fays, that early in the Year in him the said Warren Hajlings.

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, he did, And the said Hajlings admits, That the

as Governor General, in Conjunction with Edward Governor General and Council did, on his Recom-U'beUr, Esquire, then the only Member of Council mendation, appoint Gunga Sing to be Duan to

remaining at Calcutta, establish a Plan for the Collec- the said Committee, believing him to be well quali-tien of the Revenues, and the Administration of Civil -fied for that Office, which he admits to have been an and Criminal Justice throughout the Provinces of Office of Power and Trull. ' But he denies it to have Bengal and Babur,a. full Account of which Plan was been in other Respects of such Nature as in the said

immediately transmitted to the Court of Directors. Seventh Article is Hated, or that the said Gunga Gc-Ancl he admits that by such Plan the Provincial Coun- vind Sing was, or that the said knew

cils were, abdifiied: But he denies that the said Plan or believed him to be, of such Character as in the said was in Disobedience of the Orders of the Court of Seventh Article is alledged.

Directors j or founded on any false or contradictory And the said denies. That he did

Pretences j or that it was designed for, or applied to, invest the said Committee of Four Persons with all

any corrupt Purpose whatsoever j or that the said the Powers and Authorities of the Governor General

Warren Hajlings endeavoured to deceive the said Court and Council, or that by placing the Management of of Directors; or assigned false Reasons for abolishing the Revenue in the said Committee, under the Regu-.the said Councils: Though he admits, that in a Let- lations prescribed by the said Plan, the Members of ter from the Governor General and Council of Bengal, the Supreriie Council were deprived of the Means of dated the Fifth May, One thousand Seven hundred and -acquiring such Knowledge of the State of the Revenue Eighty-one, and addressed to the said Court of Direc- Eufiness as might enable them to execute the proper tors, it was affirmed, as the Truth actually was, that Duty of their Office, or to acquire any Knowledge the Plan for superintending and collecting the Public thereof, without great Difficulty and Discouragement; Revenue of the Provinces, through the Agency of or that the' said Warren Hajlings, in all or any of the Provincial Councils, had been instituted for the tem- Matters aforesaid, acted in Disobedience to the lawful porary and declared Purpose of introducing another Orders of the Court of Directors, or in Contempt or more permanent Mode, by an easy and gradual Defiance of an Act of Parliament of the Thirteenth Change. But he fays, that he does not conceive that Year of His present Majesty, as in the said Seventh such Affirmation is contradicted by any Opinion or Article is charged.

Advice ever given by him on this Subject. And the And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That in the said Warren Ilajlings denies, that in the said Letter to Month of November, One thousand Seven hundred and the Court of Directors, of the Fifth May, One thou- Seventy-six, for the Purpose of obtaining accurate sand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, is contained States of the real Value of the Lands, with which‘it any Affirmation in the Terms Hated in the said Se- appeared to him necessary that Government should venth Article, t/z.-That it had been always intended be previously furnished, in whatever Manner it might to introduce the Abolition of the Provincial Councils, be determined to form a new Settlement of the Pro-by an easy and gradual Change; the Affirmation convinces after the then approaching Expiration of the tained therein, relative to this Subject, being no other subsisting Leases, and also for the Purpose of pursuing than is hereinbefore Hated. And he infiHs, that in many other useful Points of Enquiry, the said Warren the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- Hajlings did propose in Council, and a Majority of one, no preparatory Steps were necessary for the In- the Board did resolve, that a temporary Office Should troduClion of the Plan then proposed, other than such be constituted for the Execution of the said Business; as were actually adopted on that Occasion. And the said and that a Number of Native Officers, under the Warren llajlmgs denies that the said Plan was accom- Title of Aumeens, appointed by the said Board oii . pi 1 Hied by a lingle Act of Power of him the fuel Warren the Recommendation of the said Warren Hajlings, Ilajlings, the same having been regularly submitted to Should be fenr into the Provinces, for the Purpose of and approved by the only then remaining Member of collecting such Accounts and Informations as had a Council. And the said Warren Hajlings avers, that Reference to the said Business. But the said though the said Plan was formed before the Yearly Hajlings denies, that the said Aumeens were armed Collection was finiilied, yet the Execution thereof did with such Powers as are in the said Seventh Article not interfere in any Degree with the Collections of in that Behalf mentioned; or that they were account-} that Year, or the Recovery of the Balances, And able only to the said Warren Hajlings himself, or that

§ the

5° Decembns. 61

the said Warren Hajlingi Was guilty of a Breach of his

Trust or Duty in the Deputation or Appointment of the said Aumeens, or that he the said Warren had any Design or Wilh thereby to draw into his Own Hands the foie Orderingj Management, and Government. of any of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues of the East India Company, or that any Allegation made by the said Warren , of the.

Purposes for which the said Aumeens were appointed,-was false or pretended. And the said Warren Hajiings denies, that he well knew, or ever was convinced in his Judgment or Opinion, as a general and unqualified Proposition, that there was not any Trust to be put in the Accounts delivered in by the Aurfteens, or that no Dependance could be placed on that Mode of Enquiry, or that Aumeens were not to be trusted.

And the said Warren Hajiings denies, That he did assume to himself the Power of appointing, or that he did actually, by his own Authority appoinr, the Persons who were employed in the Execution of the aforesaid Object, or that he did invert, or concur in inverting them with such Powers as are in the said Seventh Article dated; but he admits it to have been his Duty to recommend Persons properly qualified for that Purpose. And the said Warren Hajiings further fays, that in order to assist the Persons to whom the principal Management and Superintendartce of the aforesaid Enquiries were entrusted, the Governor General and Council did, on his Recommendation, appoint the aforesaid Gunga Govind Sing to the Office of Pefficar, whom he admits to have been once dismissed from an Office in the Revenue Department; but he fays, that such Dismission was, in the Judgment of him the said Warren Hajiings, improper and unjust j and that he the said Warren Hajiings did consider the said Gunga Govind Sing as better qualified than any other Person to fill the said Office of Pelhcar. And the said Warren Hajiings denies that he was, in respect of the said Appointment, guilty of any Neglect of Duty 5 or that fubh Appointment was to the Scandal of Government, or to the Encouragement of any Misbehaviour or Miscondutft in Office, or that the said Warren Hajiings knew or believed the Character of the said Gunga Govind Sing to be such as in the said Seventh Article is described.

And the said Warren Hajiings admits, That he was of Opinion, that the granting of long Leases of the Lands was in many Respects better for the East India Company and the Inhabitants than Annual Settlements, which he has declared to have been often productive of such Consequences as are in the said Seventh Article in that Behalf set forth. And the said Warren Hajiings also fays, that the Committee of Revenue at Calcutta, to whom it was referred by the Governor General and Council, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, to form a Plan for the Settlement of the Revenue for the ensuing Year, did, amongst other Things, report their Opinion, " That " with respect to the Period of the Leases in general, " it appeared to the said Committee to limit them to " One Year would be the best Period, giving a Preference at the Settlement of the next to such Per-u fons as should have paid up their Rents, and making a Promise of this on the Part of Government." And the said Warren Hajiings fays, that the Governor General and Council, he being Governor General, did for the most Part approve of such Report; but the said Warren Hajiings denies, that in giving such Approbation he did neglect his Duty, or dilregard the Interest of the East India Company, and the Ease and Welfare of the Inhabitants, or contradict any of his own Professions or Declarations, or that he did not hold himself bound or restrained by the Orders of the Court of Directors. And the said Warren tings denies that he did exercise his Discretion for any Vol. XLIII.

partial, interested, or corrupt Purpose, or that he did for any partial, interested, or corrupt Purpose, grant any perpetual Lease whatsoever; but the said Warren Hajiings fays, that he did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, concur with the Board in confirming the Zemindary of to Lechnant

Num-dee, Son of Cantoo Baboo, on a Mocurrary Lease; and he admits that the said Cantoo Baboo was the Banyan of him the said War rest Hajiings, but he denies that such Sunnud was granted in such Manner, or for such Purposes, as are in the said Seventh Article fee forth, or that the same was granted upon improper Terms, the Relit which the said Zemindar was by the said Sunftud bound to pay having been fixed at the Sum deemed equivalent to the real Annual Value of the said Zemindary. And the said Warren Hajlingi denies, that in all or any of the TransaClibns or Matters aforesaid, he did, either as President of the Presidency of Fort William, of as Governor General, corruptly or wilfully proceed, in Violation of his Duty to the East India Company, in Disobedience to their Orders, or to the Loss or Damage of their Revenues^ or in Defiance or Contempt of any Act of Parliament, or to the Vexation, Oppression, or Destruction of the Inhabitants of Bengal, or in Contradiction or Perver-fion of his own declared Sense of Duty and true Policy, or to the Scandal or Reproach of the Government in India j or that in all of any of the said Transactions the said Warren Hajiings was or is guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

EIGHTH ARTICLE.

AND the said Warren Hajiings, in AnswCr to the said Eighth Article, admits, That a certain Territory, known by the Name of ‘The of , was,

on or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-four, governed by the Nabob Vizier Sujab ul Dowla, and that the said Sujab til Dowla Was de-

seated in Battle, and expelled from his Dominions, by the Arms of the East India Company: That he was afterwards, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Sixty-five, under the Authority of the Company, restored to his Government, and being so restored, irt or about the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, did enter into a Treaty with the East India Company, called The Treaty of Benares: But the said Warren Hajiings denies that the said Company did thereby make such Agreement as in the said Eighth Article is stated; the said Treaty professing only to regulate the Terms upon which the Expences of the Company’s Troops Should be defrayed, in same the same Should March to the said Vizier’s A/fiftance.

And the said Warren Hajiings admits, That the said Vizier did, by the Assistance of the East India Company’s Forces, as also in Consideration of Money to them paid, or agreed to be paid, obtajn several large Accessions to his Dominions; namely, the Territories of Robillcund, Corah, Currah, and Allahabad,' but not the Duab, which was not obtained in ConsiderStion of

any Money to them paid, although the same was obtained by the Vizier’s own Forces, under the general Influence of British Support.

And the said Warren Hajiings further admits, That the said Sujab ul Dowla, in or about the Month of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, died possessed of the Territories aforesaid, and that his Son AJoph ul Dovtila thereupon became pof-

fefied of the fame, and by Means of the Influence of the East India Company, co-operating with other Causes, did obtain a Grant of the Dignity and Authority of Vizier, which his Father had possessed; and that the said AJoph ul Dowla was supported in the Possession and Dignity aforesaid by the Power and Influence of the East India Company; and that he did, R on

6i 5* Decemhris, A. 1787.

on the Twenty-first of May, One thousand Seven hun- either of them, or that the said Middleton was a Perched and Seventy-five, make a new Treaty with the son of such Char after and Description as is alledged East India Company) whereby, as well the Particu- in the said Eighth Article. And he further lays, that lars of which a Brigade should consist, as the Charges such Appointment was made by the Governor and thereof, were regulated. Council, and not by the foie Authority of the said

And the said Warren Hajlings admits. That the said Warren; and that the Appointment of the

Vizier did afterwards consent to take other Bodies of said thus made, was, in the then Situation

Troops belonging to the* Company into his Pay. And of the Company’s Government in Bengal, fit and ex-the said Warren Hajlings denies, that the said Afojtb pedient to be made. And the said Warren Hajlings ul Dowla did become a Dependant on the East India further fays, that such Instructions were upon that Corppany, to the Extent, or in the Manner, fug- Occasion given to the said Middleton for the Discharge gefted in the said Article, or that the English Name of the Duties of his said Office as were proper and and Character were concerned in every Act of his necessary for that Purpose. And the said Haf-.

Government, or that the Influence and Power of the tings fays, that the said Nabob Vizier did, in or about Governor General and Council of Fort William was, the Month of , One thousand Seven hun-

mediately or immediately, sufficient to, or employed dred and Seventy-nine, address certain Requifuions for, all Acts of Authority within the said Province of to the Government of , accompanying the same Ou.de, and its Dependencies. with a Representation touching the Subjects in the

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That the said Eighth Article mentioned; and that, at the same Governor General and Council were bound to provide Time, another Account was sent from the then late for the internal good Order or Prosperity of those Resident at Oude: But for the Particulars of such Provinces, although he admits they were bound, as Representations, the said Warren Hajlings craves Leave far as in them lay, to take proper Measures for pre- to refer to the fame, when they shall be produced in venting the Troops kept up as aforesaid from becom- Evidence. And he further fays, that upon taking ing a Grievance to the Country which they were in- the said Requisitions of the said Vizier into Confide-tended to protest: But the said Warren Hajlings de- ration, the Governor General and Council, the said nies, that it was the bounden Duty of the said Go- Warren Hajlings being then Governor General, did vernor General and Council, to take Care that the not deem it fit or expedient, in the then Situation of Ease, Security, and Honour of the Prince and his Affairs, to comply therewith. And the said Warren Family, should be consulted and provided for, other- H, craving Leave also to refer to the Minutes wife than as any Acts of the East India Company, or delivered in by him on that Occasion, on the Thir-their Servants, might affect the same but he admits teenth and Fifteenth , One thousand Seven

that it was contrary to the Duty of the said Governor hundred and Seventy-nine, denies that they are of the General and Council, and of every of them, to coun- Nature or Tendency stated in the said Eighth Arti-tenance, authorize, or direct any Acts of Oppression cle, or that either in respect of those Minutes, or in or Peculation within the said Provinces. And the any Part of the Conduct of the said Warren Hajlings said Warren Hajlings denies, that such Alteration has in the Matters aforesaid, the said Warren Hajlings did happened in the Condition of the Province of Oude, use 'any false Pretences whatsoever, or that he was in-, and the Territories added thereto since the Period of fluenced by the Motives, or aimed at the Accom-British Interference therein, as is stated in the said plishment of the Purposes, or was guilty of any of Article; or that the said Company were bound to the the improper Acts, in the said Eighth Article stated. good Government of the Countries supposed to be And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that he did at-referred to in the said Article, or that the ill State tribute the Distresses of the Country, which disabled of Things therein, supposing such ill State thereof the said Vizier (not Sujab Dowla, as stated in the said to have existed, was at all owing to any Acts or Article, but AJofb ul Dowla, the present Vizier) from Neglects of him the said Warren Hajlings, or his maintaining the Establishments by him complained Agents. And the said Warren Hajlings, disavowing of, to the Vices of the said Vizier’s own Character, such base and corrupt Views, as by the said Eighth which had influenced his Government: But the said Article are imputed to him, denies that he did mali- Warren Hajlings fays, that no effectual Measures could ciously, or against his Duty, or upon or soon after, be pursued by him for correcting the Vices of the or in any Manner, in Consequence of such Reprefeif- said Nabob’s Government. And the said ration which he admits to have been received by the Hajlings admits, that he did write a Letter to Edward Governor General and Council from the then British Esquire, of the Date and upon the Subject in

Resident Bristow, as stated in the said Article, remove the said Article mentioned; and that he did in that the said Bristow from his Office of Resident afore- Letter, and at other Times, declare his Opirfion of said: For the said Warren Hajlings fays, that Fifty- the Disadvantages resulting from the keeping up of pne Days before the Date of such Representation, certain Military Establishments in the Country of (that is to say) on the Second of December, One thou- Dude, and of the Convenience which would be pro-sand Seven hundred and Seventy-six, it had been re- duced by the Reduction of the same: But the said solved by the Governor General and Council, that the Warren Hajlings denies that he did, either before or laid Bristow should be, and the said Bristow had ac- after any of the several Times when he declared such gordingly been, recalled from the Court of the Nabob Opinion as aforesaid, ever receive any Bribe or Bribes of Oude , and he infills that such Recall was not con- from the said Nabob Vizier, or his Ministers. And

trary to the Standing Orders of the Court of Direc- the said Warren Hajlings admits, that the said Nabob tors, and that the same was warrantable and expedient. Vizier did, by Letters of those Dates to the then And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that he did wil- Resident Mr. Purling, make certain Representations fully neglect to take any Measures which his Duty re- upon the State of his Finances: But the said Warren quired him to take relative to the Matters contained Hajlings denies it to be true, that no Relief was at-in that Representation; and as to the Appointment tempted to be given by him the said of the said Mr. Middleton to the said Office of Refi- tings, or that none was in Fast given, to the said dent and Collector of the Company’s Assignments in Nabob on the said Subject. And the said Warren the Province of Oude, in the said Eighth Article men- Hajlings fays, that the Board did, upon the Recom-tioned, the said Warren Hajlings denies that such Ap- mendation of him the said Warren Hajlings, make pointment was made under the Influence of such such Arrangement for the Accommodation o f the said Motives, or preceded by such Conduct on the Part of Vizier as was then practicable and expedient. And the the said Warren Hajlings and the said Middleton, or said Warren Hajlings admits that he did, in a Minute

1 entered

entered upon the Bengal Confutations of the Twenty-second of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, give his Opinion in Writing in the Terms statrd in the said Article: But the said tings denies that he had ever been, or was, guilty of any criminal Neglect or Refusal to afford timely Relief to the Distresses of Ou or that he ever did refuse such timely Relief, when it was in his Power to have afforded the same; or that he did by that Minute, or in any other Manner, confess he had been so guilty j or that he did confess that any such Effects had been produced by such his suppoied Refusal as are stated in the said Article.

ARTICLE NINTH.

AND the said Warren H, in Answer to the said Ninth Article, denies that he did ever drive any Persons to such Distress as he thought might oblige them to offer Bribes to him for their Ransom, or that he did ever entertain any such Design or Thought} and he further denies that he did suddenly and corruptly alter his Language, as in the said Ninth Article is dated; but he fays that he did, in his Minute of the Twenty-first of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, at which Time a material Alteration had happened in the Situation of Affairs, with regard to Foreign Wars and Enemies, from that in which they flood on the Thirteenth and Fifteenth Days of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, make such Representation of the State of the Province of Oude, as in the said Ninth Article is mentioned; and that he did thereupon propose in Council, himself and Mr. Wheler being at that Time the only Members present at the Board, a Delegation to himself, containing, as the said Warren tings affirms. Powers neither new, dangerous, or exorbitant, such Powers being delegated for the Pur-jjofe, amongst others, of assisting the Nabob Vizier m forming such Regulations as might be necessary for the Peace and Order of his Government, the Improvement of his Revenue, and the Adjustment of the mutual Concerns subsisting between him and the Company, with such Authority to enforce the same as the Governor General and Council might or could exercise on Occasions in which they would be warranted to exercise the fame, by the Claims which the Honourable Company held or might have on the Revenues of the Dominions of the said Nabob, and to form and conclude such several Engagements or Treaties with the Nabob Vizier, the Government of Berar, and with any other of the Chiefs and Powers of Hindostan, as he Should judge expedient and necessary, whether for the Termination or more effectual Prosecution of the War with the Maratta State, or for the Advancement of the Interests of the Honour-ble Company, or for the strict and permanent Establishment and Confirmation of the Alliances which did then sublist, or which he, the said Warren -tings, Should judge necessary to form with the said Chiefs and Powers respectively. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that the Instrument of his Delegation did also declare that all such Acts, and all such Engagements or Treaties made as aforesaid, Should be binding on the Governor General and Council, in the same Manner, and as effectually as if they had been passed and done by the special and immediate Concurrence and actual Sanction of the Governor General and Council, in Council assembled.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that the Commission thus given to the said Warren Hajlings was destructive of the Constitution of the said Council, contrary to the Standing Orders of the East India Company, or to the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, in the said Ninth Article mentioned.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he did ever conceive or understand that the said Commission v.ia illegal j but he fays that he did, on the Third ‘/.ffy. One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, and not on the Third July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, as in the said Article is stated, deliver in a Minute, of which the following is a Copy: " In my Minute, which I laid before the Board on Twentyfirst May, I expressed the Satisfaction with which I could at this Juncture leave the Presidency, from the mutual Confidence which was happily between " Mr. Wheler and me. I now readily repeat that Sentiment, and observe with Pleasure, that Mr. " Wheler confirms it. Before my Departure it is €c probable that we shall in Concert have provided at u the Board for almost every important Circumstance that can eventually happen during my Absence; but if any Should occur, for which no previous .« Provision shall have been made in the Resolution " of the Board, Mr. Wheler may aft with immediate Decision, and with the fulleft Confidence of my Support, in all such Exigencies, as well as in condufting the ordinary Business of the Presidency, " and in general in all Matters of this Government, " excepting those which may specially or generally be " intruded to me. Mr. Wheler, during my Absence, " may consider himself as possessed of the full Powers rt of the Governor General and Council of this Government, as in Effect he is by the Constitution j and he may be assured, that so far as my Sanction " and Concurrence shall be, or be deemed necessary " to the Confirmation of his Measures, he shall reccive them." And he denies that he delivered in the said Minute with any of the Views or Motives in the said Article stated, or that the same is of the Nature or Tendency therein set forth.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that the Acts done by him, in his Negotiations with the Vizier, in virtue of the aforesaid Commissions, all which he avers to have been legal and justifiable, could have been equally well done, or with less Question as to their Validity, by the British Resident at the Court of Oude, or by any other Person deputed by the said Warren Hajlings. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he was guilty of any unwarrantable Affump-tien of Power, or that the Power exercised by him Was unconstitutional or irregular, foreign to his Duty, Or unnecessary for any good or legitimate Purpose, or that he attempted to enforce or cover the same by any intricate and subtle Devices, or that he did in any Manner diferedit the Office of Governor General or the British Government.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That he did proceed to meet the said Vizier in Consequence of the said Commission, at a considerable Charge. But the said Warren Hajlings denies, that any unnecessary Charge to the East India Company was incurred upon that Occasion. And the said Warren IHjlings, as to the said supposed Gift or Bribe of One hundred thousand Pounds in the said Ninth Article mentioned, craves Leave to refer to his Answer in this Behalf already made. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that he did, on the Nineteenth of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, at a Place called Chunar, enter into the said Treaty or Agreement, commonly called The Treaty of in which he

did consent to certain Propositions for relieving the said Nabob Vizier from the Charge of certain large Bodies of Troops, then in the Pay of him the said Nabob Vizier, and for the Particulars of the said Propositions the said Warren Hajlings craves Leave to refer to the said Treaty, when the same shall be produced: But the said Warren Hajlings denies that he did, at any Time after making the said Treaty, violate his own or the Public Faith, by putting Troops on the Establishment of Oude in the Manner, or under

54 Decembrist

A. 1 >]%'].

tier the Circlimftaiices, stated in the said Nirtth Article j but the said Warren Hajlirtgs fays, that in Consequence of certain Representations made to him by the then Resident at Oude of the Necessity of rein-forcing the Troops in that Country, a Detachment of Four Regiments of Sepoys, with a proper Field Train, was ordered to March for the Purpose of supporting the Authority of the Vizier, and maintaining the Tranquillity of his Country, by such Means aS-the said Vizier Should be plealed to direct. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that he did, in a Letter dated Twenty-fourth , One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one) addressed by hirfi upon that Occasion to Mr. , then Rclident

at Oude, suggest, that as the Force thus meant to bb

employed for the Domestic Tranquillity of the Vizier’S Dominions, was an Addition to the Brigade on Subsidy, and which was ordered to be in Readiness for Marching at the lhorteft Notice to defend any Part of his Excellency’s Territories which a foreign Enemy might be tempted to invade during civil Commotions, the Vizier would, the said Warren Hajlingl made no Doubt, chearfully consent to pay the Expences of the Detachment, by a fixed Monthly Subsidy during the Service. And the said Warren tings fays, that upon a Representation thereupon made to him, that the March of such Detachment, under the Circumstances stated, would, it was believed, be contrary to the Inclination of the said Vizier, arid understood by him as an Infraction of the Treaty of Chunar, and be construed a Replacing of the Troops which it had been agreed to recall, the said Warreh Hajlings did afterwards, by another Letter to the said Middleton, dated Third Janua, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, revoke the said Orders 1 and the said Orders were never carried into Execution: But the said Warren Hajlings fays, that afterwards, upon receiving various Representations of the disordered State of the Vizier’s Dominions, the Board, in the Absence of the said Warren , resolved

and ordered, in the Month of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, that a strong Detachment, under Colonel Sir John Cummings, should march into the Dominions of the Nabob Vizier, both for its internal Defence, and for the Relief of the Detachments which had been made from the Army Rationed at Cawnpoor j and the Board were informed, by a Letter from Mr. Bristow, then Resident at , dated the Twelfth of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, that the Nabob had. expressed his entire Con vision of the Necessity for the said Detachment, and that the Vizier would approve its being Rationed in his Dominions; and the same was Rationed there accordingly. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that it was provided by the First Article of the Treaty of Chunar, amongst other Things, that the English Officers, with their Sebundy Battalions, and other Gentlemen, excepting the Resident’s Office then upon the Nabob’s Lift, should be no longer at his Charge for the then current Year, the Arrears being paid up, with the Addition of Two Months Allowances. And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that he did disregard any Engagements entered into by him on the Part of the India Company, or pursue any corrupt Purpose, or that he did in any Manner impose, or knowingly suffer to continue, any Pensions or Allowances over and above those spe-cialiy provided in the said Article, of the said Treaty, or ufc any deceitful Pretence respecting such Subject, or that he did make any such Confession relative thereto, as in the said Ninth Article is set forth.

TENTH ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Tenth Article, the said Warren Hajlings fays, That by the Second Article of the Treaty

x

of Chunar, reciting that great Distress had arisen to the Nabob’s Government from the Military Power and Dominion assumed by the Jagheerdars, for Remedy thereof it was provided, that the Nabob should be permitted to resume such as he might find necessary, with aReferve, that all such) for the Amount of whose Jaghires the Company were Guarantees) Should, in same of the Resumption of their Lands, be paid the Amount of their Net Collections through the Resident in ready Money. And the said Warren Hajlings fay9, that the said Nabob) conceiving the Authority and Influence of the Jagheerdars in the Jaggheer Districts, to be the Ciufe of Disorders in his Government, and entertaining Suspicions of the Fidelity of some of the said Jagheerdars, and intending to reduce the said Jaghires to their Original Value, had proposed of his oWn Accord, and without any Interference of the said Warren Hajlings, to resume the said Jaghires without any Exception whatsoever, which Intention having been communicated to the said Warren Hajlings, he had approved thereof.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That be wai afterwards informed that the said Jaghires were uni- verfally resumed by the said Vizier) which Resump* tien he believes to have been a warrantable and pro- per Measure j but he denies that it was under any Compulsion made use of by him or by any Person by him authorized thereto. And the said Warren tings further denies, that the said Vizier had made any such Seizure of the said Jaghires, or had entered into such Obligations, or had given such Assurances, as in the said Tenth Article are stated j but he has been informed) that during the Residency of Mr. the said Nabob having taken a Sum of Money to relieve his Distresses from Two Persons, named Mirzd Alii Khan and Sallar Jung, the said Nabob Vizier did engage to repay the Sum taken as aforesaid, and fur- ther, that the same should not be done in future.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits, That some of the said Jaghires resumed as aforesaid, were at the Time of such Resumption possessed by Persons of the Description in the said Article stated; but whether the same were of the Value in the said Article stated he cannot say, but he has heard that the Lands out of which the said Jaghires were paid did yield more than the Amount of such Jaghires, which Surplus did of Right belong to the said Vizier. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he does not know or believe that the Persons whose Jaghires were re- fumed in Manner aforesaid, were thereby reduced to such Distress as in the said Article is stated, or that such other Consequences did follow from the said Measure as are therein also set forth.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That the Nabob Vizier did signify to him the said Warren tings, his Wilh to restore certain of the said Jaghires; but he denies that the said Vizier did signify a With to restore all the said Jaghires, as in the said Article is suggested, or that Applications were made on that Subject by the said Vizier for a long Time without Effect; but he fays, that the Approbation of the Board of Council was given to that Measure soon after the aforesaid Applications from the said Vizier, and that the said Jaghires were fully restored by the said Vizier.

ELEVENTH ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Eleventh Article, the said Warren Hajlings fays. That at the Time of executing the Treaty of Chunar, he did propose to the Vizier a certain Article, which he conceives to be the one referred to in the said Eleventh Article of Impeachment, and of which the following is a Copy:

" Having on my Behalf agreed to the Requisitiona

«« of

28 Geo. III.

,c of the Nabob Vizier, without Diminution or Reserve, I mull now repeat the Request which I be-<c fore verbally made to him, that he will be pleased " to attend to such Proposals as 1 shall have to make " to him, and to those I expect his Assent the more " readily, as they have for their ultimate Object his " Interest alone* that of the.Company being no further concerned than in the Interest which they will tc eventually have in the Payment of the Debt due from the Nabob to the Company. I therefore re-c commend to him to reduce the great Number of his Sebundy and other Troops to regular and complete Establishments, not to be paid by Afllgnments 11 of Revenues, but in Money from the Treasury,

" and their Number not to exceed the certain Means of paying them: But as this may be difficult without making a Separation of the Nabob’s public and *c private Funds, I further recommend* that he receive into his private Purse no more than a fixed Monthly Sum for the Expences of his Person and Household,

" and that the Remainder of the net Colledions be " left in a Public Treasury, under the Management " of his Public Ministers, and the Inspection of the Resident, for the Discharge of his Military and Ci- vil Disbursements. This Advice is not meant to affect the Alignments actually made, and which " must be Annually renewed, for the Payment of the " past Debt and the current Demands of the Com-« pany."

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That the said Nabob did assent to the said last mentioned Article, and did execute the fame., And he denies that the said Article is or was intended to be worded in loose and ambiguous Terms, or that he did ever reprel'ent it in that Light, or to that Effect, in any Letter written by him to Edward Wheler, Esquire. But he fays that he did write a Letter concerning the said Treaty to the said Edward Wheler, containing a Paragraph, of which the following is a Copy, and which he conceives to be alluded to in the said Eleventh Article:

" To the Copy of the Articles of Agreement,

" N° i, I have added the Papers, N° i, A, B, C,

" which will explain my Reasons for the several Ar- tides, and to these I beg Leave to refer you.

" Upon the whole, generally, I have only to observe " further, that the Agreement was drawn up from a " Series of Requisitions presented to me by the Nabob, to whom I was happy in the Occasion of making such a Return, for the uncommon Inffiance of " Fidelity and Attachment which he has recently " shewn to our Government, by an instant and unqua-lifted Assent to each Article. This was done verbally in his Presence; and in like Manner I requelled and obtained his Acquiescence in the shorc " Condition which followed mine. I considered the " Subjects of his Requests as essential to the Reputatien of our Government, and no left to our Interest than his and, if the Resident performs his Duty in *{ the Execution of my Instructions, the'Nabob’s Part " of the Engagement, by a Angular Inversion of their <c Purposes in both Instances, will prove of still greater " Benefit to him than to our Government, on whose " Behalf it was exacted."

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he knew, or had heard, at or before the Time of executing the said Treaty, that the said Vizier considered the said last mentioned Article to be such as in the said Eleventh Article of Impeachment is stated neither did the said Vizier, to the Knowledge of the said Warren Hajlings, withhold his Assent from the same, or decline to put his Seal thereto. And the said Warren tings further denies, that any Person or Persons had Authority from him to give the said Nabob such Affurances as in the said Eleventh Article are stated; nor did the said Warren Hajlings hear or know, either be-

fore the Execution of the said Treaty, or at the Time Vox.. XLIII.

thereof, when the said Wdrren Hajlings admits he was present, that such Assurances were given. And the said Warren Hajlings, denying that he did ever meditate any perfidious Acts, fays* that on the Twenty-third of September, One thousand Seven hundred and

Eighty-one, he did write a Letter to Nathaniel dleton, Esquire, then Resident at the Court of the said Vizier, in which he gave certain Instructions for carrying the said Article of the Treaty of Chunar into Effect; but he denies that the said Letter did contain Directions, in the Terms, or to the Kffedt, in the said Eleventh Article of Impeachment stated. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that the said Nathaniel Middleton did, in sundry Instances, carry the said In-structions into Effect.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That the Mode of conducing the said Treaty, or the subsequent acting thereon, so far as the said Warren Hajlings was in any Manner concerned therein, was of the Nature, or had the Tendency, stated in the said Eleventh Article.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That he did ever destroy, or conceal, or withhold, or cause to be withheld, from the Court of Directors, the original Papers and Documents, on the Matter of which the said Treaty was made, or the Original Treaty itself.

'TWELFTH ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Twelfth Article, the said Warrerl Hajlings fays, That in or about the Month of ber, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, in consequence of a Lettfcr received at the Board from John Brijtow, Esquire, then Resident at the Court of the Nabob Viiief, communicating a Request from the said Nabob to be furnished with Eng* lish Officers to Six Battalions of Sepoys, as well as with a Corps of Artillery and Cavalry in Proportion* and containing various Reasons in favour of the said Measure, the Governor General arid Council, he the said Warren Hajlings being Governor General, did unanimously resolve to comply with the said Request, and to adopt a Plan propufed by General Clavering for the Formation and Regulation of Troops in the said Vizier’s Service, and the Appointment of British Officers thereto agreeably to the said Request, of which Measure the said Vizier was duly informed. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that at the Time of the said Original Establishment, he neither was nor did pretend to be of Opinion that the Appointment of British Officers to Command the Troops of the said Nabob was in any Kefpedl a pernicious Measure; but he did entertain and declare an opposite Opinion, and did enter the same on the Consultations of the Board of Council. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that afterwards, that is to say, on or about the Fifth Day of May, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, on submitting to the Board a Plan for a different Military Establishment, he did state his Opinion, that certain Evils had been found by Experience to result from the said Establishment, made in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five. And the said Warren Hajli7igs further fays, that on or about Twenty-fourth September, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, Application was made to the said( Board by the said Nabob Vizier, Hating that he had determined to keep on Foot Three Battalions, Part of a Force of Twelve Battalions then serving under the Command of Colonel Goddard, and which he had before proposed to have disbanded, for the Purpose of collecting the Revenue, and requesting that Major Hanncy, with Two or Three Officers, might be sent to take Charge of the aforesaid Battalions. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that the Board did unanimously resolve to comply with the said Request;

S ane\

56 Decembris.

66 5° Deccnibris. 1787*

and likewise that M^jor Hannay, together with the tijhOfficers, did, in the Year One thousand Seven Captains Lumfdaine and Balfour, Should be sent to take hundred and Seventy-nine, exceed the Estimates which the Command of the said Troops. And the said War- had been made of those Expences; but the said ten Ih'fiin^s further fays, that on or about the Twelfth ren denies that he was guilty of any wilful or

January, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- criminal Neglect in respect: to any Enquiries proper eighr, a Plan was submitted to the said Board by Ma- to have been made, or Measures fit to have been jor Osborne, in the said Article mentioned, for the Ef- adopted on that Subjedh And the said Warren HaJ-tablishment of a subsidiary Battalion to the Corps tings denies, that any Complaints were transmitted to commanded by the said Major Hannay as aforesaid; the Board, or to him the said Warren Hajlings, against and the said Major Osborne did at the same Time state the Corps under the Command of Major Osborne, in various Reasons in Support of the said Measure. And the Manner stated in the said Twelfth Article. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that for the same and the said Warren Hrju.gs lays, that some Titrfe after

other Reasons, which he was then and is now con- the said Corps had been disbanded, Representarions vinced were good and sufficient, the said Board did, having been made to the said Board, by the said Na-on the Motion of the said Warren Hastings, resolve to bob and by the Company’s Resident, that the Efta-recommend the General Plan proposed as aforesaid to bliffiment of Native Troops in his Service was un-the said Vizier-, and that the said Major Osborne should equal to the Purpose of effectually securing the Col-be appointed to Command the said Battalion. And Editions, and that this could be effected by Troops the said Board did at the same Time resolve to recom- under Officers, the said Warren Hastings did,

mend to the said Vizier to disband a proportionate for the above and for other good and sufficient Rea-Number of the Native Forces in his Employment to Tons, move, that it should be recommended to the said make a Diminution of Expence equal to such Efta- Vizier to re-establish the Corps lately commanded by bliffiment, and of which Recommendation the said the said Major , and to give the Command

Vizier was duly apprized. And the said Warren Haf- thereof to Captain Clarke, in the said Article men-tings fays, that the said Board were afterwards inform- tioned, and to which Motion the Board accordingly ed that the said Nabob did object to the said Plan; agreed. And the said Warren Hastings further denies but the said Major Osborne not having been apprized that he did, as in the said Article is alledged, cause a thereof, did write a Second Letter to the said Board, Battalion of Soldiers, under Officers, Com-

stating other material Reasons in Addition to those manded by Captain Polbill, or any other Officer, to be before offered in favour of the said Measure, and fur- put upon the Establishment of the said Vizier, or that ther urging the Prosecution thereof. the said Corps was ever, during the Time the said

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That, Warren Hastings continued Governor General, put being of Opinion that the Reasons for which the upon the said Establishment.

Board had recommended the said Measure did operate much stronger at the Time of the Receipt of the said Second Letter as aforesaid, than when the said THIRTEENTH ARTICLE.

Measure was originally brought forward, he did pro-

pose in Council that the Recommendation Should be AND the said Warren Hajlings, in Answer to the repeated to the said Nabob, and the Resident ordered Thirteenth Article, admits, That he was bound fub* to support it. And the said Warren Hajlings further stantially, and with good Faith, to obey the Orders of fays, that the said Proposal being taken into Confide- the Court of Directors of the East India Company; ration at the said Board, Richard Barwell, Esquire, but the said Warren Hajlings denies, that any such pro-then a Member of the said Board, did intirely approve hibitory Orders respecting Military Officers were given thereof, and Edward Wheler, Esquire, then also a by the said Court of Directors, as in the said Article Member of the said Council, did express himself as arp fitted. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that follows: " I think the additional Reasons now urged there did exist a Treaty of Alliance oll'cnfive and deby the Governor (meaning the said Warren Haf- fenfive, between the said Nabob Vizier and the East " tings) for raising a Corps of Infantry, may, with India Company; but he denies, that the Dominions of Propriety, be represented by Mr. Middleton to the the said Nabob were in a State of Dependance on the " Vizier; as he has already rejected the former Pro- said Company, or those who exercised their Authoposition, I think it should be left entirely to his rity. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the said " Discretion whether to carry the present into Exe- Company had an Interest in the Prosperity of the " cution or not;" and Philip Francis, Esquire, also a Territories of the said Nabob of , and in that of \ Member of the said Council, did express himself as the Provinces immediately under their Jurisdiction; follows: " As Mr. Middleton informs us, the Nabob and that the said Warren Hajlings was bound to attend " has thought proper to reject the Plan altogether, I thereto, and to abstain from any Act which had a " think there would be an Impropriety in our pres- Tendency to the Prejudice thereof: But denying that sing him to adopt it." And the said Warren Haf- he entertained any such Intentions and Views as are tings further fays, that it was agreed by the said Board in the said Thirteenth Article stated; or that he did to write again to the said Nabob in Recommendation by his own Influence and Power establish the Corps of the said Plan, stating the additional Arguments in under Lieutenant Colonel Hannay, in the said Nabob favour of it; and further, that a Letter should be Vizier’s Service, or did in any Manner originally ap-written to the said Middleton to support the said Re- point or introduce the said Hannay to that Service; commendation by such Arguments in support of it as the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the said Lieutenant might tend to insure its Success; which being accord- Colonel Hannay was permitted to enter into the said ingly done, the said Vizier did agree to adopt the said Vizier’s Service, in consequence of a particular Re-Plan. And the said Warren Hajlings denies the same quest contained in a Letter received from the Vizier to have been iniquitous, without Colour, or oppressive, on the First of June, One thousand Seven hundred and or that in all or any of the Matters aforesaid, he did Seventy-seven, wherein the said Vizier did express act contrary to his Duty or his Conscience, or against himself as follows: Major Hannay is a Gentleman his Opinion of what was conducive to the Good of the " of great Understanding, Worth, Quickness of Con-Service. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, <( ception, and nice Penetration, and one of the old that the Governor General and Council were inform- " Friends of the late Nabob, who, being acquainted ed, that the actual Expence of the Company’s tempo- " with his Abilities, had the highest Regard for him; rary Brigade, and the Charge of the aforesaid Corps in " as he is moreover a Gentleman very much in my the Service of the Vizier, under the Command of Bri- " Favour, I am very desirous of having him with me,

" as

as the intimate and inseparable Union which fubfills between us makes us desirous, on every Occa-tf fion, of giving Pleasure to each other j I therefore take the Liberty of requesting, that, avoiding all Appearance of Distinttion between us, you will " permit Major Hannay to repair to me, and continue with me." And the said Warren fays, that

in another Letter received from the said Vizier on the First of September, One thousand Seven hundred and

Seventy-seven, is contained as follows: Three of the Twelve Battalions under Colonel " which I proposed to have disbanded, I have now determined to keep on foot, for the Purpose of collecting the Amount of the Tunkas to the These I have placed under the Orders of Mr. Middie ton; but as it will be necessary that an Officer be te appointed to the Command of them, I have fixed " my Choice on Major Hannay, an Officer of Expe-4C rience and Abilities, to whom I am desirous of giv-c ing the Command of these Battalions. As our Affairs are inseparably connetted, I apply to you,

" without Ceremony, to request that you will give " your {Approbation to my Choice, and will lend Major Hannay, with Two or Three other Officers,

to the Charge of the aforesaid Battalions." And the said Warren Hafiings further fays, that the Gover-

nor General and Council did afterwards, in compliance with the said Requests, unanimously resolve to permit the said Hannay to proceed to , and to enter into the said Nabob’s Military Service there: And that after the Arrival of the said Hannay, the said Vizier, in a Letter received from him on the Twenty-' second of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-seven, did express himself, amongst: other Things, to the Effett: following: " As Major Hannay is a good and experienced Officer, of greac Bra- very and Condutt, I regard him in the Light of a sincere Friend. Your Compliance with my Request tr in fending him to me, is a striking Proof of the " Warmth of your Friendship. His Arrival has ct given me the most sincere Pleasure; and I am convinced that the Business I shall put into his *c Hands will prosper."

And the said Warren Hafiin denies that he did at any Time recommend the said Hannay to the Farms or Collettion of Revenue of the said Provinces in the Dominions of the said Nabob of Oude, called Baraitcb and Goruckpore, or that he did procure him to be appointed thereto: But the said Warren Hafiings has been informed that the said Hannay was appointed thereto by the said Vizier, and that such Appointment was by him the said Vizier made of his own Accord: But the said Warren Hafiings denies that the Appointment in question was of such Nature, or pro-duttive of such Consequences, as are suggested in the said Article. And the said Warren Hafiings fays, that he does not know nor believe that the said Hannay made such Use of his Power as is stated in the said Article. And the said Warren Hafiings fays, he believes that the said Nabob did remove the said Hannay from his said Appointment, and did afterwards restore him thereto: But the said Warren Hafiings denies that he did procure both or either of those Measures; or that he did ever obtrude the said Hannay into the Management of the said Nabob’s Revenues -, or that he had any sufficient Reason to believe that the Power of the said Hannay was exorbitant, or that the said Hannay had been guilry of any Abuse of Power. And the said Warren Hafiings admits that he did on the Twenty-sixth of April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, write a Letter to the said Nabob, expressing, amongst other Things, his Satisfaction at his Restoration of the said Hannay to the Employment with which the said Nabob had formerly invested him; that he esteemed this as a Mark of the said Nabob’s Attention to his original Recommendation :" But $

the said Warren Hafiings denies that he originally} or in any other Manner, recommended the said Hannay to the Service of the said Nabob, than as herein is before stated. And the said Warren Hafiings did in the same Letter, to which he craves Leave to refer, tell the said Nabob nearly to the Effett, but nor in the Terms, stated in the said Article. And the said tings denies that the said Letter, was of such Nature or Tendency as in the said Thirteenth Article is stated i or that the same was in any Manner improper; or that any former Complaints respecting the said Hannay had ever been made to the said Warren tings or that the said Warren Hafiings was in relpett: of the Matters aforesaid guilty of any Breach of Duty whatsoever. And the said Warren Hafiings fays, that the said Vizier did, about the latter End of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, make Complaints, through the then Resident at Oude, to the Governor General and Council, the said Warren HaJ-tings being Governor General, to the Effett: stated in the said Article; and which the said Warren Hastings admits to have included the Corps under the said Hannay and Ojborne, and certain other Corps. And the said Vizier did further represent, that in that " distressed State of his Affairs it was just and requi-<c site that Mr. Hafiings and General Sir Eyre Coote, " and the Supreme Council, should give himRelief;" and that " he could not that Year pofiibly provide for *c the new Brigade at Futty , the Corps of Horse, and other detached Bodies of Troops in his Coun- try." And the said Warren Hafiings fays, that he did not ever declare that the Request made or supposed to be made on this Occasion, for the Dismission of these particular Corps, was totally inadmissible: But he fays, that the Objection made by him the said Warren Hafiings, was made to the Demand of the said Vizier, considering the same as one entire Proposition, and which the said Warren Hafiings did then consider, and yet considers, as made at such a Season, and in such a Manner, as well justified such Refusal to comply therewith, as is contained in the Letter written by the said Warren Hafiings in Answer thereto, under the Direction, and with the immediate Approbation, of the Board; and to which Letter, and to the Proceedings of the Board upon that Occasion, as well for the Reasons inducing such Refusal as for the Terms in which the same is expressed, the said Warren Haf-tings craves Leave to refer. And the said Warren Hafiings denies that the said Corps, or any other Corps Rationed in the Vizier’s Country, had no Concern with Foreign Wars, or that they were solely employed in the Collections; although he admits that they were generally so employed. And he fays, that although the Native Soldiers, of which such Corps confided, had no Concern with the Company’s Establishment, nor were to return thereto yffien discharged from the Nabob’s Pay, yet he avers that the Company had on several Accounts a material Interest and Concern in the Time and Manner of the Discharge of such Corps. And the said Warren Hafiings fays, that he did on the Thirteenth of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, by his Minute of that Date, propose that a Letter should be written to Mr. Purling, then Resident at Oude, which, if agreed to, might serve as the Substance of one to be written on the same Subject to the Nabob, and in which Letter he did amongst other Things propose to date, that " the Application " of the Vizier gave Cause for the most alarming " Suspicions, since he could not be ignorant that the Mabrattas, the Enemies of the Company, and the " ancient Enemies of his Government and Family, " were in Arms, and a War unavoidable: That at " such a Juntture a Proposal for disbanding any Part of his forces could not fail to enepurage them to attack his Dominions: That the Advice of his Ministers, who had instigated him to make the said

« j^epresentation.

68 5 Decembris.A. 17S7.

« Representation, would, it was trusted, appear to " a Havildaf and Ten Sepoys at the Rung Mahul, to him as insidious as it was dangerous j and that the " protect the Baggage j but it was Night Time. The " Governor General and Council hoped he would " Country People made an Assault with L.adders, and u dismiss them from his Service and Confidence, " entered the Fort, and both Parties fought resoluteas unworthy of both." Which proposed Letter " ly; at this Time they placed Ladders against: the was agreed to, and another Letter conformable to the " Inner Fort towards the South, and entered upon same was afterwards accordingly sent to the said Na- " the Bastion. I seized an advantageous Opportu-bob by Order of the Board. And he further fays, " nity (attacked) and killed Seventeen of the Enemy that he did in his Minute of the Fifteenth of the u oh the Bastion, and wounded several others. About said Month, state, amongst other Things, " that he " Half after Ten at Night they made an Attack upon " Was inclined to bring to Punishment, if his In- " the Western Bastion; as there was a Straw Chupper " ftuence could produce that Effect, those Incendia- uon that Bastion, I took Shelter under it, and threw " aries, Who had endeavoured to make themselves the " down with all my Force a Part of the Erick BartleInstruments of Division between the Nabob and " ment on the Enemy, by which Four of them were " the Company :" But he denies that the fame, or " killed. One other fell by a Musket Ball, and they any other Part of those Minutes, was intended to ter- " retreated. A Third Time, about Three o’Clocic rify the Nabob or his Ministers, or any other Per- " in the Morning, the Country People raised a great fons, from Representations on this or any other Sub- " Shout, and attacked us again; I was then engaged jest affecting the Nabob's Revenues, or the Wei- " on the Inner Fort Bastion; Havildar was

fare of his Subjects, or that the same was in- " polled with Twelve Sepoys, to guard the Burgo-tended to produce any other improper Effect. And " mauls; they rulhed upon him in a Body, ami Sen-the said Warren Hajlings, again denying that the " bunje called out to me with a loud Voice that the said Nabob was ever compelled to restore the said " Burgomauls had (attacked him. I gave him Orders tlannay to the Charge of any Provincial Collections; " to put them all to the Sword; he instantly struck.

denying also that he the said Warren Hajlings kept up " off the Heads of Eighteen Burgomauls, and threw the said Hannay'%Corps in Defiance of the said Nabob,' " them out, and he wounded several others. The

iri whose immediate Service the same actually was; " Morning now broke, and I entertained a Hope

the said Warren Hajlings admits, that the said Philip" that the Enemy would fly, and that the People of Francis did declare, in his Minute of the Fifteenth of " the Town would certainly join me; but the Coun-Dettmber, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy- " try People, the Foujedar, &c. were all united with nine, to the Effect stated in the said Article: But the " the Rajah; they all lifted up their Arms, and said, said Warren Hajlings denies, that by having forborn " The Doway of the Nabob Saadut A.ly and

to make the Enquiry suggested in the said Article, he " the Begum, have spread through the whole Country, <lid in any Manner1 connive ar, countenance, or en- " for the Rajah has destroyed all the Encourage any Confusions, or the Destruction of Mili- " , and Letters have come to the Rajahs to put

tary Obedience, or that he did, by any Ad or Omif- " the Dependants of the English to the Sword where-fiori, bf with any corrupt or wicked View whatsoever, " ever they may be found." And he said, "Where leave the said Countries of Bar ait ch and Goruckpore " will they go ? the Country is mine, I am a

Exposed to any such Mischiefs as arc in the said Thir- " Rajah, how long will they (be able to) oppoie

teenth Article described, or that those Countries were "me?" In such Discourse Two Gurries of the

ever despoiled, wafted, or depopulated, in the Manner, ".Morning had passed away. From the Fastern to by the Persons, or under the Circumstances, stated in the Western Gates within the Mahul, they fur-the said Article. And the said Warren Hajlings further " rounded the Inner Fort on all Sides, and the Action denies, that if any such Spoil, Waste, or Depopula- " was renewed. We continued engaged for Five tien were ever committed or occasioned by any Per- " Pahr (Fifteen Hours) with the Enemy, without fons whatsoever, that the same or any Part thereof was " tailing either Food or Water." And the said -committed or occasioned by any Support or Counte- ren Hajlings fays, that the said Deposition did further nance directly or indirectly derived from him the said contain as follows: " I wrote an Account of the Warren Hajlings. And the said Warren Hajlings fays " Whole of this Affair to Colonel Hannay and Cap-that he does not know or believe that the said Hannay " tain; after a few Days an Order came from

carried on the Collection of the Revenue in any of- " the Colonel to Munnowur Khan, directing, that if prelfive Manner whatsoever, or that he did take any " the Rajah Mujlapha Khan had been put to Death, cruel or unjust Method of exacting the fame. And " well; if not, strike off his Head. Munnowur Khan the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he has seen a Depo- " shewed me the Order; I said. The Order is not writ-fition made by one Allahd Sing, a Native Officer Com- " ten to me, I will write to the Colonel on the Sub-manding the Fort of Goruckpcor,at the Time it was " jedt." And the said fays, that it fur-

attacked, as herein after mentioned, which Deposition ther appeared by the said Deposition, that Orders were was made soon after the Insurrection at Benares, in the afterwards given that the Head of the said Monlh of November, One thousand Seven hundred and Khan should be struck off, and that he was beheaded ac-Eighty-one, and, amongst other Things, contained cordingly; and that a Proclamation was made through as follows: " I had confined, under my Guard, at the Town, that those who were guilty of such Crimes

" the Fort of Goruckpoor, One hundred and Fifteen would meet with the same Punishment. And the said

" Burgomauls, Inhabitants of Sunvaur; on the Fif- Warren Hajlings fays, that he has been informed, and " teenth of Rumuzaun,the Rajah of Gorrockpore, the believes, that the said was a rebellious

" Zemindars of Oulooleb Beehouly, &cc. great and Subject the Nabob of Quae, sentenced to Death by, " final), likewise all the Inhabitants of Gorruckpour, the Nabob, on account of various Acts of Treason " with Six thousand Matchlocks, and great Numbers and, Rebellion by him committed against: the Nabob " of Country People, armed with Clubs, at Four his Sovereign, and which Sentence was afterwards " Gurries of the Night, surrounded the Fort, and carried into Execution by Captain David " made an Attack by Surprize; but the Sepoys on then an Officer in the Service of the Nabob. And

" Guard at the Bastions were awake, they began to the said Warren Hajlings, denying that the said Trans-

« fire, and an Action immediately followed. Seeing action was, to his Knowledge or Belief, of the Na-

<* that the Country People were in great Numbers, I ture, or productive of the Consequences, stated in the

" went to each of the Bastions, and encouraged the said Article, lays, that he was not, on account of such c‘ Sepoys, and called them to me into the Body of Information, or of any other by him received, or in

<< the Place, and formed them together. I left any other Manner whatsoever, required by his Duty

to

18 Geo. III. 50 Decemb. 69

to make an Enquiry into the Conduct of the said Hannay, relative to any of the Particulars above stated. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that no Complaints of the Mother or Grandmother of the said Nabob of Oude, concerning any Misbehaviour of the said or Captain Gordon,if any such were ever in Fact made,

ever came to the Knowledge of him the said Warren Hajlings whilst he continued to be Governor General. And the said Warren Hastings denies that he ever knew of any Application of the said Hannay to the said Vi* zier, if indeed the said Ilannay did again apply to the Vizier, for the Farm of Baraitcb and.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he has lince heard that a Report did, in Fadt, prevail, that the said Hannay was about to return to Oude; and the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the Vizier did, as he apprehends, in Consequence of such Report, or of some Intelligence to that Effect, write a. Letter to him the said Warren Hajlings, which was received by him on the Fifteenth of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two-, containing such ExprefTions as are stated in the said Thirteenth Article: But the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he was, at the Time of the receiving that Letter, and before, and for several Weeks afterwards, confined by a long and dangerous Illness j and that, although no Answer was returned by him to the said Letter, until the Thirtieth of December following, yet he humbly submits, that any more immediate Answer thereto became unntcessary by the Death of Colonel Hannay, which happened early in September, and before the Letter of the said Nabob was received by him the said Warren Hajlings. And the said Warren Haftingsdenies that there was any sufficient or reasonable Ground for the Vizier, or for any other Person, to be allured, or to suppose, that the Death of the said Hannay alone prevented his being again employed in Oude. And the said Hajlings

further denies that he, at any Time subsequent to the Treaty of Chunar, ever meant or intended that the said Hannay should return to Oude. And the said ren Hajlings denies, that in all or any of the several supposed Acts or Neglects, in the said Thirteenth Article charged against him, he was guilty of any Breach of Duty whatsoever, or that in respect of all or any of the several Matters in the said Article mentioned, he was guilty of any Breach of Duty whatsoever, or has been the Cause of Damage to the Country of Oude, of any Breach of his Trull; or that he did, in any Respect, dishonour the Name or Character of this Nation; or that he has been guilty of any Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

FOURTEENTH ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Fourteenth Article, the said Warren Hajlings, denying that the Nabob Vizier had any Reason to entertain, or did in Fadt entertain, any Apprehension from the said Warren Hastings,relative to the Security of his own Person, or the Stability of his own Situation, or that he the said Warren Hastings was guilty of any Malice or Corruption, or that any Bribe was by the said Nabob Vizier ever given to the said Warren Hastings, or that the said Warren Hastings did, in any Instance, treat the said Nabob Vizier with Inhumanity, Perfidy, or Rigour; and denying also that the said Nabob had any such Cause of Apprehension or Alarm as in the said Fourteenth Article is stated, fays. That the said Resident Middleton did, in a Letter bearing Date the Seventeenth October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-one, transmit to the said Warren Hastings certain Extracts of Letters from Lieutenant Colonel Hannay, expressing the Suspicions of the said Hannay respecting the Attachment of the said Nabob Vizier; and that, at the Instance of the said Warren Hastings, certain Affidavits were made before Sir Elijah Impey, Vol. XLIII.

His Majesty’s Chief Justice (but not acting in such Capacity, as in the said Fourteenth Article is fug-gefted) tending to criminate certain Relations of the said Nabob Vizier; the said Warren Hastings, however, denies that he was, in any Manner, criminal in respect of the taking of the said Affidavits. And the said Warren Hastings, denying also that, to hi? Knowledge, the said Nabob Vizier did fall into such State of Mind, as in the said Fourteenth Article is set forth, admits. That he the said Warren Hastings was informed that, in the Month of February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the said Nabob Vizier had expressed a Desire, to the said Resident Middleton, to make him the said Warren Hastings a Present of Ten Lacks of Rupees, subject to his the said Warren Hastings' Consent to, and Acceptance of, the fame! But the said Warren Hastings denies, that he did ever consent, or entertain any Intention of consenting, to accept the fame. And he fays, that he has been informed, and believes, that Assignments on the Revenue had been given by the said Vizier to the said Middleton, prior to the aforesaid Offer, for the Purpose of discharging, out of the Produce thereof, the Debt due from the said Vizier to the said Company; but he believes, that no specific Assignments, or any other Se- curity, or Bill, were, at any Time, given by the said Vizier for the Payment of the said intended Present. And the said Warren Hastings denies, that any Letter from the said Middleton to the said Warren Hastings, or any Letter from the said Warren Hastings to the said Mh/<//r/<w/prelative to the said Present, has been,' against Law or his Duty, or for any base, clandestine, or corrupt Purpose, by him suppressed. And he avers, that he did, very soon after receiving Intelligence of the said Design of the said Nabob, communicate what he the said Warren Hastings knew, or had heard, relating to the said intended Present, to the Members of the Supreme Council; and did, at the same Time, declare his Intentions relative thereto, as herein after explained. And the said Warren denies, that

he was guilty of any Neglect or Misconduct, in respect of the said Transactions, or that from any Part of the Conduit of the said Warren Hastings therein, either the said Middleton, or any other Person, could be taught to consider the Receipt of Bribes as a Matter which might bring no Danger or Discredit to them. And. the said Warren Hastings denies that no Notice was taken of the said Transaction, or any Document concerning the same produced, to the Members of the Council General, by the said Warren Hajlings, until the Month of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three; on the contrary, the said HaJ-

tings fays, that although no Entry was made on the Consultations respecting the fame, prior to that Period, yet the said Tranladtions, and all the Particulars relative thereto, were, very soon after the said Warren Hastings was acquainted therewith, and long before the Time mentioned in the said Article, communicated to the then Members of the Supreme Council; and Instructions touching the same were, with their Privity and Consent, prepared and given, as herein after mentioned. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that, by Order of the Board of Council, Richard Johnson, Esquire, who, in the Month of,

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, had been recalled from Lucknow, was, in the Month of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, required to make his Defence as to certain Articles of Charge which had been, by the said Board, preferred against him, One of which Articles was in the following Terms; for fending repeatedly to the Vizier, and to his Minister, Uyder Beg to advise them

against transferring the Ten Lacks of Rupees, intended as a Present to the Governor General, so the Company’s Account; as it would be a Precedent for further Demands, which, if the Vizier did not refill T in

70 5 0 Decembris.A, 1787,

in the first Instance, this Government would never ccafe to harrass him for Money. In Answer to which Article of Charge, the said Richard did state

as follows: " The Act and Intention, as far as I " should limit them in admitting myself the Cause of preventing the Ten Lacks mentioned from being, t( at that Time, paid to the Company, are true; the " Reasons assigned for such Prevention, left the said " Nabob should be again harrafled, &c. are the'Minister’s own Words and Objections made to me, " transferred into my Mouth. The Mode also, by " Message, is likewise misrepresented; but that is " immaterial; suffice it for me to explain the Act. I " acknowledge Fifty Lacks were due in Balance; all " the Nabob’s Resources not promising to prove " equal to discharge this Balance, a new Claim was, " at this same Instant, made of Eighty-two Lacks; " the Resources in my Hands, the foie Fund existing " to answer both the Means, unequal to this End, the Question remained^which of the Two Claims, the " new or the old, should be first paid. I did not hefitate one Instant to declare, that if any of the Assets placed in my Hands should be attempted to be u estranged from the Purposes for which they were " assigned, I should declare it to be a Breach of " Treaty: They were to discharge the Balances of Years, the foie Object of the late Treaty, and all " the Measures connected with it had the single Point " for their End. Could I, deeply pledged for the " Fulfilment of the Treaty, subscribe to the total " Subvcrfion of these Measures, at the very Moment " of their Completion, in the Termination of the 4t Year prescribed and allotted for their Operation ? " I could not, I ought not; therefore I thus obstructed the Whole of Course; the Parts of that Whole ,c for the Reasons above assigned, and no other what- ever. Whether such Preference, so given to a previous Claim, was criminal or meritorious, rests " with the Honourable Board to declare, when they " recollect that retarding neither expunges or diminifties a Claim. Permit me here to subjoin: Had ct the Ten Lacks been uninvolved with the Seventy- two, or had the aggregate Sum not been required within the Period left for liquidating the Balances intruded to me, or had not the Assets lodged in my Hands for this Purpose been the foie Funds from " which such Payments could be attempted, so far " from impeding, even for a Moment, such a Claim, " I should have been the first to support and urge it to ,ec its Completion."

And the said Warren HaJUn fays, That in his Observations on the said Answer, delivered in 'Council on the Twenty-first October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, he did afiert as follows:

" I am morally certain, that Zaidads or Assets of Ten <c Lacks* either in Assignments of Lands ot in Bills, had been prepared, and were in the Charge or Possession of Mr. Middletonbefore Mr. Palmer's " Arrival, and left with Mr. on Mr.

" ten's Departure; that this Sum was declaredly given

" for my Use, but never accepted by me; the only " Advantage 1 made of the Offer was, to request the Nabob to transfer it, with the Obligation still resting with equal Weight upon my Gratitude, for the original Destination of it, to the Company, for the " Relief of their pressing Necessities: The Rectitude " of this Transaction depends essentially upon Principies which every Man feels and acknowledges in w his own Bread, but can hardly be judged by the " Test of any Official Rule. It might indeed have "added to the Company’s Claims on the Nabob, but <c I am not sorry that Mr. chose to defeat my

" Intentions, since it would have added to the Nabob's Distresses, but with no immediate Relief to the Company; if in his own Bread he could view thefecret Motives of this Tra/ilaction, and on their

" Testimony approve, I also acquit him, as 1 do acquit him, of the Charge on public Ground." And the said Warren HaJUngs fays, that John

Esquire, a Member of the Supreme Council, in his Observations on the Answer of the said Richard,

did declare with respect to the aforesaid Charge, thac as the Transaction was dated in September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, when Mr.

Jon was ordered to quit his Station, he considered it as equally injurious to the Wilhes of the Governor General, and replete with Infidelity on the Part of Mr. Johnson to his Employers; that it remained still to be cleared up between Mr. Johnf and Hyder Beg Ca'ion; and he declared that he had understood at the Time, that the Ten Lacks were in Bills, and not a mere Offer to pay such a Sum from the future Revenues of the Country.

And the said Warren HaJUng denies. That in concurring in the Enquiry into the Conduct of the said Mr. Johnson, the said Warren HaJUngs had any such

Object, or entertained any such Intention, as are in the said Fourteenth Article in that Behalf let forth, or that he made any Declaration respecting the said Charge, other than what is herein before stated, or that he did suddenly, or in any Manner, put an End to the said Enquiry: But, on the contrary, the said Warren HaJUngs fays, that such Enquiry was publickly prosecuted by the Board of Council, in such Manner as to them ieenied right; nor was the said Enquiry concluded till after every previous Step had been taken, which the said Board thought necessary for the Formation of their Judgment thereon; nor till after the Opinion and Determination of every Member of Council had been regularly and finally pronounced upon the said Charges. And the said Warren HaJUngs admits, that he was of Opinion, and did accordingly declare, that some of the Charges agiinft the said chard Johnson were proved; but the final Determination of the said Board relative thereto, was, that upon the whole, although they considered the Conduct of the said Richard Johnson blameable in several Instances, jet they were also of Opinion, that he had been sufficiently punished by the Deprivation of the Office which he had held, and by the sudden Manner in which the Complaints and Evidence then before them, induced them to call him to the Presidency.

And the said Warren HaJUngs fays. That afterwards, in the Month of January,. One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, the Governor General and Council, he the said Warren HaJUngs being Governor General, did, on his Recommendation, unanimously appoint the said Richard Johnson to be Resident at the Court of the Nizam, conceiving him to be duly qualified for that Employment.

And the said Warren HaJUngs admits, That the said Board did not examine the said Nathaniel,

in respect: to the aforesaid Charge against the said Richard Johnson; and that the said Nathaniel Middleton was at the Time of the said Enquiry at his own Conduct: being then a Subject of Enquiry, before the said Board, upon Accusations preferred against him by the said Warren HaJUngs, for sundry Misdemeanors charged to have been committed by the said Middleton during his aforesaid Residency ac Lucknow. But the said Warren Ilaftings denies thac he the said Warren Ilaftings in any Manner avoided such Examination, or that he said or did any Thing to prevent the fame.

And the said Warren Ilaftings fays. That he had no Concern directly or indirectly with the said Alignments, otherwise than as herein before Hated: But he has heatd and believes that regular Accounts were kept of all the Alignments which were made by the said Vizier to the said Middleton; and that the Produce of the said Alignments was regularly carried to the public Account of the said Vizier with the East India Company.

a8 Geo. III. 50 Dectmbris.

Company. And the said JVarren denies that

the said Assignments must have been, or that to his Knowledge or Belief they were, madO for any secret criminal Purpose, or that the Money received therefrom must have been, or to his Knowledge or Belief was, so applied.

And the said Warren Hr./lings fays. That after having been informed of the aforesaid Offer made by the said Vizier of the said Ten Lacks of Rupees, he the said Warren Hajlings did in the Month of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, with the Privity and Approbation of the Members of the Supreme Council, depute Major , and Major

Davy as the Assistant of the said Major to

the said Nabob Vizier, with written Instructions, in which, amongst other Things, the said Major Palmer was directed in the Words following: " The Nabob Vizier having by an Intimation made to Mr.

" dleton, in the Month of February last, been pleased u tq express his Desire to make me a Present of Ten

<c Lacks of Rupees, and requested my previous Con-tc sent and Acceptance of the fame, I detire you will make my Acknowledgment in proper Terms for " this Instance of his Liberality and Benevolence, and acquaint him that I am precluded from accepting it by many Conditions, but by One efpedaily, which I beg him to take in good Part, namely, that if I had received it at the Time in t{ which the Tender of it was made, it would have " been liable to Constructions even in his Breast, so " repugnant to the distnterested Friendship which I <l profess and bear towards him, that no Considera-rt tien of Personal Profit could have induced me to accept it at such Hazard. If he should renew the Offer to you, you will inform him that my Objec-<c tien remains the fame, and is insuperable j but that if he will be pleased to transfer it to the Company " for the Relief of their present and known Diffreffes, " I will accept of it on their Behalf with a Thank- fulness equal to that which I Should have felt and expressed for the Gift had it been made to myself, the Wants of the Company being at this Time of equal Concern to me as my own. Let him understand this Subject rightly, and he will fee in my Refusal, thus qualified, the most convincing Proofs u of my Friendship for him, and a Regard for his u Interest."

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That the said Major Palmer and Major Davy, having proceeded to Lucknow on the said Agency, and having, in pursuance of the said Instructions, made such Application to the said Nabob Vizier as is therein directed relative to the said Ten Lacks, the said Nabob Vizier did write a Letter, bearing Date Twenty-third One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, to the said Warren Hajlings, in which, after mentioning the Application made to him by the said Major and

Major Daiy respecting the said Ten Lacks of Rupees, the said Vizier did refer, for his Answer thereto, to a I.etter he had written to the said Major Palmer. And the said JVarren Ilafings fays, that the said Letter from the said Nabob Vizier to the said Major so

referred to, is in the Words following:

" On the Subject of Ten Lacks of Rupees, you u repeatedly have said that the Nawab Governor’s u Pleasure is, that I Should give them for the Expences of the Company’s Sircar. The Nawab Go-tc vernor’s Will is binding upon me. I can make no " Excuses. Take Ten Lacks of Rupees for the Expence of the Company’s Sircar; but you have said, " that if I am willing to alTill: the Affairs of the Com- pany’s Sircar, you will fulfil my Request agreeably u to the Paper. As the Nawab Governor’s Permis-<c fion is arrived with respect to the Two Points of f* which you have spoken, 1 agree to both of them,

" and will give, for the Expenses of the Company’s " Sircar, Ten Lacks of Rupees this Year, and Six " Lacks of Rupees Yearly, in lieu of Regiments, " upon Condition that I obtain my Request and Authority. It is proper that you adjull mv Reoucfts " agreeably to a Paper upon which the Nawab G>vernor has given Orders, and restore me to the " Management of every Concern."

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the said Nabob Vizier did, in and by his said Letter to the said Warren Hajlings, urge several Reasons for not furnishing a Loan of Sixty Larks of Rupees, with which he was required to assist. the Com-

pany. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that it does not appear in the Correspondence between the said Vizier and the said Warren Hajlings, whether the said Vizier did or did not advance the said Ten'Lacks for the Use of the East India Company, as he was requested and had promised to do; nor does it appear whether or not any Answer was written immediately by the said ll 'arren Ilajlings to the Letter of the said Vizier. And the said Warren though he has no particular Recolledlion on the Subject, is induced to believe that he did not answer such Letter; as, in a Letter from the said Warren Hajlings to the said Nabob Vizier, dated Ninth September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, the said tings did state as follows: " My late Illness has caused " a Delay in fending the Answer to your several Letters. I am now, thank God, recovering; and have " come a few Miles above Calcutta for the Change of " Air upon the River." And the said Warren Raftings fays, that he was, about that Time, attacked with a levere Illness, from which he did not recover for the Space of some Months. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, he believes that the aforesaid Letter from the Vizier to the said Warren Hajlings had been communicated to the several Members of the Supreme Council, and was deposited in the proper Office, and open for their Inspection at the Time of the aforesaid Enquiry; and the Contents thereof more fully known to every Member of the said Board. And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that any Paper, relative to the Matters aforesaid, which it was his Duty to have produced, was ever suppressed or withheld by him, or that he had the least Desire to suppress or withhold from the other Members of the Supreme Council, or from the East India Company, the Whole or any Part of any Paper or Letter from the said Vizier

relative to the Matters aforesaid.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies. That he has purposely left the Evidence relative to the Matters aforesaid in a State of Contradiction or Obscurity, or that he has involved the same in Mystery, or that he has been guilty of any intentional Omillion relative thereto, or that he did or doth wilfully and criminally omit to produce or withhold the full Correspondence touching the fame, or any Part thereof, or of any Agents in the said Tran fact ions. And the said ren Hajlings avers, that the said Ten Lacks of Rupees, mentioned by the said Nabob Vizier in his aforesaid Letter to the said JVarren Iladings and the said Major Palmer, are the identical Stun offered to the said Nathaniel Middleton; and he lubmits, that it doth sufficicncly appear to be so. And the said ll'arren Hajlings, admitting that a Governor General is bound to take Care, so far as in him lies, that the Management and Accounts of the East Company’s Revenues entrusted to his Care, or whatever may affect the fame, mediately or immediately, Should be kept in a Manner clear, open, and tl ill met; and that a Governor General is also bound to the Obffr-vance of such other Points of Duty as are in the laid Fourteenth Article in that Behalf let forth; denies, that he has in any Manner deviated therefrom , or

i 5° Decembris. 1787.

or that he has been guilty of any of the Criminal Ats, Offences, or Miscondut in the said Fourteenth Article charged, or that the Whole, or any Part of the Conduit of the said Warren in the Matters in the said Fourteenth Article mentioned, was of i'uch Nature, or had I'uch Tendency or Effet, or was calculated to produce such Elicit, as in the said Article is let Lrth.

FIFTEENTH ARTICLE.

I N Answ’er to the Fifteenth Article, the said yen 1 ladings, denying that he did entertain any such Opinions, Views, or Motives, as are therein stated, and craving Leave to refer to the Answers he has already made to such the Allegations therein contained as have been by him already answered, fays, That in or about the Month of MarcOne thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, an Account was made up at the Presidcncy of Fort William, by William El quire, the Accountant General to the East India Company at the said Presidency, in the Course of his Official Duty $ in which Account were contained certain Articles of Charge upon the said Vizier, which the said Nabob was justly liable to pay, and which did amount to about the Sum of Four hundred thousand Pounds; and the said Account having been transmitted by Order of the Board of Council to Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, then Resident at Luck-

now, the same was submitted to the Examination of the proper Officers of the said Nabob; and having been examined by them, the Articles of Charge on the Nabob were allowed, but certain Counter-claims were set up on the Part of the Nabob.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That the said Counter-claims being communicated to the Governor General and Council, were duly investigated, and the said Accounts were afterwards settled, and the exact Balance due to the said Company ascertained. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he did, as his Duty required, demand Payment of the Amount of the Debt which was justly due to the said Company from the said Nabob; and he denies that he took any Means to recover the fame, or pursued any Conduit in respect thereto, contrary to, or inconsistent with, his Duty.

And the said Warren Hajl fays, That the Debt due from the said Vizier to the Company did, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, amount to a considerable Sum of Money; and that, in order to discharge the fame, the said Governor General and Council were informed by the said Bris-tow, that the said Nabob had borrowed Money at the usual Interest of his Country; but he denies that the said Debt had been occasioned by enforcing any un-jult Demands made on the Part of the Company, or any Persons in their Employ; and he denies that any such were made or enforced.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That having quitted India on the Eirft February, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, he cannot, from his own Knowledge, set forth the State of the Account between the said Company and the said Nabob since that Period; but he does not believe that such Consequences did arise from the Company’s Demands on the said Nabob, affeefting his Country and Government, as in the said Article are ftaced; and he denies that the said Demands were brought forward with any such Views as are therein set forth.

And the said Warren Hajlings craving Leave to refer to the Answer he has already made in respect to the Deputation to Lucknow of Major Palmer and Major Davy, in the said Article mentioned, denies that he ever did authorize or instrutft the said Major Pal-

mer or the said Major Davy to make any such Demand of a Loan from the said Vizier as in the said Article is stated; but he fays he did instrueft the said Major Palmer as follows: " I desire you to endeavour to obtain from the Ministers, and from " such Sums of Money as they can spare from their " own Means, or raise by their Credit upon Loan, " for the Service of the Company. To effect this, " it will be necessary to convince them, that they will be no Losers by it, but that on the contrary their Property will acquire a Security from being lodged " in the Company’s Funds. Explain to them the " Nature of the Company’s Interest, Notes, and the of Means of Credit by which they pass in Circulation, <c and are transferable from the original to other fuc-<c cefiive Proprietors, so as to give them a just Idea " of the Tenure and of the equal Footing on which. " Native, Alien, and British Proprietors stand in Pof-" session of them. At the same Time it will be proper to apprize them of the Fluctuation of their <c current Value, which it would be criminal to suppress. You may assure them that when Peace is " restored to our Establishment, and our Expences fc are consequently diminished, the Debt will be gradually paid off, as a former Debt contracted before " my Appointment to the Government, to a much " larger Amount, was discharged in the Course of t( Two Years within your own Remembrance; and that " the estimated Value of the Notes will rife to the " Rates of their specific Sums, and even above them, " on the Prospect of Payment; so that the Proprie- tors will be subjected to no Loss, unless they " shall chuse to part with their Property in the " Notes during the intermediate Times of our Inability to discharge them, the Annual Interest due " in the Interval being duly and punctually paid. I " have no Doubt of their Fidelity, but it can be no of way so strongly shewn, nor the Company’s Support " of them be so strongly engaged, as by the Assist-u ance required." And with respect to the Demand charged in the said Articles to have been made. That the said Vizier Should take Four Battalions of the Company’s Troops into his Pay for the Collection of his Revenue, the said Warren Hajlings fays, that. Application having been made in or about the Month of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, by the said Vizier to the Governor General and Council, for certain Troops to be Rationed for the Defence of the Nabob’s internal Dominions, and no specific Answer having been given to the said Application, the said Major Palmer was instructed to confer with the Nabob on the said Subject, who then expressing an Unwillingness to have the said Measure carried into Execution, it was immediately abandoned.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That he never did falsely or evafively deny, or endeavour to explain away, any Share he actually had in the above Proceedings; and he denies that he was ever guilty of any Falsehood or Evasion on the Subject.

And he admits. That he did not call the said Major Palmer, or the said Major Davy, to account

for their Condut in the Transactions aforesaid, believing the n, as he now does, that they had not done any At which made it incumbent upon him so to do.

SIXTEENTFI ARTICLE.

I N Answer to the Sixteenth Article, the said Warren Hajlings, denying that he did ever entertain any such Design, or was atuated by any such Motive, or was guilty of any such Criminal Ats as are, in the Introdution to the said Article, stated, fays. That Almas AH Khan, therein mentioned, did farm con* § siderable

a 8 Geo. III. 50 Decembris. 73

siderable Districts in the Dominions of the Nabob of Oudey and was a Person of great Influence and Power therein. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that at various Times, previous to the Twenty-third of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, he had received Information, which he believed to be true, that the said Almas Alt Khan was at the Head of a considerable and powerful Force, at a Time when the Dominions of the Nabob were also, in other Respects, in great Disorder and Confusion, and that he was in a State of Rebellion, and had retreated with the said Force, and a considerable Treasure, to the Confines of the said Dominions. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he made a Representation to the Minister of the said Vizier, concerning the said Conduct of the said Almas Alt Khan, and that the Vackeel of the said Vizier did receive, at Calcutta, a Perw&nnah, purporting to have been sent by the said Vizier, the Contents of which were communicated to him the said Warren Hajlings, and which repre-fented the Information before received by the said Warren Hajlings, touching the said Almas Ali Khan, to be false and without Foundation: But the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he had, at that Time, good Reason to believe the Contents of the Perwan-nah itself to be, in this and other Respects, untrue. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that he was afterwards informed that the said Almas Ali Khan did return to the Capital of the said Vizier, under an Engagement for his Personal Safety, And the said Warren Hajlings Iurther fays, that on or about the Twenty-

third of October, One thousand Seven hundred and

Eighty-two, being then absent from Calcutta for the Recovery of his Health, he did, in Consequence of a Reference made to him from the Board of Council, draw up certain Instructions for Esquire,

then Resident at the Court of Oude,. containing, amongst other Things, the following Paragraph i " The Means by which Almas Ally Cawn has been permitted to acquire Independency have been long ,f seen, and the Effects of it foretold by every Person " acquainted with the State of that Government, except those immediately interested in it. The late " Resident has been his constant Advocate j and I lately understand that, however truly, the Minister " disclaims all Concern in this imprudent Measure. It is very extraordinary that his Defection, his Re- treat to the Frontier, the subsequent Negociations " which passed between him and the Nabob, the " Engagements concluded between then?, which re* " semble more a Treaty between equal States than a " Transaction between a Sovereign. and his Vassal, " have all -passed, without the leafb Communication or Report of them made to me by the Resident, or " his Assistant, or the Minister; and in a Letter " which I have lately received from the Nabob, the " Minister has had the Presumption to make the " Nabob declare the Whole to be false and without u Foundation, and to affirm that every Part of his Dominion enjoyed the most perfect Peace and " Tranquillity. Upon this Subject the Behaviour of the Minister is so reprehensible, that 1 think it in-« cumbent upon me to let him know my Sentiments of it; it will at least shew him how thin the Veil " is by which he covers his own Acts, and that such " Artifices will only tend to make them the more €t Criminal, from the Falsehood and Duplicity with of which they are associated. As for Almas Ally Cawn " himself, the Policy which has been observed towards him has been scandalously derogatory from " the Nabob’s Dignity and Interest, and hurtful to " the Reputation of our Government, as far as it is " connedied with it. If any Engagement shall ac- tually sublist between them at the Time you have_ u Charge of the Residency, it must, however excep-« tionable, be faithfully observed; but if h? has been Vol XUII.

tf guilty of any Criminal Offened to the Nabob his " Master, for which no Immunity is provided in the " Engagement, or he shall break any one of the Con* " ditions of it, I do most strictly enjoin you, and it tl must be your special Care, to endeavour, either by Force or Surprize, to secure his Person and bring " him to Justice; by bringing him to Justice I mean,' u that you urge the Nabob, on due Conviction, to punish him with Death, as a necessary Example to " deter others from the Commission of the like " Crimes; nor must you desist, till this is effected. " I cannot prescribe the Means; but, to guard my- self against that Obloquy to which I may be ex* " posed by a forced Misconstruction of this Order by those who may hereafter be employed in searching our Records for Cavils and Informations against f< me, I think it proper to forbid, and protest against " the Use of, any fraudulent Artifice or Treachery, " to accomplish the End which I have prescribed; " and as you alone are privy to the Order, you will of course observe the strictest Secrecy, that it may not transpire; but I repeat my Recommendation of " it as one of the first and most essential Duties of " your Office."

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That the said Instructions being laid before the Board Coun-: cil at Calcutta, for their Approval and Correction, they did unanimously approve of the fame, and ordered that they should be copied fair, and dispatched to the said Bristow, which was accordingly done. And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that, at the Time the said Instructions were given, he knew of any such Engagement on the Part of the said Vizier with the said Almas Ali Khan, as in the said Sixteenth Article is Hated, or fhat the said Instructions to the said tow were of such Nature or Tendency, or that the Condudb of the said Warren Hajlings in respect thereof was such as in the said Sixteenth Article is. stated, or that he was in any Manner Criminal in respect thereof. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that the said Bristow did represent that he had not attempted to seize upon the Person/of the said Almas Ali Khan, declaring

that, inasmuch as the said Almas Ali Kban had returned to Lucknow, under a positive Engagement of Personal Safety, such a Measure would have been considered an Act of Treachery, and was therefore, as he the said Bristow did also declare, peremptorily forbidden by the said Instructions. And the said tings fays, that the said Bristow did afterwards transmit to the Board of Council sundry Complaints and Documents respecting such Subjects as are in the said Article stated; and the said Board did thereupon di-red! an Enquiry to be made as to the Truth thereof j and he admits, that he did, on the First of,

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, write a Letter to the said Almas Ali Khan, containing Expression of Favour and Protection, and gating, that he did not give Credit to the Accufarions against him t which Letter, he avers, was in the then State of Public Affairs proper and necessary. And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that, after going to Lucknow, he did invest the said Almas Ali Khan with any Power whatever; but he fays that the said Almas Ali Khan was by the said Vizief continued in the same Authority as he had before possessed.

And the said Warren Hajlings believes it to be true, that previous to the Arrival of the said Warren HaJ-tings at Lucknow as aforesaid, the said Almas Ali Kban had held his Farms of Revenue from Year to Year; and the said Warren Hajlings fays, that some Time in the Month of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, the said Vizier did make a Settlement of his Country with his Aumeens or Collectors, and amongst the rest with the said Almas, for a Term of Five, and in some Instances, Six Years; but the said Warren Hajlings denies, that the said Settlement with

U the

74 5° Decembris.A. 1787.

the said Almas was of such Nature as in the said Six- Subjects as might require his Assistance. And, as to teenth Article is stated: And he further fays, that a the supposed Salary and Emoluments stated in the said Sum of Money, amounting to Fifteen Lacks of Ru- Seventeenth Article to have been paid to Major Wil-pees, was afterwards, on the Suggestion of him the Ham Palmer therein mentioned, the said Warren said Warren Hastings, advanced by way of Loan to the tings fays that the fame, if any such were paid, were said Nabob Vizier by the said Almas, concerning which paid without the Knowledge, Privity, or Recommen-the said Warren Hastings did, in a Letter to the Court dation of him the said Warren Hastings. of Directors, dated the Thirtieth of April, One thou- And the said Warren Hastings fays, That in or about find Seven hundred and Eighty-four, write as follows: the Month of July, in the Year One thousand Seven " The Third Article (meaning the said Loan) was ob- hundred and Eighty-three, a Paper was received, intained by my own Suggestion from Almas Alt Kban, closed in a Letter to the Governor General and Counwho complied chearfully and without Hesitation cil, from Mr. purporting to be aTranflation

" therewith, considering it as an Evidence seasonably of a Letter from Three Brothers of the said Vizier, in xi offered for the general Refutation of the Charges of which they did represent themselves to be in Distress " Perfidy and Disloyalty which have been so labori- for dry Bread and Cloaths; but whether such Distress u ously urged against him, and carried at one Time actually existed, and was relieved by the said Bristow, to an Excess which had nearly driven him to aban- the said Warren Hastings cannot set forth.

" don the Country for the Preservation of his Life And the said Warren Hastings further fays, That some " and Honour, and thus to give a Colour to the Time in the Month of September, One thousand Seven " Charges themselves." hundred and Eighty-four, the said Warren Hastings

And the said Warren Hastings denies. That such his being then at Benares, did receive Information that Representation was false, or that he had any Intention Mirza Hyder Ally was arrived there? and the said therein to deceive the Court of Directors, or that, to Warren Hastings, not knowing before that Time that his Knowledge or Belief, the said Almas had at the there was any such Person, did write to the Nabob Time of such Representation neglected to pay up the Vizier to the Purport or Effect following: " A few regular Instalments stipulated by the Terms of his " Days since I learnt that a called

Lease; or that the said Warren Hastings was in the " Ally was arrived at Benares, and called himself a Whole, or any Part of the said Transattion, guilty of " Son of the deceased Nabob Sujab ? and I

any such Misconduct as in the said Sixteenth Article " was also told that he came from; as I did

is suggested, or of any Crime or Misdemeanor what- " not know whether he left Fyzabad with or without soever. " your Consent, I therefore did not pay him much

" Attention; and I now trouble you to give me every " Information on this Subject, how he came here, SEVENTEENTH ARTICLE. " and what your Intentions are about him: He re-

mains here in great Distress j and I therefore wilh IN Answer to the Seventeenth Article, the said V to know your Sentiments."

Warren Hastings fays, he believes it to be true, that And the said Warren Hastings further fays. That the Laws and Customs of the East allow a Plurality having received an Answer from the said Vizier, he of Wives and Concubines, andrthe Families of the did, on or about the Thirteenth of One

Princes of Indoftan are generally numerous; but the thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, inclose the -laid Warren Hastings denies, that the Sons of the said same in a Letter to the said Mirza, of which Letter Princes are all equal in Dignity, of whatsoever Mo- the following is a Copy: " An Answer is arrived to thers they may have been born. And he fays, that what I wrote, on your Account, to the Nabob by the said Laws and Customs the Maintenance of " Vizier, which I enclose to you. Having read it, such Families does entirely depend upon the Will and you will fend it back. I conceive you had better Pleasureof the Reigning Sovereign; the said Warren *« go to the Nabob Vizier’s Presence, who will cer-Hastings denying, however, that he possessed the whole " tainly afford you Protection and Assistance. I will Power and Dominion of the Nabob of Oude,or that " write what is proper to carry with you to the Na-he was in Justice or Duty bound to take Care that a " bob, and it will, in every Respect, be for your due Provision should be made for the Brothers and " Good. Whatever may be your Intention on this Sifters of the said Nabob, admits that he did not in- " Head, you will write to me." And the said War-terpose for the Purpose of procuring any other Pro- ren Hastings submits, that it was no Part of his Duty vision for the said Brothers and other Relations of the as Governor General, to interfere with the said Vizier said Nabob than what he the said Nabob had himself on Behalf of the said Mirza, or to obtain from the said actually allotted. Vizier any specific Assurances on the Subjefr.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That he cannot And' the said Warren Hastings further fays. That he set forth what Allowances were made to the supposed was informed that Mirza in the said Article

Relations of the said Nabob, nor how such Allowances also mentioned, did leave his Native Country in Dif-were paid, nor the Number or respective Ages of those tress, and did go to Mirza Shufty Kban, in the said Relations: But he denies that any Defalcation of their Article also mentioned. And the said Warren Haf-Maintenance, if such there was, proceeded from any likewise admits he was informed, that the said

such Causes as are in the said Seventeenth Article Mirza Jungli did afterwards leave the said Mirza Shufty stated: And, with respect to the said Surgeon, of the and repair to the Camp of

Name of Thomas, in the said Article mentioned, the with a View of obtaining some Establishment for him-said Warren Hastings denies that the said Thomas was self and Followers, patronized by him the said Warren Hastings, or that And the said Warren Hastings further fays, That in any Allowance to him did in any Manner arise from certain Letters written by David Anderson, Esquire, the Interference or Recommendation of him the said and John Bristow, Esquire, it was represented that Warren Hastings; but he fays, that the Allowances the said Mirza Jungli did apply to the said Bristow, made to the said Thomas, by the said Vizier, were such through the said Anderson, then on an Embassy in the as the said Vizier did of himself think proper to make? Camp of the said Scindia; and that in Conleqcrence the said Thomas, although he was not then Personally thereof the said Bristow did, amongst other Things, known to the said Warren Hastings, having been, at apply to the said Nabob Vizier fora certain Allowance the express Desire of Sujab Dowta, the late Vizier, to be made to the said Mirza, and for the regular lent up to Lucknow, to attend him and his Household, Payment thereof; and that a certain Allowance was and to fumilh Medicines for them and such of his accordingly settled by the said Vizier on the said

a8 Geo. III. 5 0 Decembri75

Mirza. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that Information of the above Transactions was transmitted to the Board of Council, and that a Letter from the said Vizier was received on the Twenty-third of gujl, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, containing certain Representations of the Distresses of himself and his Family. And he admits, that no Order was made by him the said Warren Hajlings for the Provision of any of the said Family, or for the Return of the said Mirza. But the said Warren tings denies that he was guilty of any Cruelty, Inhumanity, or Corruption, or of any Misconduct whatsoever, in the Matters aforesaid.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That about the Beginning of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, the said Mirza did apply by Letter to him the said Warren to use his

Endeavours with the said Nabob touching the Business of his the said Mirza's Jaghire. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he did. in Answer thereto inform the said Mirza, that he conceived it improper to trouble the said Vizier on the Subject, considering the heavy Expences and Distresses of his the said Vizier’s Government at the Time of the said Application to him the said Warren Hajlings by the said Mirza. But he denies that such Expences and Distresses were occasioned by any Intrigues or Misconduct of him the said Warren Hajlings.

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That on the Twenty-ninth of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, after the Recall of the said Bristow, he the said Bristow did transmit to the Governor General and Council Two Letters, one dated Twenty-eighth of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, the other Seventh of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, purporting to be written by the said Nabob ad-

dressed to him the said Bristow, to the Effect in the said Article stated. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that when at Lucknow he did not institute any Enquiry into the supposed Transaction in the said Seventeenth Article stated; or make any Order concerning the said Bebadre; and he denies that it was his Duty so to do.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That in respect of all or any of the Matters in the said Article stated, he has been guilty of any Criminal Neglect or Omission, or of any Misconduct whatsoever; or that he was or is responsible for the Distresses therein supposed to have exlfted; or that he did bring any Disgrace on the said Nabob; or in any Manner discredit or dishonour the Justice or Humanity of the British Name.

EIGHTEENTH ARTICLE.

AND the said Warren Hajlings, in Answer to the said Eighteenth Article, fays. That he has frequently expressed his Disapprobation of the System of Interference in Oude by Means of an Resident, and

that he did originally oppose the Introduction thereof; but he denies it to have been his Duty to have wholly declined such Interference’after the System of such Interference was established, or to have acted in respect to the same in any other Manner, or upon any other Principles, than those by which he was bound to regulate his Conduct in respect toother Matters entrusted to his Discretion. And the said Warren tings fays, that such Interference was continued with the Approbation of the Governor General and Council, he the said Warren Hajlings being Governor General j but he denies that he ever entertained any such corrupt Views as are in the said Article in that Behalf imputed to him. And he fays, that the said Governor General and Council did from Time to Time, as

the Public Service required, regulate and distribute the Fundions and Powers of the several English Agents by them employed on that Service; but he denies that he ever did, without assigning a Reason for such Measure, or by his foie Authority, and without the Concurrence of the Board, remove any Person entrusted with such Agency. And the said tings denies, that the said Mr. Middleton was recalled at the Time, or upon the Occasion, referred to in the said Article: But he fays, that the said Middleton, by a Letter addressed to the Governor General and Council, on the Twenty-third of August, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-nine, did a Ik Leave to resign his Office; and his Reflgnation was thereupon accepted. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that Mr. Hojea was ever appointed, or by him agreed to be appointed, to the Residency at or did, as the said Warren Hajlings believes, ever ad as Reftdent: And he further fays, that Mr. Purling did, soon after the Reflgnation of the said Mr. Middleton, succeed to the Residency at Oude, under the Appointment of the Board, and continue therein until he was afterwards removed from, and Mr. Bristow was appointed to, the said Office, in the Month of One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, by a Refolu-tien of the Board, in which the said Warren Hajlings did not concur. And he denies, that, upon the Removal of Mr. Purling, Mr. Middleton was restored to or continued in that Office, (ingly, for a Year, or as is stated in the said Article, or for any other Period of Time.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits that Mr. BriJ-tow, at the Period referred to in the said Article, came to England, and obtained the Orders of the Court of Directors for his Reinstatement; and that he the said Warren Hajlings did, under the Circumstances, and for the Reasons stated in his several Minutes of the Second and Third of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty, and to which he craves Leave to refer, propose, and the Board did resolve, to limit Mr. Bristow's Appointment solely to the Conduct of such political Negociations, Correspondence, and Transactions, as that Government might then, or at any future Period, be engaged in with the Vizier; and that he Should, in no Shape, interfere in any Matters reflecting the Company’s pecuniary Engagements with his Excellency; and that Mr. Nathaniel Middleton Should be appointed Agent, on the Part of Government, for' receiving, collecting, and managing the Tuncaros, or Assignments, which had been, or might thereafter be, granted by the Nabob for the Liquidation of the Claims of that Government upon him; and that he Should be further entrusted with the Adjustment of the Accounts and Disbursements relative thereto; and that he Should be directly answerabte to the Authority and Orders of the Governor General and Council, and in no Respect whatever dependant on, or connected with, the Office of Resident. And he denies that the Appointments last mentioned had the Tendency, or were of the Nature, stated in the said Article. And the said rjen Hajlings denies that he ever neglected to answer any Letter of the said Bristow which it concerned the Duties of his Situation or the Public Interest that he' Should have answered, or that he neglected to give him any Instruction which he ought to have given, or that he prevented the Nabob from conferring with him on any Affairs whatsoever, as alledged in the said Article.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that the said Bristow was afterwards removed upon a Pretence only that he was disagreeable to the Nabob; for he fays that he was removed by the Governor General and Council, ,the said Warren Hajlings being then Governor General, in Consequence, amongst other Things, of an urgent Request for that Purpose contained in a

Letter

76 5° Decenthris. 787.

Letter from the Nabob, received by the said Warren O sundry private Letters svhich were not entered Hastings on the Twentieth of May, One thousand on the Public Consultations. And lie denies that he Seven hundred and Eighty-four, and by him laid be- was by Law bound so to have entered the fame. And fore the Board. And the said Warren Hastings avers, he denies, that in any Instance in which he produced that the Removal of the said Bristow was, in the then Extracts of such Correspondence he was by Law re-Situation of the Affairs of the Company and the said quired to make any further or other Communication Nabob, a proper and expedient Measure. of such Correspondence than he actually made in such

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That the said Instance. And he denies, that in respect thereto, he Middleton was afterwards, by the Governor General was actuated by any sinister, corrupt, or improper and Council, the said Warren Hastings being then Go- Views or Designs whatsoever.

vernor General, re-appointed to the Office of Refi- And the said Warren Hastings fays. That he did oc-deilt, together with Mr. John/on as his Assistant cafionally correspond and communicate with the Refi-therein; and that Mr. Bristow was afterwards again dents at Oude for the Time being, by Means of various appointed by the Governor General and Council, the Persons; but he dentes that his Conduct in this said Warren Hastings being then Governor General, to Respect was in any Manner improper, be Resident at Oude. And the said Warren Hastings And the said Warren Hastings denies. That he did fays, that he did, in a Letter addressed by him to the by his Influence prevail with the said Vizier originally Court of Directors, and dated the Twentieth of March,to appoint the said Hyder Beg Khan to be his Minister, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, de- or to continue him in that Office against the Will of clare as follows: "When the State of this Admi- him the said Vizier. And the said Warren Haftingt nistration was such as seemed to admit of the Ap- admits that the said Hyder Beg Khan did in a Letter*

pointment, without much Diminution of my own dated the Seventh of Jpril, One thousand Seven hunInfluence, I gladly seized the Occasion, to shew dred and Eighty-three, being at a Time long subse-ct my Readiness to submit to your Commands. I quest to his Appointment to the Office of Minister " proposed his Nomination (meaning the Nomina- to the said Nabob, use such Expressions of Obedience " tien of the said Bristow): He was nominated, and and Submission to the said Warren Hastings, and make " declared to be the Agent of my own Choice." such Declaration, as are in the said Article dated; And the said Warren Hastings did, in the said Letter, but he denies that the said Hyder Beg Khan was in Fa<5fc farther represent to the said Court of Directors in dependant upon him the said Warren Hastings, or that what Manner he apprehended that such Diminution the said Declaration of the said Hyder Beg was by him of his Influence would be detrimental to the Affairs meant in the Sense which the Terms of that Declara-of the Company: But for the full and particular tien literally import; but for his true Meaning the re-Contents of the said Letter, the said Warren Hastings in, the said Warren Hastings craves Leave to refer to craves Leave to refer thereto, when the same shall be the Letter of the said Hyder Beg, containing the fame, hereafter produced. when it shall be hereafter produced.

And the said Warren Hastings fays, That he did, in And the said Warren Hastings admits, That he did a Letter to the Vizier, declare to the Effect stated in declare his Belief that the said Ilyder Beg Khan had the said Article, in order to obviate the mischievous affixed the Name and Seal of the Nabob to Letters Consequences which he apprehended might follow without his Consent, and that the Nabob was in Effrom the apparent Diminution of his Authority. fedl a Cypher in his Hands.

And the said Warren Hastings fays. That Mr. BriJ- And the said Warren Hastings fays, That he has oc-towwas afterwards removed by the Authority of the cafionally disapproved and endeavoured to controul Governor General and Council, he the said Warren the Conduct of the said Hyder Beg, with whose Ad-Hastings being then Governor General -, but he denies ministration of the Government of Oude the Interests that he did, by Means of such Removal, seek to ob- of the East India Company were in some Respcfts tain, or did in Effect obtain, the said Office of Refi- materially connected. And the said Warren,

dent for himself, or that he did ever perform the as to the Menaces in the said Article supposed to have Function of the said Office himself; but he fays that been held out by him to the said Hyder Beg , the said Bristow was removed for Reasons sufficiently fays, that he did, in a certain Letter to the said Hyder authorizing such Removal j and for an Account of Beg Khan, which he presumes to be alluded to by the such Reasons, as well as for the Proceedings of the said Article, express himself as follows: " As the first Board upon that Occasion, the said Warren Hastings " Effect of your Exertions, I require that the Ba-craves Leave to refer to his Answer to the Nineteenth " lance which is due to the Company be fully cleared Article herein after made. And the said Warren Ha/- " by the End of the Year, so that not an Anna shall tings fays, that he did, early in the Year One thou- " remain in Arrears. — I have a Right to exact this fa'nd Seven hundred and Eighty-four, proceed to " Return to the Confidence which the World has Lucknow, for the Purpose of regulating the Com- " seen me place in you, and to the good Offices pany’s Interest in the Province of Oude, at the Invi- " which the Friendship of the Nabob Vizier has ena-tation of the Vizier, and under the Authority and " bled me to afford you. — If I am disappointed, you Delegation of the Government of Bengal. And the " will impose on me the painful and humiliating said Warren Hastings, denying that he left the Office " Necessity of acknowledging to him that I have been of Resident in the Possession of Major Palmer in the " deceived, and of recommending the Examination said Article mentioned, fays. That upon his Return " of your Conduit to his Justice, both for the Re-from Lucknow,in the Month of August, One thousand " dress of his own and the Company’s Grievances, Seven hundred and Eighty-four, Major Palmer was " and for the Injury sustained by both in their mu-left by him in Charge of certain Public Concerns " tual Connexion." And the said Warren Hastings there. And the said Warren Hastings denies that he submits, that neither the Objeit or the Terms of this ever fought or entertained any such Object or Pur- Representation were in any Respeit improper. And poses as are stated in the said Article, or that he ever the said Warren Hastings fays, that he did, in certain usurped the foie, immediate, or personal Nomination Instructions to Major , dated the Sixth of

of public Residents, such Reffdents having been in One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, state, every Instance appointed and removed by the Board, amongst other Things, as follows: " You may assure And he further denies that he ever changed them at " the Nabob that we will never interfere in his Af-his own arbitrary Pleasure. And the said Warren " fairs beyond his own Desire, nor make any Claim Hastings admits that he wrote to, and received from, " upon him but for what may remain of his Debt to Persons occasionally bearing the Office of Resident at * 'the Company, the Payment of his Subsidy, and of

6 " the

28 Geo. III.

tc the future Charges incurred by other Detachments employed at his Requisition, and for his Defence.

Much Delicacy and Caution will be required in your Declarations on this Subject, left they Should be construed to extend to an immediate Change in the Administration of his Affairs, or to the Instru- ments of it; their Persons must be considered as " sacred, whilst they aft with the Participation of our Influence."

And the said Warren Hajlin fays, That he did, in the Discharge of his Official Duty, hold Communications through different Persons with the said Hyder Beg Khan and the said Nabob; but he denies that he did, contrary to Law or his Duty, omit to produce , any such Communications, or any Part thereof; and he fays, that he did, at different Times, receive various Complaints from the said Hyder Beg against British Residents in Oude, all which Complaints were laid before the Board of Council, and were by them proceeded upon as the Nature of such Complaints required: But the said Warren Hastings denies, that he did aft thereupon in such Manner as in the said Article is stated. AnA he further denies, that he did unlawfully, or contrary to his Duty, or with any of the Views, or for any of the Purposes, stated in the said Article, fend up to Lucknow the said Major Pal-met and Major Davy; but he admits, that he did, in certain Letters to the Vizier, make use of the Expressions concerning Major Palmer stated in the said Article. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he did transmit, through the said Agents, divers Letters to the said Minister, or the said Nabob, of which the Public Residents did not receive any Copy or Translation, or of the Contents of which they were not authentically informed; and he fays that, in Letters to the said Nabob, and to the said Hyder Beg, entered on the Public Consultations, there do appear References to the said Major but not to the said Major Davy, for further Information; and he denies, that any Letters have been illegally or improperly by him suppressed, or that he ever did, without due Examination of their respective Merits or Demerits, take Part either with the Resident or Minister, or wilfully, or for any evil Purpose, in any Manner abet or ferment any Disturbances or Distrac-tiens whatsoever. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he did, in Consequence of certain Accounts which he had then lately received of the Neglect and Misconduct of the said Hyder Beg Khan, write to the said Hyder Beg Khan such Letter of Complaint and Remonstrance as is referred to in the said Article, and already in Part recited in this Answer, and to which he craves Leave to refer: And that he afterwards received a Letter from the said Major Palmer to the Effect stated in the said Article, and that he did transmit to the Board of Council a Letter from the said Hyder Beg to the said Major Davy, containing Charges against the said and he fays, that

as well in Consequence of those Letters, as of various other Informations received by him relative to the distracted State of the Vizier’s Country, the Truth whereof the said Warren Hajlings had Reason to believe, and which appeared to him to prove the Neglect of the then acting Resident, he did recommend to the Board at Calcutta (which he was then unable from Illness to attend Personally) to order the said John/on immediately down to Calcutta, and that the Commanding Officer at Cawnpore Should be directed, in case of the Disobedience of Mr. John/on, to fee the Orders of the Board enforced; and he further expressed his Opinion, that a Copy of the Orders of the Board Should be transmitted to Mr. Middleton, that he might likewise assist in the Execution of them; which Recommendation of the said Warren Hajlings, the Board accordingly adopted. And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that he had at any former Time rc-V*l. XLIII.

77

ceived any Charges against Mr. John/on of a Nature equally alarming with those contained in the Letters herein last mentioned. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he did, after the Recall of Mr. on the Twentieth of October, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, in a Letter of that Date, express his Disapprobation of the Conduct of the said Hyder Beg Khan. But he fays, that the Subject of such Letter was wholly foreign to any Matter of Charge against the said John/on, and unconnected with the Causes of his Removal. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that he did, in a Letter dated the Twenty-second of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and to which Letter he prays Leave to refer, recommend to the Board the Recall of the said Middleton, on certain Grounds therein stated. And he did, in his said Letter, state, that the said Middleton had failed in his Duty in not having carried into Execution the Conditions and Spirit of the said Treaty. Put he denies that such Recall was contrary to good Faith, or that he did ever make any such Promise, as in the said Article is stated.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he did, by all or any of the supposed Means stated in the said Article, ever throw any Difficulties or Discouragements in the Way of any Resident; or that he was guilty of any such Conduct with respect thereto, as is stated in the said Article; or that he did upon any such supposed System, or under the Influence of such supposed Motives, as are in the said Article suggested, or in any other Manner whatsoever, ever weaken or render odious the British Government, disturb or distract the Government of Oude, disorder the Company’s Affairs, protract the Payment of the Debt to the said Company from the said Nabob, or. give any Incitement to Rapacity or Peculation, as in the said Article is charged against him.

NINETEENTH ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Nineteenth Article, the said Warren Hajlings fays. That in the Month of September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, believing the Affairs of Oude to have been long in all ill Condition, owing to the Mismanagement that prevailed therein, and to other Causes, he did write the following Letter to the Council General at Fort William, bearing Date, upop the Ganges near Look/agore, Twenty-second September, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, at which Place he was then confined by Illness:

*« Gentlemen,

u A few Days before my present Indisposition commenced, I informed you, that I was sorry to find that the Resident at the Vizier’s Court had evi- dently failed in his Duty to this Government, in not tc having carried into Execution the Conditions and " Spirit of the late Treaiy with the Vizier. I had " farther the Mortification to be obliged to inform you, that neither the Resident, nor his Deputy in " his Absence, had communicated to me the Confulions which had arisen in the Vizier’s Dominions *« from a Neglect or Violation of the Treaty. The " Letters which I wrote in Consequence of such Mifft management to the Resident, and to the Acting " Minister of the Vizier, were laid before you and " approved. Upon the same Occasion I observed to " you, that the Obstacle which opposed itself to the " Nomination of Mr. Bristow to the Residentship at " Oude no longer existed; it was removed by my having vindicated what must ever be esteemed one of the ct necessary Privileges of this Government. I had u the Pleasure of finding, upon the most impartial . X " Enquiry,

5° Decembris.

78 .5® Decembris. A. 1787.

" Enquiry, that the Conduct of Mr. Bristow, during Instructions, in which the said was, amongst:

" his former Residence at the Court of the Vizier, other Things, enjoined to treat the said Nabob Vizier " had been proper and attentive. I accordingly wished with every possible Delicacy, Conciliation, and At-" to recommend him to succeed the present Refi- tention: But the said Warren denies that

" dent, provided the Vizier had no reasonable Ob- either the said written or verbal Instructions were in-" jedions to his Appointment. I have now great tended to have, or had, in Fad, such Meaning or " Satisfaction in informing you, that my Letter to the Effect, or were intended to convey, or did, in Ead, " Acting Minister of the Vizier has had the happiest convey, such Powers to the said , as are in the

" Effect in realizing the heavy Balances due to the said Nineteenth Article Bated.

" Company from Oude; and it is said, that the pre- And the said Warren fays. That he was

" lent Resident and his Deputy are brought to a bound to give all due Support to the said so

" proper Sense of their Duty to the Company. But long as he performed the Duty of his said Office, and " as in every Ad of my Administration of the Af- so Jong as it was confident with the Public Welfare, " fairs of the Company, I never had an Object in that he Should continue to hold the fame.

" View but their permanent Interest, as far as my And the said Warren denies. That he did

" Judgment could direct me; and as Prejudice in conceive any Animofuy against the said on

" Favour of those in whom I have confided, or Account of his original Appointment to Office, or " against those who opposed me, vanish in my Mind that he did seem to refenr, or did, in Fad, resent, any " when the Good of the Service requires it, I now Claim the said Brijiow had to Office; or that he did " with you to recall Mr. Middleton from the Court of contrive, in any Manner, to betray or injure, or that <e the Vizier, and to appoint Mr. Bristow in his room, he did ever, in Fad, betray or injure, the said.

" My weak State of Plealth obliges me to dictate this And the said Warren also denies, that he did

" Letter from my Bed j yet I cannot but add, that contrive, for any Purpose whatsoever, to increase, or " your Instructions to Mr. Bristow Should be strong that he did, in Fad, increase, any Disorders in Oude; <e and positive upon Three Points: First, that he or that he ever entertained any of the corrupt or selfShould always ffie.w every possible Respect to the interested Purposes by the said Article imputed to " Vizier and his f amily} Secondly, that he Should him; or that he did ever endeavour to counteract any " take the most effcdlual Steps for securing all that proper Endeavours of the said Bristow to procure a "’may remain unpaid of the Company’s Balances; Reformation of the said Disorders, or that the said " Thirdly, that the Security and internal Peace of Warren Hajlings did uphold or maintain the Laid " the Vizier’s Dominions, and the Happiness of the Beg Khan in Opposition to all or any of the necessary " People, Should be continually in his View; and Plans of Reform, by himself the said Warren Hajlings " that he Should communicate fully and freely with ordered or diiedted.

" this Government upon those Subjects. The State And the said Warren fays, That he did or-

" of my Health requires my proceeding farther' up der the said Bristow to endeavour to obtain an early " the River, and 1 shall communicate to Mr. BriJ- and minute Information of the State of the Provinces n tow, with your Approbation, any more particular of el’pecially, and the rest of the Nabob Vizier’s-" Instructions that may occur to me, and that 1 may Dominions, and to report the Result of his Enquiries " be able to fend him.". ‘ ’ to the Governor General and Council, and that it was

the Duty of the said Bristow to inform the said Governor.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the said General and Council, from Time to Time, of the-Board of Council, in the said Month of September, One Progress made in the Execution of the aforesaid In-thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, in Confor- strudions, and the Obstructions he might meet with mity to the Recommendation of the said Warren therein. And the said Warren Hajlings admits also, Hajlings, resolved to recall the said Nathaniel Middle- that he had made it an Article of Accusation against ton, Esquire, immediately from the Vizier’s Court, the former Resident Middleton, that he had not regu-and to appoint the said John Bristow, Esquire, to larly corresponded with the Governor General and succeed the said Middleton in the Office of Resident at Council; but he denies that the said Bristow did di-the said Vizier’s Court. ligently and properly pursue the Objects entrusted to

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That, in his Care, or that he did faithfully reprefenr to him Consequence of a Reference from the said Board, fun- the several Matters in the said Nineteenth Article in dry Instructions for the Conduct of "the said Bristow that Behalf Hated. And the said Jl'arren.

in his said Office, were drawn up by the said Warren further fays, that relying on Representations made Hajlings, on the Twenty-second OHober, One thou- by the said which he afterwards found to be sand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, and submitted partial and defective, he did concur with the Board to the Board for Correction and Approval, and were, of Council, in a Letter, bearing Date the Third Day by Older of the Board, transmitted to Mr. Bristow by of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-their Secretary; but he denies that it was thereby in- three, approving certain Measures of the said Bristow tended to invert the said Bristow with the Power of therein referred to; but he denies that he secretly reforming, by his own Authority, and without the gave, or countenanced others to give, an Opposition Consent and Approbation of the said Nabob Vizier, to the said Measures of the said; though he

the Abul’es which prevailed in the said Nabob’s Do- admits that he did publicly in Council, as Governor

minions; or that the said Warren. Uafiingsdid, in Ef- General, express his entire Disapprobation of many fed and Substance, authorize or require the said of the Measures of the said when the fame

Bristow to exercise all the Fundions of Government; came under tfte Consideration of the Board; and that and the Laid Warren llojings, as to the Particulars of he did also, from Time to Time, propose in Coun-the written Instructions by him given to the said Brft-cil such other Measures as appeared to him necessary tow, from which certain Parts or Extrads are, in the and proper for preventing the evil Consequences of the said Nineteenth Article, set forth, craves Leave to Measures adopted by the said And the said

refer your Lordships to the said Instructions, when the Warren fays, that he did not carry on any

fame shall be hereafter produced: And he fays, that private Correspondence with the said Brijlcw distinct the said Instructions were in the then State of the from that of the Board; but the said Warren Hajlings Dominions of Oude, according to the Opinion which fays, that the public Communication and ComTpon-. the said Warren Hastings then entertained of such State, deuce between the said Bristow and the said proper and necessary to be given. And the said War-Hajlings, as Governor General, and the Council, was ren listings did also give the said Brijlowfundry verbal constantly kept up during the whole Time that the

5 said

2.8 Geo. Ill* 5° Deceml 79

said Brijiow continued to hold the said Office of Refi-

dent; and the said Warren did repeatedly and

strongly press the Board of Council to form and fend such Instructions and Directions to the said as

they might judge to be necessary and proper. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he was guilty

of any Omission, Neglect, or Delay in this Behalf. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he did, for the Purpose of preventing the Council from giving a Support to any necessary Reforms in , or for any other Purpose, maliciously, wilfully, perfidiously, or fraudulently, or against Law or his Duty, hold back any Letter whatl'oever; but he admits that a Letter was received from the said bearing Date the

Twelfth December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-two, which Letter was immediately or soon after shewn to the several Members of Council. And the said Warren Hajlings admits, that the said Bristow, in his said Letter of the Twelfth December, and in other Letters addreffied to the said Warren Hajlings, of the several Dates in the said Article in that Behalf mentioned, did make sundry Complaints respecting the said HyderBeg Khan-, which Letters, with their Inclosures, being separately addreffied to the said War rep Hajlings, were not entered on the Proceedings of the said Board of Council till the Twenty-first April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

three: But the said Warren Hajlings denies that he disregarded the Representations of the said Brijiow. And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, that ^having received Two Letters from the said Nabob Vizier, containing various Complaints and Charges against the said Brijiow, and representing the Measures pur* sued by the said Brijiow to be an Usurpation on his the said Nabob’s Authority, but which Measures the said Warren Hajlings denies to have been pursued under any Authority from him the said Warren Hajlings, did, on the said Twenty-first of One thousand

Seven hundred and Eighty-three, as he conceived it was his Duty to do, produce and fubrnit to the Consideration of the Council the said Two Letters of the said Nabob Vizier, together with the aforesaid Six Letters from the said Brijiow, and Three Letters from the said Hyder Beg Khan.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits that he did afterwards produce to the Council various other Letters from the said Nabob, from Time to Time, as they were received, containing repeated Complaints and Charges against the said Brijiow, who, on his Part, wrote to the said Board of Council various Letters of Complaint against the said Nabob Vizier and the said Hyder Beg Khan.

And the said Warren Hajlings, craving Leave, as before, to refer to the said written Instructions to the said Brijiow hereinbefore mentioned, and also craving Leave to refer to a certain Letter addreffied to the said Hyder Beg Khan, by the said Warren Hajlings, which the said Brijiow was empowered, if he Should think fit, to deliver to the said Hyder Beg Khan, and from which certain Paffiages are stated in the said Nineteenth Article, relative to the said Hyder Beg Khan and the said Nabob Vizier, the said Warren Hajlings fays that he did, upon mature Deliberation, and after having carefully examined all the Information he was able to procure, consider the aforesaid Letters from the said Nabob as his own, and as written from Impressions on his the said Nabob’s own Mind; and he denies that the same were of such Nature or Tendency as in the said Nineteenth Article is stated, or that the Declarations of the said Warren Hajlings, in the said Nineteenth Article alluded to, were properly applicable to them, or that he had in this same any Reason to consider the said Letters as written to promote the Interests of the said Hyder, and not the Independency of the said Vizier.

And the said Warren Hajlings admits that he received

several Letters from the said Hyder Beg Khan, containing various Complaints and Charges against the said Brijiow, which the said Warren Hajlings having submitted to the Consideration of the Board, the same were entered on their Proceedings; and the said Warren Hajlings, for the several Contents thereof, craves Leave to refer to the fame: And he denies that he considered the said Letters as ^mounting to Proofs of all the Facts related in them, or that, in forming his Judgment upon them, he omitted to give to every Circumstance that could properly operate against the Credit of any of the said Letters its due Weight; but the said Warren Hajlings submits that it was the Duty of him the said Warren Hajlings, and the Council, to receive the said Letters, and to pay Attention thereto, as forming a necessary Part of the Information by which the Measures of the said Governor General and Council were to be governed: And the said Warren Hajlings denies that the said Hyder Beg Khan, and the said Palmer, could properly be considered in the Light in which they are represented in the said Nineteenth Article, or that the said Warren Hajlings did in any Manner violate or disregard Decency or Justice, or that he did attempt to deprive the said Resident of his Office, in the Manner stated in the said Article.

And the said WarrenHaJlings fays. That on laying the aforesaid Letters before the Board, on the Twenty-first April, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, he delivered a Minute, in the following Words: " The Governor General lays before the Board the " accompanying Letters and Papers received from tf the Nabob Vizier, and his Minister Cawn,

" containing various Complaints and Charges against " Mr. Brijiow, for Acts said to be done by him, in (( his Official Character, since his last Appointment of <c Minister at the Court of Lucknow, and grounded on " the Instructions given to him by the Beard, through <c the Governor General. The Governor General desires the Board to consider the delicate Situation in <c which he {lands, both with respect to the Nabob Vizier and Mr. Brijiow, and which they well know " to be particularly distreffiing, on an Occasion this Nature. He wishes, for this Reason, to follow the " Line which they may prescribe, rather than recom-f mer.d what in his Judgment may be requisite to ct the several Points offered to their Deliberation in " these Papers; and shall wait for their Opinion upon " them, before he delivers his own, if the Board, in " Relief to him, will admit of this Mode for the " Discussion of the general Subject. The Governor " General desires that his Instructions given to Mr. " Brijiow, which were read to the Members of the *c Board, and minuted, in Consultation, on the " Twenty-fourth October last, may be now entered, and prefixed to the accompanying Letters.’*

And the said Warren Hajlings further fays, That the Council having taken no Notice of the aforesaid Letters, he did again draw their Attention to the fame, on the Nineteenth May,-One thousand Seven hundred

and Eighty-three, by a Minute, in the following Words: " I beg Leave to remind the Board of the " Papers which I laid before them on the Twentyfirst of April, respecting the Complaints preferred by the Nabob Vizier against Mr. Brijiow. The " Fa6ts, as stated in these Complaints, are certainly Usurpations of the Authority and even of the Sovereignty of the Nabob Vizier. They are affirmed to " have been justified by an Appeal to my Instructions. " It therefore becomes me most particularly to endeavour to redress them, or to remove the Grounds " on which they are said to have been produced; for " which EffeCc I do, in the First Place, disavow <c having given him any Instructions intended for such *f Purposes; and, in the Second, I do, as it is my " Duty, move the Board to transmit to Mr. Brijiow " the Papers containing the Charges against him, to

" require

8o 5" Decembris. A. 1787.

require him to reply to them; and, in the mean for Disrespect of the Board, and Difobe-

" Time, if he shall have appointed any Person or " dience of the Letter written to him by the Board,

« Persons to the Charge of the Offices appertaining to " on the Twenty-ninth of May, and acknowledged " the Administration of the Nabob Vizier, that he do " by him on the Thirteenth June, in having to thi*

" immediately revoke the Appointments, and confine " Time avoided or neglected to reply to the fame,

" himself solely to the Charge of such Affairs as ap- " be removed and recalled from his Station and ‘f pertain to the Company, in the Department spe- Office at Lucknow" But the said Warren Haf~

"daily allotted to him, leaving to the Nabob Vizier tings fays, that his said Proposal waa negatived by the the entire and uncontrouled Management of his own Board.

Concerns." And the said Warren as to the Particulars

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the Mem- ' of the several other Minutes delivered in Consultation bers of Council did in their several Minutes delivered on the aforesaid Subject, craves Leave to refer your on that Occasion declare, amongst other Things, their Lord ships to the fame, as entered on the Confulta-Opinions, that the said Bristow Should be called upon . tiens of the Governor General and Council of Fort for his Defence, in Answer to the Charges made William. And the said Warren Hajlings fays, that against him. conceiving the said Bristow to have perverted the

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That further Sense of the aforesaid Instructions in every Applica-Letters of Complaints having been received and laid tien of them, and to have totally neglected to obey before the Board on the following Day, the said War- their obvious Meaning, he did on the Twenty-eighth ren Hajlings did, in a Minute on the Twenty-second O, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-

May, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, three, write to the said Bristow, declaring that such declare, that he meant not to condemn Mr. Bristow, were no longer the Instructions of him the said War-r nor was his Accuser: That it was highly proper and ren Hajlings, and that they Should not be vouched at regular that he should be furnished with the Com- any Authority from him, and required the said Bris-plaints which had been preferred against him, and his tow to cease to act under them as such. But the said Defence received, or Time allowed to make it, before Warren Hajlings fays, that previous to the writing of any Meifures were taken with respect to him Per- such Letter he had repeatedly called upon the Board of fonally, or his Office. And the said Warren Hajlings Council to furnish the said Bristow with other Instruc-did also declare, that he did repeat the Motion which tiens adapted to the Opinion which they entertained he had already made to the Board, that Mr. Bristow of the Conduct proper to be pursued by the said Bris-should be furnished with Copies of the Papers con- tow. And the said Warren Hajlings denies that he taining the Charges against him: That the Board did leave the said Bristow entangled in any Plots or should require him to reply to them} which the Board Conspiracies of any Agents or Instruments of him the did accordingly resolve and order. said Warren Hajlings , or that to his Knowledge or

And the said Warren Hajlings Cays, That some Time Belief any Plots or Conspiracies of any Kind were having elapsed without any Answer received from the formed by any Agents or Instruments of him the said said Bristow, the said Warren Hajlings did, on the Warren Hajlings.

Twenty-fourth July, One thousand Seven hundred and And the said Warren Hajlings denying that, in any Eighty-three, deliver the following Minute: of I com- of the Proceedings respecting the said Bristow, he was " plain to the Board of the Disrespect which has been actuated in any Manner by the Views or Motives in " shewn to it, and Disobedience to its Commands, by the said Nineteenth Article stated, and humbly craving u Mr. Bristow. Six complete Weeks have elapsed Leave to refer your Lordships for his Answer as to so " lince he acknowledged the Receipt of the Orders much of the said Nineteenth Article as relates to the " of the Twenty-ninth May, which required him to Delegation or Commission given to the said Warren " reply to the Charges preferred against him by the Hajlings, to act for the whole Board in Oude, in {he " Nabob of Oude. To these he has not yet replied. Month of January, One thousand Seven hundred and u but either remains in the Possession of an usurped Eighty-four, to his Answer on that Subject in the " Despotism, scandalous to this Government permit- next Article of Impeachment, herein after set forth* ting it, or treats its Authority with an insolent and the said Warren Hajlings denies, that he caused any presuming Indifference, by a Silence equally cul- Accusations to be renewed against the said,

pable, whether he is innocent or guilty of the Fasts either on the Part of the said Nabob Vizier, or the " of which he has been accused, or of the Criminality said Beg, or any other Person or Persons, or imputed to them. Perhaps Mr. Bristow may with that he conducted himself in an unjust, violent, or " to avail himself of the Principle which forbids that intemperate Manner, or that he used any Partiality " any Man shall be condemned unheard, to withhold with regard to the Accusers of the said Bristow, or his Defence until he shall either have exceeded the acted under any Prejudice against the accused, or that Period which has been so repeatedly portended for he was guilty of any Violation of Duty in all or any " the Close of the present Government, or until he of the said Proceedings respecting the said or

" shall have concerted other Means for eluding the that he caused or instigated the said Vizier to make " Effeftof an Inquiry; in the mean Time the Justice any Lamentations of his Situation, or to call for the of the Board is liable to be arraigned by suffering Prelence of him the said Warren Hajlings in Oude;

B such Delays. It i9 now Four Months since the but he fays, that the said Nabob Vizier did, of his Nabob Vizier transmitted his Grievances to me, own Accord, and without any Suggestion or Appliand more than Three since they were formally made cation whatsoever from the said Warren Hajlings, di- known to the Board. On these Grounds I hope the reftly or indirectly made, write sundry Letters, de-Board will agree with me in the Resolution of feribing his Uneasiness and Distress, and soliciting bringing this Business to a Decision, without fuf- the Presence of the said Warren Hajlings in Oude, as " fering it to depend longer on the Pleasure of Mr. the Means of quieting his Mind, and re-establishing " Bristow , and that they will allow me to bring it his Affairs. And the said Warren Hajlings, denying before their Notice for that Purpose on Monday that he did cause or foment any Discontents or Dif-u next." orders, or that he did, by any such supposed Acts or

And the said Warren Hajlings did, on the Twenty- Violences as are in the said Nineteenth Article stated, eighth of the same Month of July, deliver the fol- or by any other unwarrantable or improper Acts what-Jowing Minute: " Conformably to the Declaration soever, obtain the Removal of the said Bristow from u made and recorded by me in Consultation of the his said Office of Resident, or the Delegation of him- Twenty-fourth Instant, J now move. That Mr. fclf the said Warren Hajlings to the Court of Oude, or

6 hi*

28 Geo. III. c° Decem 8l

his Appointment to any Office whatsoever 5 and the said Warren Hastings fays; that the Governor General and Council did, in the Month of December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, resolve to remove the said Bristow from his said Office, upon a ' Conviction of the Propriety and Necessity of that Measure, as considered with a View to the Welfare and Interests of the East India Company, and the Rights of the said Nabob Vizier. And the said Warren Hastings craves Leave to refer to the Proceedings

of the said Board for an Account of the said Measure, and their Reasons for the fame, together with the Circumstances which preceded and attended the Execution thereof.

And the said Warren ID flings denies. That he did jever countenance an Opposition to the Establishment of Courts of Justice in Oude or that he is guilty of all or any of the Acts or Neglects of Duty, or of any of the supposed Offences or Instances of Misconduct, in the said Nineteenth Article set foith, or that any Measures by him pursued did produce any such Effects as are in the said Article dated, or that he was the Cause of any Want of Security to the Property or Lives of the Inhabitants, or of any Evils, Mischiefs, Piforders, Tumults, Robberies, or Murders, as in the said Nineteenth Article is charged against him.

TWENTIETH ARTICLE.

IN Answer to the Twentieth Article, the said Warren Hastings fays, Tha. the Nabob Vizier being, in the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, indebted in a large Sum of Money to the East India Company, and having offered to find Security for the Payment thereof, as well as for the Demand of the current Year, on Condition that John , Ef-

quire, then Resident at his Court, and Esquire, Assistant to the said Bristow, Should be recalled, and the Residency at his Court entirely withdrawn, the said Warren Hastings did, in the Month of July, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, propose that the said Offer Should be accepted; but the said Proposal was, by the Majority of the Board of Council, rejected. And the said Warren Hastings further fays, that the said Majority did afterwards, by a joint Minuie, dated Thirty-full December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three,' propose to accept the said Offer, on Condition that the said Warren Hastings would hold himself responsible to the said Company, and to the Public, for the faithful Performance of certain Engagements on the Parr of the said Vizier and his Ministers, to wit. That the Balance due to the said Company Should be paid into their Treasury by Bills on creditable Bankers, payable Half in One Month, and tire remaining Half in Two Months from the Date of the Surrender by the said Bristow to the said Vizier of his said Office; which Proposal the said Warren Hastings did decline to accept, conceiving that it was thereby meant, that he Should be Personally responsible for any Failure that might happen of the said Payments within the Time aforesaid. But the said Majority having, in a subsequent Minute, dated Thirty-first December, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, explained the Responsibility proposed in the former Minute to mean such Obligations as constituted Responsibility in a decided Recommendation of any Measur contrary to the general Opinion of the Board; the said Warren Hastings did agree to become specially responsible for the Propriety of accepting the Offer made by the said Vizier and his Minister for the Payment of the Balance due to the Company, and for the current Demands of the Year, under the express Condition that the said and

William Cowper, Esquire, Assistant to the said Bristow,

should be recalled. And the said Warren Hastings Vol. XLIII.

fays, that he did, on 6 tabbut the Twenty-first j

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-four, receive from the Board of Council, certain Credentials* whereby he was inverted with the full Power and Apthority of the said Board (so far as the same could be legally delegated) for the Accomplishment of certain Objects in the said Credentials particularly specified. And the said Warren Hastings admits, that he did proceed to Lucknow, and return to Calcutta on the Days in the said Article mentioned. And the said Warren -tings denies, that the said Commission was unnecessary* or that the Expences attending the said Delegation did amount to the Sum of Money in the said Article mentioned; but he admits, that he did take with him several Engliflh Gentlemen; he denies however, that tho Number of them was unnecessary, or that any Burthen was thereby brought upon the Nabob; or that thd taking such Gentlemen with him was a Measure repugnant to the Sense of the Information which is stated in the said Article to have been sent by him the said Warren Hastings to Edward , Esquire. And the said Warren Hastings fays, that, being at Lucknow as aforesaid, he did, in Consequence of the Resolution of the Board hereinbefore mentioned) acquaint the said Nabob Vizier, that his aforesaid Proposal had been accepted and agreed to by the said Board; And the said Warren Hastings fays, that in the Month of January, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five, he did, in a Minute of that Date, recommend to the said Board to engage with the said Vizier, that while the said Vizier continued to fulfil the Engagement into which he had entered, no Person should be de- , puted to reside in his Court but at his own fponta-neous Inclination, nor Should any Authority be exercised within the Limits of his Dominions by the Appointment or Permifllon of the Board, except such as Should be required by the Nabob himself from the Military Officers stationed for his Defence and the Protection of his Country, until the Conclusion of the then current Year, or until-the Orders of the Court of Directors Should be received in Consequence of the References which had been made to them, if such Orders Should either enjoin or authorize a different Conduct. And the said H arrHaflings humbly fub-mits, that the Measures by him pursued with the Vizier were well authorized by the Powers with which he was then inverted. And he further lays, that a Clatile was, at the Instance of the several Aumils, or Persons raking Farms, inserted in their Leases from the said Vizier, that the said Leases Should be in full Force for the complete Term thereof, provided no foreign Authority was exercised over them 5 or in other Words, that their Engagements Should cease whenever they Should be interrupted in their Functions by the Interference of a British Resident j which Clause the said Warren Hastings admits was inserted with his Approbation; but he denies that the said Clause was of such Nature, or productive of such Effects as are in the said Article stated, or that the same was in any'Respect unwarrantable or illegal. And the said Warren Hastings avers, that the Arrangement by him made and recommended, in respect to the Vizier, as hereinbefore mentioned, was, in the then Situation of the Company’s Affairs, fit and expedient. And the said Warren Hastings denies, that he did ever assign any Reasons for the said Measures dishonourable to the British Name or Character; or that any Imputations ever thrown upon the British Name, Government, or Influence, were in any Respect owing or imputable to any Misconduct of the said Warren Hastings. And he further denies, that he did ever endeavour to destroy the Dependance on British Faith, or that he did ever attempt to create a Reliance on his own Personal Faith, in Exclusion or to the Prejudice of a due Reliance on the Faith of the British Nation. And the said Warren Hastings further.

Y fays.

5* Decembris. A. 1787.

fays, that Major Painter, in the said Article mentioned, did continue at Lucknow as Agent to the said Warren Hastings, on the Appointment of him the said Warren Hajlings, at the special Instance and Request of the Nabob, but not at any such Yearly Expence to the said Vizier, known to the said Warren Hajlings, as is dated in the said Article.

And the said Warren Hastings denies, That he did, on his Return to Calcutta, day in the City of Benares (or the Purpose in the said Article mentioned: But he admits he did remain fume Time at Benares j and he avers, that his Continuance there during such Time,

was for proper and justifiable Purposes. And the said Warren Hajlings likewise denies, that he did, after his

Return to Calcutta as aforesaid, bring forward Charges against the said Bristow, as in the said Article is dated} but he fays that he did, whilst at transmit to

the Board certain Objections made by the said Vizier to the Accounts of the said Bristow, in order that the said Bristow might give an Answer to the fame; and an Answer was afterwards accordingly delivered in to the Board by the said Bristow, which by the said Board was taken into Consideration after the Return of the said Warren Hajlings to Calcutta. And the said Warren Hajlings denies, that he had settled any Pen-(ioners on the Revenues of the said Nabob, or that he did corruptly leave, under the aforesaid Major Palin er, any Establishment of English Pensioners, authorized by him the said Warren Hajlings, to be paid out of the Revenues of the said Nabob. And the said Warren Hajlings also denies, that he did in any Manner preserve to himself in the Province of the said Nabob any corrupt or improper Influence whatever.

And the said Warren Hajlings denies, That he did give up or abandon the said Nabob and his Territories, or the Company’s Interests therein, to the entire Dominion of Hyder Beg Cawn, as in the said Article is alledged. And with respect to such Part of the said Article as states " that the said Warren HaJtings,by his Agreement, did leave sundry of the great Farms of the Revenue in the Province of u Oude under Almajs Ali Khan," the said Warren Haf-

tings humbly craves Leave to refer to his Answer in this Behalf hereinbefore made.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays, That he did not make any Stipulation with the Vizier respecting any of the Persons in the said Article mentioned; but he denies that he was guilty of any Neglect or Breach of Duty in that Respect, or that the said Persons were thereby exposed to the Resentment of the said Hyder Beg Khan, or that the said Warren Hajlings knew any Resentment was entertained by the said Hyder Beg Khan against those Persons.

And the said Warren Hajlings fays. That the Bankers, whose Security was taken for the Payment of the said Debt from the Vizier to the Company, were, at the Time of giving such Security, Persons of unimpeached Credit and Responsibility, and the Bills taken from the said Bankers for the said Debt were all duly discharged, except One, which the said Warren Hajlings has been informed was not regularly paid when it became due; but which, as he has likewise been informed, has since been discharged. And the said Warren HaJ-tings denies that the Payment of the said Debt was pretended or delusive j and he further denies that he did take ay ay any Security from in the said Article

mentioned: But the said Warren Hajlings fays, that a Bond having been executed by the said John Bristow, on the Parc of the said Company, to the said Gopal Dojs, dated the Eighth of June, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-three, for a certain Sum of Money advanced by the said Gopal for the Use of the said Company, to be repaid from whatever might remain after providing for the Company’s necessary Disbursements, from the Receipts of certain Assignments specified in the said Bond; and the said Sum, by Reason

of the urgent OCcafionS of the Government not having been duly discharged, according to the Condition of the said Bond, certain other Arrangements were made by the Board of Council with the said Gopal Dojs for the Liquidation of the said Demand, which was afterward* fully satisfied. And the said Warren Hajlings denie* that the Credit of the said Company was, in any Re-speft, affected by any of the Matters aforesaid.

And the said Warren HaJHngs denies. That by alt, or any, of die Measures aforesaid, he did dangerously affect the Paymetits of succeeding Years, or that the actual Amount of the Debt due from the said Nabob to the said Company was, in any Manner, imputable to any Negled of Misconduct of the said Warren Haf~ tings j or that he was, or is, in fefped of any of the Premises in the said Article mentioned, guilty of an Crime or Misdemeanor whatsoever.

1 1 — a v.

AND as to all other Matters and Things in the said Articles contained, and not hereinbefore particularly answered unto, the Did Warren Hajlings fays, he is not guilty of them, or any of them, in Manner and Form as the same are charged upon him In and by the said Articles. And the said Wafren Hastings humbly requests of your Lordships, that in this hia Answer to the several Matters in the said Articles contained, your Lordships will be pleased to understand him to have followed the Order and Succession iit which the same are in the said Articles arranged and set forth j and in referring to such Articles, generally to have referred to such Parts and Passages thereof as correspond with and relate to the Faffcs, Circumstances. Declarations, and Expressions then particularly considered and adverted to, and to which his Answer is in such Instances immediately applied; and also that in all Cafes where the Narration or Statement by him in his said Answer given touching any Facts, Circumstances, Declarations, or Expressions* materially varies from or contradicts the Narration of Statement of like Fafrs, Circumstances, Declarations* or Expressions contained in the said Articles, that he may be understood to deny such latter Narration of Statement to be true to the Extent in which such material Variance and Contradiction exists. And the said Warren Hajlings humbly hopes, that your Lordships wilt excuse any fmperfeftions or Defects with regard to Expression or Form in his said Answer j and will permit him, with all Humility, to bespeak your Lordships Candour and Indulgence on Account of the peculiar Nature of the several Articles of Impeachment} which he apprehends, both as to the Manner in which the same are framed, and the Matter which is the Subject of them, will be found materially different from any which have ever yet been exhibited at your Lordships Bar: For, with respect to the said Charges, the said Warren Hastings begs Leave to observe, that they consist of a minute and elaborate Scrutiny into his whole Official Conduct during a Government of Thirteen Years, comprehending an infinite Variety of Events, and involving the Management of a great Commercial and Political System, in a Service of uniform Difficulty and Exigence, and at many Times of extreme National Peril: Nor are the said Charges confined to Measures, but even his Declarations and Opinions delivered in the Course of Debate and Consultation, according to such Information as he possessed at the Moment, and often under Circumstances which would not afford Time for adequate Deliberation, are made Subjects of Accusation against him. The said Warren Hastings therefore humbly represents, that, under such Circumstances, he must necessarily stand in much Need of your Lordships favourable Construction of his Conduct, in order that the many Omissions and Imperfections, which.

in the Review of the past Measures of his long and arduous Administrarion, your Lordships superiorWif-dom shall discover, may be imputed to Error and Infirmity, and not to any corrupt or criminal Intention. And the said Warren Hastings feels it the more necessary to solicit your Lordships Indulgence, as he was separated at a very early Age from his native Country, from every Advantage of that Instruction which might have better qualified him for the high Offices and difficult Situations which it has been his Lot to fill, and left to form his Rule of Conduct in a great Degree on his own Practice, and by the Light of his own Understanding.

And the said Warren Hajling begs Leave further to J-epresent, That many of the Measures which in the said Articles are stated as Crimes or Misdemeanors by him Individually committed, were, in Fad, Measures of the Council at large, and for which, therefore, he humbly conceives, he ought not to be separately and distinctly charged; and, with respect to many others of the said Measures, he trusts he shall be able to satisfy your Lordships that they were rendered expedient and necessary by former Acts and Resolutions of the Board, adopted, in some Instances, hot only without his Concurrence, but against his Opinion and Vote; and he trusts that your Lordships will permit him to observe, that many of the Plans and Arrangements which are in the said Articles drawn Into a Matter of Criminal Charge against him, were by him at first proposed with a Reference to the known Opinions and Sentiments of those with whom he was appointed to ad, and were afterwards varied and modified, in the Course of Discussion at the Board, so as to be irt the Result, and at the Period of their Execution, essentially different from the State in which they were originally offered; and that many Measures Which are also made the Subject of Charge against him have been fully approved by his Successors in Office, and continue to form a Part of the present System of Government in India; and he doubts not but your Lordships will consider the Length of Time which has elapsed since several of the said Acts are charged to have been done, and the Distance of the Countries in which they are supposed to have taken place, and that on these Accounts he mull labour under much Difficulty in giving a full and particular Explanation of the fame, of the Causes by which they were produced, and the Circumstances with which they were attended. And further, in as much as many of such Transactions relate to Negociations with the Ministers of Foreign States, who cannot be produced as Witnesses in his Defence, however material their Testimony might be, and require the Evidence of certain other Subjects of such States who are like-wife not amenable to the Process of this High Court, your Lordships' will therefore, he humbly trusts, be disposed to" receive with due Indulgence, the Defence he may hereafter make under such Disadvantages j and, as many of the said Articles of Impeachment are founded upon his Opinions and Declarations, as extraded from divers ^Letters and Entries upon the Public Consultations, written at various Times, and under Circumstances materially different, connected also with, and dependant upon, the former Declarations and Opinions of himself and others, not stated in the said Articles, he further presumes to hope that your Lordships will not suffer him to be prejudiced by any Opinions or Declarations thus detached and brought forward, but will at the same Time examine the Series of Letters and Consultations relating thereto, and will compare together such Parts and Passages of them as may give Light to each, and to the Whole. And he further humbly submits, that as in Political Negociations and Treaties with Foreign Powers, when the Interest of several Parties distinct from and oppo-fne to each other are to be adjusted, great Address is

necessary in the Management thereof,* and such Terms are often proposed, and such Arguments used, as carry an Appearance different from the real Intention of those who treat j in which Respect it may be difficult to reconcile the various Means used for the Attainment of the End proposed: The said Warren Hajlings humbly requests that, with regard to his Conduct in all such Respects, he may in like Manner receive your Lordships Indulgence. And he further ventures to observe to your Lordships, that in the Conduct of the important Concerns intruded to his Charge, he has often been obliged to act upon general Appearances only, and according to such Information as he could collect and such Judgment as he was enabled to form at the Moment, particularly in Cafes in which immediate Evils seemed to threaten the Government Under his Charge, and which it became his Duty by instant Exertion to prevent.

And further, the said Warren Hajlings begs Leave to represent, That the general Nature and Quality of many Measures, now the Subject of Charge against him, considerably depend upon the Manners, Customs. Principles, and Laws, peculiar to the Countries in which such Measures were adopted } and cannot, therefore, as he conceives, properly be judged of by the same Rules and Principles as would determine the Quality of like Actions in the Country where he is now called to answer for the fame.

And, in Addition to the many peculiar Circumstances which char?derize this Cafe, he is persuaded it will not escape the Difcernmerit of your Lordships, That he stands charged with a Responsibility, eqqally new in its Kind, and unlimited in its Extent: That h^ is required to answer not only for Acts of supposed Misconduct in himself and others, Subjects of the Crown of Great Britain, or Servants of the East India Company j but is also questioned for various Acts of real or supposed Error or Malvcrfation, committed by the Ministers or Servants of Sovereign Princes, connected, by Alliance, with the Company j

and, in some Instances, for the Vices and Neglect of Duty in those Princes themselves, and that too, not in Matters of a Public Nature only, but in the private Relations of Civil Life: That he is, upon other Occasions, charged as responsible for the casual Effects of Military Tumult, for a supposed Decline of Population, Arts, and Agriculture; and, in general, for every Symptom of internal Disorder and Decay, suggested to exist in Countries rempte from the Seat of BritiJlj Government, and exempt from its immediate Authority and Controul.

And the said Warren Hajlings further hopes, That your Lordships will not deem him to have erred in supposing, from his several Re-appointments by the Legislature, at the Times and in the Manner stated in the Introduction to this, his Answer, that he had reasonable Cause to conclude, that the general Principles on which he acted, and the Measures he had punned previous thereto, as far as they were respectively known, did thereby receive a Legislative Sandion.

And further the said Warren , with all Hu-

mility, observes. That notwithstanding the Length of Time his Conduct has been the Subject of Parliamentary Investigation, and during which he has been charged with Acts of the most flagrant and notorious Corruption, Rapacity, Extortion, Injustice, and Breach of Faith, by which he has been alledged to have sacrificed the Interests of the East India Company, dishonoured the British Name and Character, and reduced Provinces to Desolation j yet, of the Multitudes who mull have been Sufferers by such enormous Wrongs, if such had existed, not One Individual has yet appeared to complain against him; bur, on the contrary, the Native Inhabitants of the Provinces immediately subject to his Authority, do generally, as it is well known, and as he trusts lie shall be able to prove, x hold

X

5° Decembris. A. 1787,

hold the Memory of his Government in RespeCL The Sovereigns and Princes of India, who were connected by Treaty or Intercourse with the East India Company during his Government, have not only preferred no Complaints against him, but several of them have, since his Departure from India, corresponded, and do still correspond, with him, by Letters, profdTing Sentiments of Friendship and Esteem for his Person and Character. And he begs Leave further to represent, that Letters from some of the said Princes, containing their Acknowledgments of his good Faith, Honour, and Integrity, have been transmitted to his Successor in Office, and to the Court of birectors, and appear upon the Public Proceedings of the East India Company. And the said Warren Hafiings further, fays, that the British Inhabitants of Calcutta, and the Officers of the Army who were the Witnesses of his Conduct, have Publicly testified their Sentiments of the same in Two separate Addresses presented to him after his Resignation of the Service; and one of them, many Months after his Return to England, expressing the Acknowledgments and Thanks of the Persons whole Names are subscribed to the fame, for the upright, equal, and beneficent Exercise of the Authority with which he had been, during a long Course of Years, inverted over them, for the vigilant Attention and active Support given by him in the most difficult and perilous Times, to the great and extensive National Interests intrusted to his Charge, and for having been inrtrumental to the Splendour and Glory of the British Arms by the Services on which they were employed under his Direction.

And, lastly, the said Warren Hafiings fays, That the East India Company, and the Court of Directors of the said Company, whose immediate Concern it was to have called him to a Public Account, and to whom the ordinary Courts of Justice were open for legal Redress, if it were true, as is alledged in the said Charge, that the Interests of the said Company have suffered great and essential Injury by the Neglect of Duty, Disobedience of Orders, Breach of Public Faith, and Corruption, of him the said Warren tings, so far from calling him to an Account for the said supposed Crime*, have afforded him their public Approbation of his Conduct; and the said Court of Directors did on his Return, by an unanimous Vote, bestow on him their Thanks for his long, faithful, and able Services. And the said Warren Hafiings humbly hopes, that he will not be deemed to have trespassed on your Lordships Indulgence, in having laid before your Lordships these Testimonies of Approbation, being, as he apprehends, Matter of fair , and honourable Mention, at a Time when the general Tenor of his Public Conduct is impeached, and Motives of Action are aferibed to him utterly repugnant to his Disposition and Character: And with all the Assurance of an innocent Man he begs Leave lolemnly to declare, that in the high Stations he has been called upon to fill, he has ever, according to his belt Skill and.Judgment, ailed with a sincere and ardent Zeal for the Public Service, uninfluenced by any View to his own private Advantage; and thus with all due Humility, but at the same Time with that Confidence which a Sense of his own Integrity, and of the high Honour and Justice of this august Tribunal, must inspire, he submits himself to your Lordships Judgment, firmly trading that he shall thereby receive that full and honourable Acquittal, which, next to the Approbation of his own Confidence, it must be his highest Ambition to obtain. Warren Hafiings.

Cler’ Parliamentor’.

Mr. Haf- Ordered, That the said Answer of Warren Hafiings, Esquire, be referred to a Committee j and that they

Committee,

do consider thereof, and report their Opinion what is most proper to be done towards the further Proceedings thereon:

And Mr. Burke was nominated a Member of the said Committee.

And it being proposed. That Philip Francis, F.f-quire, should be One other Member of the said Committee;

And the same being objected to;

The Question was put. That Philip Francis, F.fi-quire, be One other Member of the said Committee;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

fMr. Grey, J

The Lord > 23.

land: J

f The Earl of Morn- Tellers for the Noes, < ington, > 97.

(The Lord HoodJ So it passed in the Negative.

Then Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Thomas Pelham,

Mr. Windham, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr. Grey, Mr. Adam,

Mr. Anfiruther, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, the Lord Maitland, Mr. Long, General Burgoyne, Mr. North, Mr.

St. John, Mr. Fitzpatrick, Mr. Wilbrabam, Mr. Courtenay, and Sir James Erjhne,were severally nominated to be the other Members of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee do meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records that shall be thought necessary to be used upon the Trial of the said Warren Hafiings, Esquire, and to proceed in the most speedy and l'ecret Way they can for the Advantage of the Prosecution.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Floufe Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, SuPP'y* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Copy of the Treaty between His Treaty with Majesty and the Landgrave of Hesse CaJJel, signed at HciuCiiU Cajfelthe 28th of September 1787; and Translation, be " er‘ referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the Floufe, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Papers relating pies of the Opinions of the Attorney and Solicitor

General upon the Legality of the Appointment of Sir ed.

Elijah Impcy to the Office of Judge of the Sudder De-wannee Adaulet, delivered to Lord Sydney.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Confultations of the Governor and Council of Bengal of the nth of March 1765, so far as concerns an Application to them for a Pardon for -dachurn Metre, convicted of Forgery at the Quarter Sessions, held at Fort William, in Bengal,

3 ,

28 Geo. III.

5° — 6° Decembris. 85

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the said Court of Quarter Sessions upon the Trial of the said Metre.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter wrote by the Governor, and Council of Bengal, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 16th March 1765, so far as relates to the said Radachum Metre.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the said Court of Directors to the said Governor and Council, dated 19th February 1766, so far as concerns the said Radachum Metre.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor and Council, and of the Quarter Sessions at Bengal, upon and in consequence of a Pardon granted to the said -

dachurn Metre.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 6° die Decembris J

Anno 28* Georgii III. W Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

HE House being informed that Mr. Account of

from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Aa<)re(Tes pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of all Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens* and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of all Sums, of Mohey which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

To the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom - —

George White, Esquire, towards reimbursing him Expences incurred for Business done, pursuant to the Directions of Two Acts, passed in the last Session of Parliament, for procuring Returns from the several Parishes and Places in England and Wales of of the Poors Rates, tfc. - —

John Nicholls, Esquire, for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of the House of Commons, with Marginal Titles to the fame, for the last Session of Parliament - —

To His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, in Part of the Sum of £. 161,000, for the Purpose of discharging His Debts ——

More to him, on Account of the Works at Carlton House — — —

Henry Hughs, Esquire, for defraying the Expences attending the printing Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of the House of

Commons — — ___ ____________ ____________ __________

John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of the House of Commons, towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of the House of Commons - —

Exchequer, the 6th Day of 'December 1787.

7>*93

s. d.

3,006 — —

776 — —

60.000 — — -

20.000 — —

4,827

1,000

14 6

L-

James

97,496 14 6

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Committee ap- Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect £a Return" an<^ con^er Returns made by the Ministers and JeUtivetoCh*- Churchwardens relative to Charitable Donations for limbu Dona- the Benefit of Poor Persons, in pursuance of an Act *"* passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign; and to report, from Time to Time, their Observations thereon to the House, and how far the Directions of the said Act have or have not been complied with.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Minchin, Sir William Mr. Vyner, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Thornton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Tudway, Sir James Voi. XLIII.

Long, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Gamon, Mr. Sir John Miller, Mr. Dickinson, Mr. Jackson, Mr. , Mr.

Dempster, the Lord Westcote, Mr. Mnefley, Mr. Hop*

kins, Mr. Grosvenor, Mr. Townshend, Mr, Huffey, Sir

Herbert Mackworth, Sir George Howard, Mr. Bramjhn,

Sir Henry Hcgbton, Mr. Ord j and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from Report Way* the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was *n(1 Mean*, referred to copfider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to

Z the

1

Malt.

Land Tax*

6° — 70 Dec.

A. 1787.

the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thar, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, which, by an Act of Parliament of the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, have Continuance to the 24th Day of June 1788, be further continued and charged upon all Malt which shall be made, and all Mum which shall be made or imported, and all Cyder and Perry which shall be'made for Sale,

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty-six thousand and Ninety-three Pounds and Fifteen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Subsidy,

within the Kingdom of Great Britain, from the 23d which will be due to the Landgrave of Hejfe for Day of June 1788 to the 24th Day of June 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Four Shillings in the Pound, and no more, be raised within the Space of One Year, from the 25th Day of March 1788, upon Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, Pensions, Offices, and Personal Estates, in that Part of Great Britain called Eng- Persons entitled to their Freedom by Birth, Marriage,

land, Wales, and the Town of Berwick upon 'Tweed; and that a proportionable Cess, according to the Ninth Article of the Treaty of Union, be laid upon that Part Of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr, Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the farrie.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the other of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr.

Report Siij^ ply.

the Year 1788, pursuant to Treaty.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent

or Servitude, in Cities, Towns, Ports, and Boroughs, from voting at Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for such Cities, Towns, Ports, and Boroughs, until they have been admitted to their Freedom a limited Time previous to the said Elections;

The House divided.

The Yeas were directed to go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

Tellers for the Noes, j.

So it passed in the Negative*

Hessian Subsidy.

Motion for Bill to prevent certain Per Ion from voting at Elections.

Keg.

None.

52.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Account re* Command,

Art Account of the Money which remains still to be Wales’* Debt* Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to prefemed. Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, for the of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor Purpose of discharging His Royal Highness’s Debts.

General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and And the Title of the said Account was read, bring in, the fame. The said Account is as followeth > viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Money which remains still to be issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, for the Purpose of discharging His Royal Highness’s Debts.

One hundred and One thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the T able, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the: Clock.

Veneris, 7* die Decembris *,

Anno 28* Georgii III*'1 Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

Hndhoom \ Petition of Jane Pyle, Widow, and Nicholas ciofuttVed* II P)‘e> on behalf of themselves, and other the riUnT Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, lying within the Parish of Worthy, in

the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are within the said Parish several Open Common Fields, and certain Parcels of Common Down and Waste Land s and that the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners and others, in the said Fields, lie intermixed and difpeifed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are capable only of small Improvement; but, if the said Open and Common Fields, and Common Downs or Waste Lands, were divided and inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Interests therein, it would be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Parties: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet,

Ordered,

t

Sijj.

Sub.

fcri

crijft

re*

ic

)C3U

18 Geo. lit*

7° Decembris*

Clerkenwell Church Petition reported.

BatlevDebtors

Petition.

Papers relating to Radachurn Metre presented.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pilrfuanc to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Jervoifeand Mr. Thiflle do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Mr. JervoiJereported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Minister, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James at in the County of Middlesex,was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Carr being examined, said. That the said Parish consists of Two Districts, the one called Saint James's, and the other Saint John's; and that the Parishioners in both the said Districts have contributed, and are liable to pay, towards the Repairs of the Parish Church of Saint ,which is situate in that Part of the Parish called Saint James’s.

That the present Church is in (b ruinous a State it is impossible to repair it, but that the fame, together with the Tower or Steeple, must be taken down, and it will be expedient to re-build the fame.

That it is also necessary to enlarge the present Church Yard, or to make a new Cemetery, and to open convenient Ways and Passages thereto, and to the new Church.

That the most convenient Mode of raising Money for the above-mentioned Purposes, and for discharging certain Debts already contracted, on Account of the present Churches of both Districts, will be borrowing Money on Annuities for Lives, and on transferrable Bonds.

Mr. George Burrows being examined, confirmed the foregoing Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Cler--kenwell, in the County of M, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto: And that Mr. Jervoise and Mr. Thomas Jervoise do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the unfortunte Debtors confined in Batley Gaol, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress j and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° i. Copy of the Confutations of the Governor and Council of Bengal, of the i ith of March 1765, so far as concerns an Application to them for a Pardon for Radachurn Metre, convicted of Forgery at the Quarter Sessions held at Fort William in And

also,

N° 1. Copy of the Proceedings of the Quarter Sessions upon the Trial of Radachurn Metre: And ' al so,

N° 3. Copy of the 34th Paragraph of a Letter from the Governor and Council of Bengal to the Court of Directors, dated nth Mar 1765, so far as relates to Radachurn Metre: And’also,

N° 4. Copy of the 100th and 101st Paragraphs of a Letter from die Court of Directors to the Governor

and Council, dated 19th February 17 66, so far as concerns Radachurn Metre: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Proceedings of the Governor and Council of Bengal, in consequence of a Pardori granted to Radachurn Metre.

Together with a List of the said Papers*

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of thi$ Session.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Stephens presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Etcpences incurred by the Augmentation and Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval Forces, since the 18th of September last, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Charges incurred by the late Armament, so far as the same can be at present made up at the War Office, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Expence in-

curred by the Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance on Account of the late Armament," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Money issued from His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues for His Majesty’s Service Abroad, since the 5th Day of January 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of all Sums of Money ‘which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Addresses of the House of Commons, and which have not been made good by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Account of the Money which remains still to be issued out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to His Royal Highness George Prince of Wales, for the Purpose of discharging His Royal Highness’s Debts, be referred to the said Committee j

The House was moved, That His Majesty’s most Gracious Message to this House, of the aift Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

2 The

Malt Bil presented*

Land Tax Bill presented*

House resolvfcs to adjourn to Monday.

Marine Mutiny Bill presented.

Committee of Supply.

Estimate and Accounts referred.

Expences incurred by the lateArmament

D*.

D*.

D*.

A lid refs Money.

Prince of Wales's!) ebts.

Replication to Mi ‘Haftings’s Answer to the Articles of Impeachment, reported.

70 — 10° Decembris. 1787.

The House was also moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House of the 24th Day of , in the last Session of Parliament, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to His Majesty upon taking His Majesty’s said most Gracious Message into Conti-deration, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they bad come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

guilty in such Manner as he stands impeached. And that the Commons will be ready to prove their Charges against him at such convenient Time and Place as shall be appointed for that Purpose.

The said Replication being read a Second Time;

Resolved, That the said Replication be the Replication of the Commons to the Answer o( Warren Esquire.

Ordered, That the said Replication be ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- md ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole defored. House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 10° die Decembris;

Anno 28* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

Mr. Burke reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Answer of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, to the Articles of Impeachment which have been exhibited against him, and to report their Opinion what is most proper to be done towards the further Proceedings thereon; That the Committee had considered the said Answer, and do find that the said Warren Hajlings, Esquire, hath endeavoured to cover the Crimes laid to his Charge by evasive Insinuations, and Misrepresentationoffa&s j and that the said Answer does give a Gloss and Colouring utterly false and untrue to the various Criminal Matters contained in the said Articles; and do humbly submit to the Judgment of the House their Opinion, that, for avoiding any Imputation of Delay to the Commons in a same of so great Moment, a Replication be forthwith sent up to the Lords, maintaining the Charge of the Commons , and that the Committee had prepared a Replication accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the same in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Report in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and the Replication is as followeth j viz.

The Commons have considered the Answer of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Names of themselves, and of all the Commons of Great Britain , and observe. That the said Warren Hajlings hath endeavoured to cover the Crimes laid to his Charge by evasive Insinuations and Misrepresentation of Fasts. That the said Answer does give a Gloss and Colouring utterly false and untrue to the various Criminal Matters contained in the said Articles. That the said Warren Hajlings did in Fad commit the numerous Acts of Extortion, Bribery, Peculation, Cruelty, Breach of Faith, Violation of the Orders of the lawful Authority to which he was subject, and of the various other Offences and Crimes of which he stands accused. And the Commons, in full Confidence of the Truth and Justice of their Accusation, and of the Necessity of bringing the said Warren Hajlings to a speedy and exemplary Punishment, and not doubting that your Lordships will use all becoming Diligence to do Justice to the Proceedings of the Commons, and to vindicate the Honour of the Nation, do aver their Charge against the said Warren Hajlings for High Crimes and Misdemea-nors to be true, and that the said Warren Hajlings is

ABILL for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of Sheet Hill, through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road, at or near Bar/ord, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

- Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ruddocke, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

- A. Petition of Sir Charles Levinge, Baronet, John Alfopp, and Robert Dale, Esquires, and Francis -/on. Gentleman, and the several other Persons whose Names are thereto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of several Open Fields or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the County of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That-the said several Open Fields or Stinted Pastures, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement* but if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons inrerested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement of their Ef-tates: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Cavendish do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Jervoi/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for pulling down the Church of James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powys reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable the Earl Fitz-william, and the humble Petition of several others. Owners, Proprietors, and Purchasers of Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Or-3 ders

tfrMteShttt Hill Road Bill committed*

Parwich Inclosure Ped^ don.

Clerkenwel Church Bill presented.

North KyvM Drainage Petition reported.

18 Geo. III. lo6 .

ders of the House, of the 25th of , 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been tomplied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Bovoker being examined, said, That there are within the said Manor or Township of North Kyme, certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, which being subject to be Overflowed, several interior Works have been made and erected at a considerable Expence for the Purpose of draining and preserving the same; but that no Provision is made for the Support and future Management of the said Works, and that if such Provision was made, the said Lands and Grounds might be more effectually drained and preserved, to the great Benefit and Advantage of the several Owners and Proprietors thereof.

And the Witness further said, That it would tend to the Security of the said Lands and Grounds, if the Owners thereof were empowered, at their own Expence, to cause certain adjoining Banks, under the Direction of the Commissioners for the Witham Drainage, to be repaired, whenever the same may happen to fall into Decay.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln: And that Mr., Powys, Sir John Thor old, and Mr. Anderson Pelham, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined for Debt in Sheffield Goal, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Debtors confined in Wood Street Compter;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Complaining of their Distress; and praying Relief. s

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Thomas Spencer, George TThomas Plardwich, George Hardzvich, and others, was presented

to the House, and read; Serting forth. That there are, within the Parish of Wefibury,in the County of Somer-Jet, certain Commons, or Waste Lands, called Westbury Moor, and Part of the Forest of Mendip, containing together, by Estimation, 1,200 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the said Thomas Spencer, George Tuttcn, Thomas Hardwich, George Hardwich, and others, are

entitled to Rights of Common upon the said Commons or Waste Lands, in Right of their Tenements commonly called Old Aujler, or Ancient Tenements-, :.nd which said Commons, or Waste Lands, as they :.ow lie waste and uncultivated, and it being im-pcfliole to prevent Trespasses upon the fame, in their present open and undivided State, are of very little Advantage to the Proprietors thereof in general; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Common? or Waste Lands, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, but of Public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Commons or Waste Lands, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Phelips and Sir John Trevelyan do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House being, informed that Mr. Alcock, from ^

the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended f,om'scoiiTn<l at. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, prC- p-rfented; fented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of what Number of Ships or Vessels from Scotland have been employed irr the Whale Fishery to Davis’s Streights and th'e Greenland Seas, with their respective Names and Burthens, from whence they were fitted out, and at what Port discharged; and also what Quantity of Oil or Blubber, or Whale Fins, each Ship has imported, from the 10th of October 1786 to the 10th of October 1787.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The ingrossed Replication to the Answer1 of Warren Hajl'mgs, Esquire, to the Articles exhibited agaifift him for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, was read.

Ordered, That the said Replication be sent to the Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the said Replication to the Lords.

Replication to Mr. Halting*’* Answtr ojd^a

ed to be carried

to the Lwdt*

A Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty Malt b;h certain Duties upon Malt, Muiri, Cyder, and Perry, w’mnutwA for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read a Second Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax Bill Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Ser- coai®,ted' vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty eight, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Marine Mu-Forces while on Shore, was read a Second Time. t,n>" *,llc0,n*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. "t,e

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, pursuant to their Surphif&s Address to His Majesty, presented,

' Surplusses stated the 5th Day of April 1787.

And the Title of the said Surplusses was read.

The said Surplusses are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof is as followeth; vi

Vol. XLIII.

Aa ABSTRACT

ABSTRACT of the said Surpli

The Exchequer to the Sinking Fuad — " " ~

To Surplus Monies trifen within the Half Year ended the 5 th Day of April 1787; a//*

Surplus of the Aggregate Fund, brought from Account, Folio 1 — - —

Ditto — of the<SW£ Sea Company's Fund, brought from Account, Folio 2 ~ —

Ditto — of the General Fund, brought from Account, Folio 3 — — —

To Money arisen by Sale of onrated Goods imported and undervalued, brought to this Account, pursuant to an Act 11° Georgii iml — " ~ "

To Money paid for Conscience Sake by John Harwood, Executor of Elinabttb Barsham —

To Monies brought to this Account on the 5th Day of April 1787, pursuant to the several Acts of Parliament in this Behalf; wiV.

D*.

708,372 18 250,244 2

495>°77 *2

7

7l

9i

453*694 13 iij

121

383

The additional Stamp Duty on Paper, granted per Act 40 Georgii i4i* for the Service of the Year 1731* brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 2$° Georgii zdl — — — ~

Surplus of the Proportion of the Produce of the Duties on Spirituous Liquor?, granted by an Act 26° Georgii 3"*, which is applicable to this Fund, to make good the Loss hereto by the Fepeal of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act i6Q Georgii 2dl — —

Ditto of the Proportion of the Produce of Ditto which is applicable to this Fund* to make good the Loss hereto by the Repeal of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors granted by an Act 19° Georgii zdl, and a Moiety of the Sum of £. 63,078. 8r. 8</. per Annum* directed to be applied out of the Duties on Glass, granted by an Act 17° Georgii 3*, to make good hereto the Loss by repealing the Duties on Glals, granted by the said Act 190 Georgii 2di — — — —

To the Surplusof the Arrears of the Duties on Wines, granted by an Act 18° Georgii 2di, and so much of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act 26° Georgii $tn% as is applicable to this Fund pursuant to the Acts 250 Georgii 2di, and 26° Georgii 3lli — — —

To Cash brought to tfyis Fund from the Tax on Licences to be taken out by Coachmakers, the Duty on Coaches, granted by Acts 250 Georgii 3tU, in full of £. 22,246, to make good the Loss to this Fund by repealing the Duties on Coaches, granted by an Act 20° £. /. d,

Georgii 2dl, for the Quarter ended the 5th of April 1786 4*055 — —

To Ditto, brought to Ditto, in Part of £. 88,984, for

One Year, ended the 5 th Day of April 1787 — 68,581 11 2

o

s. d.

— 23,028 — —

— — 6,149 — —

T _ .1 7

29>592 19 4

— 20,786 16 3$

The Subsidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 21° Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1748, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 250 Georgii 2di The Duty of 6d. per Ounce on Wrought Plate, granted by an Act 6°

7*^36

II

— — l7l>7°7 12

2i

Georgii i*1, for the Scrviceof the Year 1720, brought to this Account

1--1 1 U1 VI

pursuant to Ditto

The Duty on Licences to be taken out by all Persons dealing in or vending Gold or Silver Plate, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 3 2° Georgii 2di — " "

Surplus of the Duties on Houses and Windows, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 3tu, and the Arrears of the Duties on Ditto repealed thereby, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act — ——

The Duty of 3 /. 4d. per Bushel on Salt, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 2d* — . — — —

The Duty of 12s. per Barrel on Sweets, or Wines made from British or Foreign Fruit, or Sugar, granted by an Act 10® Georgii 2di, for the Service of the Year 1737, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act ^7° Georgii 2di — _ — —

Surplusof the additional Duties on Sope, Paper, and Coals, continued by an Act 2° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of £. 1,250,000, by Sale of Annuities 10 the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 28° Georgii ——

Surplus of the Duty x>n Coals, continued by an Act i° Georgii 2di, for raising the Sum of 1,750,000, by Sale of Annuities to the Bank of England, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 28* Georgii zdl

— - 92 17 6

— 3,075 — _

— , — 77.378 13 4*

— 132,010 11 a

~ >.7 34 ——

r- 70.799 is 3

19.459 s

,j dated the 5th Day of April 1787.

1 '

Per Centra

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to pay Half a Year's Interest, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of January 1787, as well on the Principal Sum of£. 37,770,924. 1 /. 9J</. remaining unredeemed of £. 39,281,521. 5/. 1 \d, in £.3 per Centum Annuities, consolidated and charged by several Acts of Parliament on this Fund, as on the further Sum of £. 20,150,000, added to the said Remain; wV. £. 2,150,000, pursuant to an Act 1 6° Georgii 3fU, and £. 18,000,000, pursuant to an Act zi° Georgii 3* - —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the fame

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year's Interest, doe the 5th Day of April 1787, after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum, as well on the Principal Sum of £. 18t353i773- 16/. 4d. remaining unredeemed of £. 194183,323. 16s. ±d. in Annuities, consolidated and charged upon this Fund by Acts 25° Georgii 2dl and 50 Georgii 3lil, as on the further Sum of £. 18,986,300, which, pursuant to the Acts 330 Georgii 241 and 2° Georgii 3«11, flood reduced to £. 3 per Centum per Annum from the 5th Day of January 1781, and by an Act 210 Georgii 3*11 is directed to be added to and made One joint Stock with the said remaining Sum of £.18,353,773. 16 s. ±d. ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities for the same Time, after abating £. 8. 6s, 6d, in respect of £. 37,000 Principal, purchased by the Commissioners for reducing the National Debt — — —

By the South Sea Company, to pay Half a Year's Interest, due the 5th Day of January 1787, being after the Rate of £. 3 per Centum per Annum on £, 1,919,600, to which £. 2,100,000, borrowed on Credit of this Fund by an Act 240 Georgii 2di, is reduced, by abating from the same £, i8o,aoo subscribed and redeemed in pursuance of the Acts 120, 140, and 15* Georgii 3*" — — —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the fame

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on single Lives, payable at the Exchequer, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2di, and charged upon this Fund by an Act 320 Georgii 2di, for the Half Year ended the 5 th Day of January 1787 — — —

By Cash taken to answer Annuities on Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorftiip, payable at the Exchequer, granted and charged on this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 31*, for the Half Year ended the 5 th Day of April 1787 — — —

By the Chief Cashier of the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, for Annuities, granted by Acts 1° and 20 Georgii 3!il, for 99 and 98 Years, which were made One Joint Stock of Annuities, from the 5th Day of January 1764, by an Act 40 Georgii 3^, for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of April

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of these Annuities, for the fame

By Ditto, to pay Half a Year'* Interest, at £. 4 per Centum per Annum, due the 5th Day of April 1787, as well on the Principal Sum of £.5,000,000, borrowed and charged on this Fund by an Act 170 Georgii 3*, as on £.3,000,000 added thereto, by an Act 210 Georgii 3til, being the Amount of £. 25 per Centum additional Capital, at £. 4 per Centum per Annum, granted to the Contributors of £. 12,000,000 borrowed pursuant to the last mentioned Act — — —

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the fame

By Ditto, to pay Annuities to continue for 10 Years, from the 5th Day of April 1777, being after the Rate of Ten Shillings per Centum per Annum on £.5,000,000, borrowed pursuant to an Act 17° Georgii ji11, for Half a Year ended the 5th Day of April 1787 ——

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the said Annuities, for the fame

Time — __ __________ __________

By Ditto, for Charges of Management of the several Annuities payable in respect of £.4,980,772. 3/. 3\d, remaining unredeemed of £.5,000,000, borrowed by virtue ol an Act 310 Georgii 2dl, for the Service of the Year 1758 (which Management was, by a Clause in the said Act, charged on this Fund) for the Half Year ended the 5th Day of January 1787 — —

C'-

VO

O

£ Sm d,

868,813 *7 I3>°3* + *

560,101 2 if

8,393 3 10

28,794 ——

539 *7 9

12,283 12 6

270 — —

124,125 ——

1,396 8 if

160,000 — — 1,800 ——

12,500 — — ' 140 12 6

— — 1,120 13 St

-1

100 Decembris, 1787.

V,ro«t\.v

Llunk of I'.np —

» <J . A 5 V

g

cq^ — +' N' CD Q.

D

o

c8

?T

42,036 — —

7,080 8 9 4>*oi *7>zl7

12

2

10

164,631 11 5

— — 27,725 —

The Duty on Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 290 Georgii 2di — 24>5S2 " '

The additional Duty on Cards and Dice, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 29° Georgii adi — — — 5,429 —

The additional Stamp Duties on Pamphlets and Printed Papers, granted by an Act 30° Georgii 2dI, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 320 Georgii 2di ——

The additional Duty on Coals exported, the like — — —

Surplus of the New Duty on Licences to retail Wines, the like —

Ditto, of the Duty on Licences to retail Spirituous Liquors, the like — -

TotheSubfidy on Goods and Merchandizes imported, granted by an Act 32* Georgii 2dl, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 33^ Georgii 2dl To the Proportion of the Produce of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 26° Georgii 3th, which is applicable to this Fund, to make good the Loss hereto by the Repeal of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 240 Georgii 2dl — — —

To the Duty on Brandy, granted by Acts 330 Georgii 2dl, and 6° Georgii 3rd, and Proportion of the Produce of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, grant: d by an Act 26° Georgii 3d1, which is applicable hereto, to make

food the Loss to this Fund by the Repeal of the Duties on Spirituous iquors, granted by the Acts 330 Georgii 2dl, and 6* Georgii 3d* — <

To the Duty on Brandy, granted by an Act 2° Georgii 3d1, and the Proportion of the Produce of the Duties granted by the said Act 261 Georgii 3lit, which is applicable hereto, to make good the Loss to this Fund by the Repeal of the Duties on Spirituous Liquors, granted by an Act 20

To the Duties upon Malt, granted by an Act 330 Georgii 2^, brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 20 Georgii 3lU — —

To the additional Duty upon Strong Beer and Ale, granted by an Act 1°

Georgii 3lU, brought to this Account pursuant to an Act*4° Georgii 3d1 To the additional Duties upon the Exportation of Coals, and of several East India Goods, granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 50 Georgii 3di — _ — —

To the additional Duties on Policies of Assurance, the like —

To the additional Duty upon Italian Silk Crapes and Tiffanies imported,

granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 60 Georgii 3tU — 3»0OO —

To the additional Subsidy upon East India Wrought Silks, granted

and made a Part of this Fund by one other Act 6° Georgii 3d1 — 15*000

To the additional Duties upon Broad Linen Cloth and Drillings imported,

granted and made a Part of this Fund by an Act 70 Georgii 3td — 8,107

To the Arrears of the additional Duties on Wines, granted by an Act 30 Georgii 3d*, and so much of the Duties on Wines granted by an Act 26°

Georgii 3d1, as is applicable to this Fund, pursuant to the Acts 8° and 26*

— 136,067 — —

25,67* — 83,626 — —

24*^53 —

26,731 8i

766 ——

18 9 18

-j til

— — 27>119

19 9!

ai

— 1 >913 —

— 34*354 —

— 5»3°5 "

Georgii 3'

To the Duties upon Cyder and Perry, granted by an Act 6° Georgii 31 brought to this Account pursuant to the above Act 8° Georgii 3d1 To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, and on New/.paper, granted by an Act 16° Georgii 3d1, and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act ——

To the additional Duty on Cards and Dice, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the same Act — — —

To the Duties on Licences to be taken out by Auctioneers, and the Duties on all Lands, Houses, and other Things sold by Auction, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to Acts 170 and 190 Georgii 3d1 To the additional Stamp Duty on Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act 170 Georgii 3d1 To the Surplus of the Duties upon Glass, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 170 Georgii 3tU — 19,676 15

To the Arrears of the Tax upon all Male Servants, granted and brought to thi« Account pursuant to the said Act — — —

To Cash brought to this Fund from the Tax on Male and Female Servants, in full of JT. 12,750, to make good the Loss to this Fund by repealing

— 22,987 — -

24,142 — .

IO

2 17 4

the Tax on Male Servant?, by an Act 25° Georgii for the Quarter ended the 5th of July 1786 —

To D° brought to D° for Three Quarter* of a Year, due the 5th Day of Jpril 1787

til

£. d.

1,695 ——

— — 38,250 ——

To the additional Duties upon Tobacco and Sugars imported, granted and

----- A ----- ----- ---- — C. ----- ----- ----- ---- -tU °

39*945 ——

brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 210 Georgii 3

— 145,859 — 8

uImwIm

3By Cash applied in Part of the Sum of £. 89,899. is. 5\d. being the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1787, of the Duties granted by the Acts 240 and 250 Georgii 3Ui, in lieu of the Duties on Tea repealed thereby, to make good so much wanting to compleat the several proportional Sums charged on the said Duties, and directed to be carried to the following Funds: Which Deficiency is directed to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament;

To the Aggregate Fund, in lieu of a Moiety of the Inland Doty on Tea, granted Anno 1745 — — —

To the General Fund, in lieu of the other Moiety of Ditto — To the 5 and 15 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund granted for Payment of Annuities, established by an Act 190 Georgii j,il. Anno 1779 ——

To the 5 per Centum Excise, Part of the Fund granted for Payment of Annuities, established by an Act 22° Georgii 3lii, Anno

£. s. d.

41.687 — . 9

41.687 — 9

2>l7S — 3 2>'7$ — 3f

87*7*4 2 — £ 87,724

But the additional 5 per Centum Excise, granted by an Act 21° Georgii 3th, towards the Charge for Annuities established by that Act, being a Part of this Sinking Fund, the proportional Sum applicable thereto is therefore not charged hereupon, notwithstanding the same is to be made good with the above Duties — — —

" *,i7s — 4|

89*899 2 5*

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1787, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 110 Georgii 2di, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 180 Georgii 3111, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5 th Day of April 1787. of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 20° Georgii 3tU, which by a Clause in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in ' Parliament ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5 th Day of April 1787, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by an Act 230 Georgii 3tU, which by a Clanfe in the said Act is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be granted in Parliament ——

By Cash taken to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of Ja nuary 1787, of the Fund for Payment of Annuities, granted by the Acts 240 and 250 Georgii 3'*, which said Deficiency is to be replaced to this Fund out of the first Supplies to be grained in Parliament ——

" *».8i6 3 61 21,816 3 6i

~ 68,895 *6 8i 68,895 16 8J

>4S4i4 X3 lof 143»6H >3 i°S

*78,14410 — 178,14410 —

Total of Deficiencies to be made good

76.36® t — § 76,36a 8

" 578*73* 14 7§

NO

28 Geo. III. x'o* Decewbris.

g

eg

— h

n’

CD

Q_

CT

To th* additional Duty c f 5 />tr Centum on the Produce of the Dutw?8 of Excise, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other A Cl 216 Georgii 3*4 — — — . —

7’o the Surplus of the additional Stamp Duty on Almanacks, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 210 Georgii 3d1 —

To the additional Duty on Battens and Deals imported, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 3"* —

To the Stamp Duty upon Vellum, Parchment, and Paper in Scotland^ granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 3^ To the Stamp Duties upon Perfumery, Hair Powder, &'J. granted and brought to this Account pursuant to one other Act 26° Georgii 3*14 To One Sixth Part of the Duties on Low Wines and Spirits, granted by an Act 26° Georgii 3tU, brought to this Account pursuant to the said Act To the additional Duty on Sweets or Made Wines, granted and brought to this Account pursuant to an Act 26? Georgii 3th —

40,274 6 3I

1,059 -

21,461 12 5

409 — —

5»175 ——

37*331 ——

678 ——

To Monies granted out of the Supplies for the Services of the Year 1787, by an Act

27° Georgii 3d4, for the Purposes following; uix*.

O

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the $thDay of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities,granted by an Act madein the3ift Year of the Reign ofhislate Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1758 To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities granted by an Act made in the 18th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Servicp of the Year 1778 — — — _

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 4779 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 20th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1780 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 22d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1782 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good thct)eficiency, on the 10th Day of October 1786,of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the 23d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783 ——

To replace to this Fund the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of July 1786, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by Two Acts made in the 24th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Years 1784 and 1735 — — —

To replace to this Fund the Amount of the resprdlive Sums paid out of the fume, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1786, of the Duties granted by Two Acts of the 24th and 25th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea, to satisfy the several proportional Sums, directed by the said Acts to be applied to make good the Loss to sundry Funds, as also to make good to this Sinking Fund the Loss occiftoned by the Repeal of the said Duties —

£. s.

18,574 tol

127,796 19 3t 35>°39>3 Si 184,234 3

11,235 S 1,4

292,44^ *4

532,652 18 4r

233,41° 7l

*>8991846

By Calli taken towards the Reduction of the National Debt, pursuant to an Act 26*

By Calli taken in full of £. 2,600,000, granted towards the Supply of the Year 1786, pursuant to an Act 26° Georgii 3lii — — — — .

By Cash remaining in the Exchequer on the 5th Day of April 1787, for the Dispofi tien of Parliament ——

This being the 129th Half Yearly Accompt, made up pursuant to an Act 9® Georgii imi (Page 367) is humbly presented this 10th Day of December 1787, by me

George Rose,

500,000 — "

693,498 6 si |4

3.5*3.366 ,2

I,?.

S 3* '

*435 39* *5 4l

4,789*438 is 3i

0OI

1 o° Decembris*

Accounts presented.

Customs, Exr cife, Sic.

Customs of England.

Excise.

2,8 Geq. III.

Ordered, That the said Surplusses do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, respectively, for One Year, ended the ioth Day of 1787;

distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties oh which have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters preceding the Date hereof: And also. An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of the Customs of England; distinguishing, as far d$ possible, the Gross and Net Produce upon every fd-arate Article, the Duty of which, in Great Britain, as amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters preceding the ioth of 1787: Anid

also.

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise -, distinguish-

9%

ing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th of ORober 1787: And also.

An Account of the Net Produce of the several Stamp Duties paid into the Exchequer, from ioth 1786 to ORober ioth 1787: And also,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents, respectively; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch the Produce on every separate Article on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th ORober 1787: And also.

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of the Customs of Scotlandj distinguishing, as far as possible, the Gross and Net Produce of every separate Article, the Duty of which has amounted to 1,000, or upwards, in Great Britain, in the Four Quarters preceding the ioth ORober 1787.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read* The said Accounts are as followeth 2 .

An ACCOMPT of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents,.respectively, for One Year, ended the ioth Day of ORober 1787; distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch the Produce in every separate Article, the Duties on which have amounted to One thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters preceding the Date hereof}

The Total Produce of the Duties of Customs for One Year, ended the ioth Day of ORober 1787, as perAccompt, A. — — < — —

Ditto of the Duties of Excise for One Year, ended D* (exclusive of £. 613,2 Produce of the Annual Malt Duties) as per Accompt, B. — . —

Ditto of the Stamp Duties for One Year, ended D°, as per Accompt, C. —

Ditto of Incidents at the Receipt of the Exchequer, for One Year, ended D®, as per Accompt, D. ——

4>172>34I 7

6,156,797 1,168,236 id

1,892,879 11

dt

ui

9?

7

Total

I-

13*39°>i55 1 — i

Presented, pursuant to an Act Of the last Session of Parliament, this 10th Day of December 1787, by

George Rose.

Vol. XLIII.

B b

An

Stamp Duticf;

Incident*.

Customi of Scotland.

94

io° Decem.

1787.

A.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce of the Duties of the Customs of distinguishing, as

far as possible, the Gross and Net Produce upon every separate Article, the Duty of which in Great Britain has amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters preceding the 10th of October 1787.

eo,

3 <

Ashes, Pearl — — —

Pot — — —

Barilla — — —

Brimstone — — —

Bristles, undreft — —

Cork — — —

‘Cortex Peru — —

Ginfang — — —

Juniper Berries — —

Manna' — — ___

Quicksilver — — .

Saccarum Saturni — —

Senna — — — .

Succus Liquoritise — —

Elephants Teeth — —

Feathers for Beds — — —

Almonds, Sweet — - —

Coffee delivered out of the Warehouses Cocoa, the same as Coffee — Currants — — —

Figs — — ’ —

Ginger — — . —

Mace — — —

Nutmegs — —

Pimento — — —

Prunes — — —

Benia — —

Lipra

b

u

o

2

O

Gross Receipt of Duties on Importation.

Drawbacks paid, or payable, . on Exportation.

427 10 — — 427 10 —

427 12 3 — 427 12 3

21,009 5 — I 2 I 9 3 20,887 *5 9

10,988 — 5 596 16 1: 10,391 4 4

3, *77 6 8 105 8 8 3>°7* 18 —

3>OI2 *3 7 IC2 — 2 2,910 *3 5

7,oi7 7 3 1 774 11 8 6,242 *5 7

3,620 11 6 *479 10 9 2,141 — 9

2,849 8 2 9 14 3 2,839 *3 11

1,458 — 11 70 10 10 1,387 10 1

2,873 7 1 120 13 4 2,752 *3 9

3,801 9 8 1 14 7 3,799 *5 1

*,783 *3 — *3 11 1 1,670 1 11

5*69 2 7 5,469 2 7

3,*83 5 10 1*7*9 19 7 1,463 6 J

3,795 *7 4 8 12 11 3,787 4 5

8,402 16 7 2,461 2 6 5*94* *4 1

11,400 — — — 11,400 — —

*>375 — — — *,375 — —

69>593 10 1 1,622 *S 7 67,970 *4 6

3>833 *3 8 80 9 11 3,753 3 9

5*55 5 5 3,975 — 9 1,180 4 ft

Net Revenue subject to the Payment of

Bounties and Charge* of Management; also to the Payment of the Drawback* on EnjiIndia

Goods exported.

1,087

2,268

5,273

4,192

2

16

II

3

2

9

5

41

66

w < Malaga — —

[3 1 Smyrna — — —

Solis — _ —

Rice delivered out of the Warehouses — w Sugar, Brown — —

Hair, Human — —

Hats, Chip — — —

Hemp, Rough — —

Incle,-Wro* — — ___

Iron, Bar — — —

Lemons and Oranges — —

" Cambricks — —

Canvas Heffens — - —

Spruce — — —

Damask Sil* Tabling r —

Diaper Sil’ Napkening —

Germany, Narrow — —

Lawns, Sil’ HolP, whited — —

not HolP, whited —

Raffia, Broad, above 22| Inches —

above 311 —

above 36 — —

Drilling — _

Narrow — —

OiCOrdinary — — —

Sail ad — — —

T rain — — —

29,729 16 11 12,147 14 61 4,224 18 10,568 17 21,632 16 14,505 16 [1,039,019 12 1,572 17 5,380 I 63,992 4 3,266 15 130,3*3 2 9,182 7 12,035 *5 18,017 II 14,893 14 1,817 6

1,467 *

57,*74 *5 4,844 *3

1,646 16 — j 18,740 11 2,894 6

18,042 15 4,815 19

7,943 18,044 18 4,813 19 7,122 9

109 9

7,35° a 209 7

*,*38 15

367 *3 6 14 8

880 11 1

2,881 12 6

4]

11 61 9

— r *74,354 1210

11

IO]

2

I 8 1

41

7

101

II 11

5!

9 7 3

4|

3 — 1

1

2

581 8 7

1,569 8 7

148 8 8,582 15 -43 9 5

462 10 7 1,838 9 —

94 2 n

*5 3 12,144 *2

445 *3 _ 1,809 4 1,247 *9 *

4*5 *7 3 6,517 11 4

503 11 1

49* *3 6 2,487 *3 271 16 5

3*o 7 4

I, 021 2a* 59

3,982

28,591

II, 78o 4,218 9,688

*8,751

*4,505

864,664

*,572

4,798

62,422

3,118

7 7 *5 9

1 io 1 —

3 8 6 10

4 —

16 g

19 2

*7 11

*3 3 *5 7

6 11

121,730 7 8

9,038 18 2

*2,035 *5

*7,555 — 9

*3,055 5 7

*,723 3 11

*,35* 18 6

45,030 3 7

4,399 —

*7,492 11 10

2,478 9 4

*,525 3 11

4,3*2 8 3

7,45* 9 6

*5,557 4 2

4,542 2 8

6,812 I 10

The Bounty upon Refined Sugars being intended to operate as a Drawback upon the Raw Material, therefore forms a Part of the Drawback in the above Account.

I. itch

n <

Drest — —

Fitch and Tar Seeds, Clover Salt, White —

Silk, Raw — *

Thrown —

Wro* —

Bear, Black Calf, Tanned Deer, in Hair

Indian, |

Goat, Tanned — — —

Kid, in Hair ——

Martin _ — — —

Otter ——

Seal ——

Wolf — _; —

Smalts — — —

Spirits — Brandy — — — >

Rum ——

Tobacco delivered out of the Warehouses —

Thread, Sifters — — — ' —

Turpentine, Common — — —

Wax, Bees ——

French ——

Port ——

Rhenish — . — — —

Spanish ——

Battens ——

Deals, Ordinary — — —

Oak Plank — — —

Staves, Hhd. and Pipe ——

Timber, Fir ——

Rated East India Goods ——

Unrated D° — D* — — —

Tea ——

Sums paid by the Receiver General of the Counties to make up the Duties on Tea — —

15 and 18 per Cent. East India Goods — —

Subsidy on Goods exported — — —

Suspended Duties paid by the East India Company — Sundry small Articles, the Duties on each of which do not amount to £. 1,000 — —

Duties on Coals brought Coastwise — —

Total — — £.


S3 I

n.

H3

O

O

Gross Receipt of Duties on Importation. Drawbacks paid or payable, on Exportation Net Revenue subject to the Payment of Bounties and Charge! of Management; also to the Payment of the Drawbacks on East India. Goods exported.

7,190 19 f r 60 10 IO 7,136 8 2

1>7 S° — 7 21 2 — 1,728 18 7

716 12 7 985 7 7

40,028 9 — 11,398 17 8 28,629 11 4

H3»515 10 8 3,39i 19 7 MO,123 11 1

3>911 16 5 I,195 8 — Cs‘ oc

6 >597 5 — 5,764 10 — 832 15 ~

1,878 4 9 — 1,878 4 9

10,345 10 — 4,360 3 1 5,985 6 I!

1,082 9 9 , 1,112 5 10

5,59° 10 10 — 5,590 10 10

1.893 10 10 — 1,893 10 10

5>97° 11 10 5,9i2 2 6 58 9 .4

2,306 2. — - 2,103 18 9 202 3 3

3*332 8 6 12 7 6 3,320 1 —

5>°26. 4 3, J5C 11 6 1,874 12 6

' 8,609 12 1 i>33i 4 3 7,278 7 10

53.696 11 6 i,349 15 10 52,346 15 8

34.465 12 9 16,519 12 5 . 17,946 — 4

446,210 12 10 88,389 2 6 357,821 10 4

2,043 3 8 140 7 2 1,902 16 6

8.732 18 4 63 3 — 8,669 15 4

4.9l6 19 6 111 5 10 4,805 13 8

'53.426 — 11 6,072 4 5 47,353 16 6

306,251 10 3 15,329 I 1 290,922 9 2

5,298. >3 — 1,009 12 3 4,289 — 9

CO O CO 17 — 17,586 — 6 62,557 16 6

8,171 11 6 8 IO 5 8,163 1 1

103,667 17 1 64 I 10 103,603 15 4

3.976 16 4 — 3,976 16 4

4,026 17 6 668 15 2 3,358 2 4

41,989 18 7 3 — — 41,986 18 7

240,737 11 2 — 240,737 11 2

43,123 16 6 — 43,123 16 6

170,927 8 7 170,927 8 7

290,248 5 9 — 290,248 5 9

247,990 14 7 — 247,990 i4 7

139,392 14 4 139,392 14 4

522,500 8 1 522,500 8 1

37,096 19 2 1,929 14 S 35,256 l6 2

507,928 2 6 507,928 2 6

5,334,040 9 5 . 430,956 15 2 4,905,710 16 11

Custom House, London,

December 10, 1787, Thomas Irving

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Payments into the Exchequer, by the Receiver General of the Customs of England, for the Four Quarters preceding the 10 1787.

Amount of Net Payments of the Customs of England — — £.4,142,341 7

Amount of Net Payments of the Customs of Scotland — — 30,000 ——

Total Net Payments of the Customs of Great Britain

£-4>i7*>34i 7 Hi

An

B.

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

?T

An ACCOUNT of the Duties of Excise paid into the Exchequer in One Year, between the ioth 1786 and the 10th 1787, on the Part of j viz'.

O

a.

15 per Cent. Malt Per Qents. —

1760

1779

1780

1781 178a

Per Cent.Duties

Low Wines — — -

Spirits — —

Highland Distillery Licen. Lowjand Ditto —

Distillery Licences —

British Spirits

f*7 36 *743 1746 1751 1760 1762 1780

1736

*743

1746

*7 51

1760

17 62

L*78o

— f *736 LK

Imported Liquors — 1 1760

Foreign Spirits

Excise, Additional Excise, Consolidated

Malt

" " {

1760

1780

Malt, Perpetual —

First Quarter, ended 5th January 1787. Second Quarter, ended 5th April 1787. Third Quarter, ended 5th July 1787. Fourth Quarter, ended ioth October 1787. Total.

£. s. d. £. s. d. L* s‘ d. £. s. d. jr. s. d.

500 — 500

1,672 1,172 836

1,067 4 — 67 4 — 33 12 —

*.7 394 — i>239 4 ~ 869 12 —

*,239 4 " *>739 4 — 869 12 —

6,217 12 — 4>7J7 — 2,608 16 — — — i3»544

440 440 220

440 440 220 — —

220 220 — 110 — —

660 — 660 330

2,200 2,200 — 1,100

440 44O 220

440 440 220

904 9°4 452

904 904 452

452 452 226

»>356 1,356 678

4,5 20 4,520 2,260

9°4 904 452

9°4 904 452

2,000 — — 1,500 2,500

— — — 17,001 12

— — — — 4,000 —

16,784 16,284 26,893 12 — 4,000 — — 63,96 1 12 —

~Tl , - - 4,950 3,300

— — " i,35° 900 — —

— — — — 6,300 4,200 10,500 — —

1,000 — 500 — 1,500 — —

— ~ — 36,000 — — 36,000 — — -

4,000 2,500 1,000 — —

5,500 4,000 — — 1,500

9,500 6,500 2,500 18,500 —

VO

ON

r

00

lviait. Perpetual

9.5oo

O

Cl

Candles, Addition. — — 500 — —

Sope — — Add. — — Sope — — Cr* O 88 1 1 1 1

I 1 O O vn VO

„ told — Paper — - }AJd' _ _ Paper — 11 11 88 1 O vri r%

1,500

Printed Linens — — 1

Starch - - {- _ Starch — — 1,000 500

1,500

Glass — — — 1,500

Auctions — — 1,000 —

Bricks and Tiles — — - 1,000 —

Wines — . — — !

Spirit Licences — - cr\ 0 0 1 I

General Licences — - — > 500

Total — — 48,00112 —

Malt — Determined 1786 — ""1 Ditto — 1787 — Malt Annual — 5,500 —

5,500 —

1 ' 1 1

<3,500 — a,500 1 - - 18,500

1,000 — — 1,500 — — . 3,000 — -

2,000 3,500 2.000 — — 3.000

5,500 5,000 — — 17,000 — —

— - 1,500

6,000 — — 2,000 — — — — 8,000

800 — — 400 — — -

1,200 — — — — 2,700

1,000 — 1,000 — — — 3,500

5OO 1,000 — 1 i 2,500

1,000 500 — — — — 2,500

2,000 — 5,000 - — — 7,000 — —

500 500 — — 1,500 *

1,500 500 — — — — 2,500

47,701 12 — , 55,802 8 — 44,200 — 195,705 12 —

3,500 1,000 — — 4,000 — —

3,500 1,000 — — 4,000 — - — T4vOOOO — —

\ Grand Total — 209,705 12

u, .

VO

28 Geo. III.

EXCISE.-

g

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

c8

fT

-An ACCOUNT of the Total Net Produce (paid into the Exchequer) of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible the PmH„r*

Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to j. i,oooo, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the ioth of October 1787 ° separate

Under what Heada paid in.

j. 3,700 per Week — Hereditary & Tempor 99 Years 9^. —

Continued 9 —

Bank 9^. —

Additional 3*/. * — -

Additional 3 —

Table Be*r —

Cyder 1766 —

Beer, Cyder, Perry, and Verjuice, i VinegarandMead J

r *736

Imported J > 7^0 & 1766 Liquors j 1762

i 1780

Foreign Spirits

Wash

appropriated

as

Low Wines

Wash

appropriated

as

Spirits

Sweets <

173 7

1780

Impost J Sweets

f >7 36 1743 I 1746

*75* 1760 1762 1780 1736 1743 1746

175* 1760 1762 _ 1780 One-Sixth of Wash Duty

British Spirits —

First Quarter, from loth 0<3ober 1786 to 5th January 1787. Second Quarter, from 5th January 1787 to 5th April 1787. Third Quarter, from ;th April 1787 to 5th July 17 '87. Fourth Quarter, from 5th July 1787 to 10th October 1787. Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

From 5th April 1787 to 10th May 1787. Under what Heada paid in From ioth Maj 1787 to 5th July 1787. Total of the 1 hird Quarter.

£ 48,100 — — 28,874 2 if. 28.399 28.399 28.399 9,490 — — 86,302 6,038 *.379 — — «£ ' d- 48,100 87,976 12 41 45.63* 1 45.63° 45.,63* 15,183 < *54,55* " 5,224 r 534 £ s’ 18,500 — — 64,991 14 *T 25.845 7 *' 25.846 2 — { ' 25,845 7 i 8,613 5 86,935 — 2,513 12 7t *74 Beer — — Cyder, Perry, and 7 Verjuice — J Vinegar and Mead Foreign Spirits — j. s. d. 341,7 52 2 2t --844 *5 — *,337 j. d. £ d. 406,503 3,418 10,405 — — L' s d \ *,737»32S 1 — - 679,811 7 II

265,340 2‘ i£ 448,460 12 4I 259,264 9 4l 343,933 *7 2t 603,198 6 6} 420,326

‘ 95»o76 28,112 — . 4,117 8,176 57»638 r 17,266 2,924 *> t 5,853 r 9,254 14 4i 2,800 IQ IOi 480 . a 5 959 3 7 221,259 *° ® 234,754 7 1* 225,895

i35>4* 83,681 *3.494 *7 3

1,426 4,431 2,136 15 —

1,425 — — 4,43* r 2,137 4 2i

694 2,178 — — 1,053 *0 10

1,920 6,54* r 3,*58 *6 i*

6,659 21,992 10,605 18 3

*>353 4,394 2,122 3 41

*.379 4,409 2,121 6 41

2>35* — 7,875 3,8oi 3 71

2,352 — — 7,874 3,801 7 2

*»i48 3,923 r-: — 1,895 5 6i

3.455 — — - *,777 — ~ 5,685 19 51

11,646 — — 39,33* 18,978 17 nf

2,336 7,866 3,797 *6 34- _

2,382 7,892 3,797 9 9i

5.949 31,382 13,051 6 — 4.

46,475 166,296 — — 78,145 4. British Spirits — 92,920 2 iol 171,065 2 11J 64,682 — — 448,518 2 II

817 917 *,733 10 ai

408 — — 458 866 3 2i

*37 541 — tm — 998 11 10

1,362 — — 1,916 — . — 3,598 5 3 Sweets — 1,4*3 2 — 5,o* 7 3 3,034 11,323 7 3

Vo

00

s

3*

s?*

00

o

cq'

r — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

n

o

Ma,t {;& z Malt, Perpetual 6^,634 — — 7X»394 8,491 — — 29,907 12 it 1,911 3 5* Malt Perpetual —

140,028 8,492 32,818 15 64-

Hops — — 1,263 . 797 424 Hops — —

r i7*1 — Candles <1715 — (.1784 — Candles — — iS»545 7 ~ 15,481 16,804 — — 33,764 18 14. 33,702 35,016 13.828 3 7 13.828 I IO{ 14,675 6 — Candles — —

47.830 7 102,482 18 14- 42,331 11 6{-

Sope, Paper, 7 Old -& CallicoesJ Add1 Eope, 17S2 — — Wire and tft Starch 59,016 8 2$ 4°>943 — — 24,030 6,866 8 94-6,578 3,923 1,006 — — 60,938 18 6 42,705 22,482 — — 4.714 13 6 A Off - 23,049 11 104. 16,30 6 15 7 9,640 10 ii 1,245 1 3* 1,866 16 «J 995 2{ 578 15 Sope — — Paper — — Starch —

Paper, 1784 — — Linens & Stuffs, 178$ Sope, Paper, Starch, 7 PrintedGoods, and 5 Wire — — J 3,676 — 873 Printed Goods — Wire — —

142,362 17 — 139.744 12 — 54,682 13 1*

Spirit Licences, Old 7 Duty — —,) Ditto Fines — — Spirit Licen. new, c 21.775 "omm4 5 July 1787. 18,221 2 9 1,023 7,354 7 iot 221 Spirit Lie* Old -Ditto new, comm4 7 5 7*b 1787 -0:

Spirit Licences,7 Old Duty 3 21.775 19,244 2 9 7,356 9 ni

Coaches — — — ' — — . — — Coaches (Arrear)

Glais — — . 20,667 — — 24.947 10,589 Glass — —

Plate Licences — 1 i.93° 1,145 — 542 — — Plate Licences —

Hides, See. \ '711 71712 - Hides and Skins, 1 Vellum and Parch') 30,535 . .18,275 39,202 23,210 — — 14,370 4 7v 8,496 16 lit

48,810 — — 62,412. 22,867 1 6j Hides and Skinsr 7 Vellum & Parch')

Coffee Arrears — 79 2 5$ — — 2108 Coffee Arrears —

a 1 S>oi t 7 3 1 3,034 I *3*3 7

82,472 115,290 15 64- 417,003 680,813 15 6

6oji8o 60,604 — — I5»302 77.966

35,912 ,3 10 78,243 15 44. 42,953 271,510 — 6 558,097 7 — 75.236 2 8} 10,545 — " 2,003 5 — 99,980 — 6 6,652 14 6f 216,132 13 4 81 13 1£

34,788 2 9 8,136 — 9,289 2 T 5,114 — 14. 1 11111 Mill 71,815 21,495 22,594 47,412 664

57.3^7 4 I. 112,009 *8 — i 163,980

10,345 10 — 17,701 19 11} 16,515 10,545

2.003 5 — 2,003 5 ~

13.360 — 6 23.949 — - 6 ' 30,417

768 14 6| 1,310 14 6i 2,267

19,786 11 9i 42»653 13 4 ON K> 3 1 1

— — 210 8_ — —

r

T

vo

VO

28 Geo. I

Under what Heads paid in First Quarter, from 10th Qdober 1786 to 5 th January 1787. Second Quarter, from 5th January 1 787 to 5th April 1787. Third Quarter, from 5th April 1787 to 5th July 1787. Fouuh Quarter, From 5th July 1787 to IO.fi October 1 87. Total Net Produce of the Four Quarters.

From 5th April 1787 to loth May 1787. Under what Heads paid in From 10th 1787 to 5th July 1787. Total of the Third Quarter.

Cocoa Nuts and 7 Coffee — — i jr. s. d. t- 1. s. Cocoa Nuts and 7 Coffee — — j £. S. d. 2,595 2 8 1. s. d. 2,595 2 8 £ s. d. 6,946 C' Si 9.54* 2 8 3*286 10 3.4. 426,336 14 3 10,648 17 — #,127 17 — 199,526 13 ioi 48,192 18 6 127 10,000 — — 2,146 1 6 100 40,328 6 64-239,732 19 74

Tea Arrears — — 3,286-10 3i- — — Tea Arrears - — —

Tea, 1785 — — 113,266 18 3 V 86*8^6 1 9t — — Tea, 1785 — — 188,925 i5 2 188,925 15 2 37,248

Coffee, &c. Licences 3,4,9 1,781 — — '7*5 Coffee,&c.Licences 900 17 1,615 17 — 3,833

Bricks and Tiles — 43*830 10,363 — 166 — — Bricks and Tiles - 1,274 17 — 1,440 17 —; 39*494

*779 " 1780 — Per Cents.J 1781 — 1782 — .1784 — Per Cents. — 26,4-10 I 41 7*730. — — *’,596 1 Si-17,298 1 :4 706 — — 19^54 *6 54- 2,101 19,69 9 16 7 19,631 16 54. 662 — 10,078 — — 3*636. — — 6,202 — — 6,113 260 — — Per Cents. < f*779 1780 1781 1782 1784 16,091 5*793 7,786 7,827 360 26,169 — — 9*429 *3,988 *3*940 620 — — 973 1,505 1,213

69>740 4 4l 61,949 9 6 26,289 — — Per Cents. — 37*857 64,146 — — 3,691

Auctions and Auc-7 tioneers — — J *»*955 9*532 4,561 Auctions — — Auctioneers Licences - 9,108 18 6 13,669 18 6 *3*036 — — 127 — —

Male Servants Arrears — — — Male Servants Arr* 10,000 — " 10,000 — ’ —

Coach Makers Duty 7 and Licences — J 528 358 114 Coach Makers Duty. -Ditto Licences — 280 i 6 \ 394 6- 866 100 — —

General Licences — 28,269 — 6,014 — — 1,019 General Licences - 918 6 61- *,937 6 64- 4*08

(-1745 — \1763 — Wine ^‘778 — j *779 ~ /1780 — >1782 — Wine _ 14.379 *4*379 *5»°97 — — 2.920 — *4*379 2.920 11.192 11.192 *.752 2.267 — — 11.192 2.267 — — 2,3*4 7 3 2,314 7 3 2,429 19 *o| 468 1 x si. 2,3*4 7 3 468 17 51 Wine — — 35*953 3 2 46,263 19 7i 79*533

64,074 49,862 10,310 16 si

Total of England — Ditto of Scotlan7 from ill Page — 3 Tottf of both — 9 1,211,772 1 64. , 48,001 12 — *.286,373 15 6\ 47,701 12 — 569,291 10 9! 55,802 8 — — — 1,229,496 4 *°i *798*787 *5 84-55,802 8 — 1,664,158 — — 44,200 — — 5,961,091 12 91 *95,705 12 —

*259*773 *3 64, *334.075 7 6i 625,093 18 9} \ 1,229,496 4 ioi 1*854*590 3 84- *708,358 < 5,156,797 4 9*

1

ico io 0 Decembris.A. 1787.

Vol. XLIII,

[ Ditto — 1786 England — — Scotland, from ift 7 Page — —,) Total Malt Ann. &c. Grand Total of 7 England & Scotland,) . 108 — — 124,658 124,766 — — 5,500 Annual MALT, MUM, CYDER, and PE R R Y. 321,118 — — 4,000 — — 599,246 14,000

— determ* 17 5.210 commd 178( 5.210 — . 3>S°o 86 1,299 "" — 29.575 30,874 1,000 — — r Annual Malt,) < Mum, Cyder, £ I and Perry — J 117,278 148,152 . 1,000 — —

130,266 — — 8,710 3'>87-4 — — — — 117,278 149^52 325,118 — — 613,246 —

i,39°>°39 *3 i>342>785 7 6j ,656,967 18 91 i>346j774 4 ioi 2,003,742 3 u 2,033,476 6,770,043 4 91

EXCISE.

£ d-

Perpetual Duties — $,961,091 12.

Annual Malt, &c. — 599,246 — —

England — — — 6,560,337 12 9}

Perpetual Duties — 195,705 12 — -

Annual Malt, &c. — 14,000 — —

q Scotland — — 209,705 22 —

Total — 6,770,043 4 91.

K. B. Before the nth May last: (when Consolidation took Place) the Net Produce of Rates on several Articles, taxed at the same Time, made One Subsidy, and was paid into the Exchequer accordingly in the Aggregate; therefore no Account can be rendered of the Net Produce into the Exchequer of many Articles separately before the 1 ith-May.

Excise Office, London, 7

Deuinhr 3d, 1787. y Ja' HTebb, Accomp’Gen'.-

O

*0*

3*

9

a3 Geo. III. xo° Decembris.

lo6 Decemb

A. 1787.

c.

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the several Stamp Duties paid into the Exchequer from

10th 1786 to October 10th 1787.

Consolidated Duties — 1 *».

Insurance Duty, 1782 —

Births, &c. 1783 — *

Bills of Exchange, &c. 1783 —

Receipts, 1783 — —

Duty on Hats, 1784 — - —

Gold and Silver Plate,'1784 —

Horse Dealers Licences, and Race Horse Duty, Poll Horse Duty, &c. 1785 —

Medicine Duty, 1785 —

Game Duty, 1785 — . —

Attornies Licences, &c. 1785 —

Pawnbrokers Licences, &c. 1785 —

Glove Licences, &c. 1785^ —

Perfumery Duty, 1786 — —

Duty on Apprentice Indentures —

1784 —

s. L

h — 613,006 12 8

— 96,250 18 t

— 4.667 *5 7

— — 81,798 14 4

— 4G932 8 2

— 27,126 9 11

— — 23.194 16 3

— — 5.010 9 10

— — 153.556 12 9

*. i H.733 7 2

— 45>777 16 3

— — 26,826 18 — *

— — - 4,086 7 10

— — i3>i78 12 3

— 13,028 1 11

— — 7,060 if 2

£ 1,168,236 16 7

J. Lloyd, pro Compt\

D.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled*

An ACCOUNT of the Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents, respectivelyj distifl* guishing, as far as possible, in each Branch the Produce on every separate Article on which ilialI have amounted to One thousand Pounds, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 10th October 1787.

— 12, CCO

_ _ J r 156,000 -

- 3 1 1* IIt

4 Ur > 376,980 j,

J I 5>5S3 1

— 8,676 6

— 1 93,000 —

— j 1,400 — '

— I 2>43J 1

-} I 2S,s88 15

10I 7 1

uil [ 3.143 1 i

— 1 46,400 — -

— 1 27,695 2

— I 100,963 6

— 1 34,512 7 2

~ 1 133,032 13 2

— 1 31,479 9 10

— 1 114,2/9 12 8,

— 1 18,885 4 2

— 1 10,585 zr 4'

— j 56,331 6 6/-

— 1 404,736 zi 7-'

— 1 136,199 18 4*.

9,903 14 JO-'-.

/ 1 7 1 >10,151 12 ci

-} 2,595 2 54‘

Compositions by the Bank for Stamps i-

700 per Week Letter Money — -

2,300 per Week Letter Money —

Consolidated Letter Money, £. 3,000 per Week Duty on Salt A0 1759 — —

Salt — 1780 — —

Salt — 1782 — —

Salt — 1785 — —

Consolidated Salt A0 1787 —

Seizures since 25th OttT 1760 —

Fines of Leases D° — - —

Letter Money D" —

Fines and Forfeitures D° — —

Alienation Duty — — »

Hackney Coaches A® 17 n —

D° — 1785 — —

Hawkers and Pedlars A* 1710 —

— 11,300

— 63,000

— , I49>M

— 38>96i

— 40,580

— 6,000

— 1j

D° —

1785

id.per Lib. on Pensions

1 s. D* —

Male Servants A* 1785 Female Servants — 1785 4 Wheel Carriages A® 1785 2Wheel D° — 1785

Horses _ A" 1785

Waggons A*. 1785 —

Carts A* 1785

Shops A° 1785 — *

Houses and Windows 1766 HousesA°1778 —

Tenths of the Clergy

amount to the Sum of

d.

4

4

12,719

13,269

1,604

M38

7

l3

4

4

10 .

U

1,8/2,746 14 Hi Money

iS Geo. III.

io° Decembris.

103

Money paid for Conscience Sake — — >. —

Imprell Money repaid by WmMerry, on Account of aTransport take* on the Way to Gibraltar — — —

D® — by Lord Viscount Howe,late One of the Commissioners in America ——

D® — Richard Rigby, Esquire, late Paymaster of the Forces — Iinpreft Money by Peter Woulfe, Esquire, late Governor of the Military Hospital at Guadaloupe — — —

Money paid by Mathew Forjler, late Commissary General in the Leeward Islands ——

Imprest Money repaid by David Barclay, Esquire, on Account of

Tomlinjon, JIanbury, Ccleb and , — —

D® — by Lieut. General Will"1 Fayler. Brigadier General in East Florida ——

D® — by Colonel Mathew Dixon — — —

D" — by TFmTwijs, Inspector of the Works in Canada —

D® — by John llatfe/l, Clerk of the House of Commons —

D® — by Kinder Majon, Esquire, late Contractor for the King’s Troops in East Florida ——

D° — by A ndrew Darnford — — —

D° — by John Smithy Esquire — , — —

D° — * by Sir John DaUin*, Baronet, Governor of Jamaica —

D° — by John Lane, Esquire — — —

D° — by FJiz!b Campbell, Executrix of John Campbell, late Agent

for Georgia ——

Money paid by Thomas Rum/ey , Executor of John Richardson, late Agent for Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital — —

D® — by James Fitter and Dejpard Croajdaile, on Account of vacant

Commissions and Non-Effective Men in the Surrey Militia-D® — by Joseph Peart, Esquire, for vacant Commissions and Non-

Efiective Men in the Nottingham Militia — — r

Exchequer, the 8th Day of December 1787.

383 13 3

58 a 4

819- 5*

55,000 -

9 5 1

355 9

4A73 19 8

"124 10 6

366 7 ii|

3»73S 9 5

190 10 2

5.000 — — 638 17 —

9 19 4l G359 12 2} 24 18 9

3.255 -

1,828 1 4

1.000 — —

1,800 ——

80,132 16 9

1,892,879 11 8i

Ex'* N.

An ACCOUNT of the Total Produce of the Duties of the Customs of Scotland-, distinguishing, as far as possible, the Gross and Net Produce of every separate Article, the Duty of which has amounted to One thousand Pounds, or upwards, in Great Britain, in the Four Quarters preceding the 10th of 1787.

SPECIES OF GOODS. Gross Receipt of Duties on Importation* Drawback paid or payable on Exportation* Net Revenue, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and to the Charges of Management.

Allies, Pearl — - 1.599 17 8 1,599 17 8

Pot — — — — 1,185 8 I "I — — 1,185 8 — i

Barrilla — — — — 533 7 7i — — 533 7 7

Brimitone — — — — 1,886 9 — — — 1,886 9 —

Bnftles, undrell - 157 5 4 — — 157 5 4

Cork - 347 5 4f — — 347 5 4*

’Cortex Peru . — — . — 9 12 3 m*m/ — 9 12 3

Juniper Berries — — — 207 17 Si — — 207 17

%n tn Manna — — - — *5 12 6 — — 15 12 6

Saccarum Saturni — — — 617 I 61 — — 617 1 61

Q Senna — . — 14 7 8 — — 14 7 8

Succus LiquoriticC — — — 678 to 5 — — 678 10 5

Feathers for Beds — < — 98 11 3* MM 9s 11 3\

Grocery,

io° Dscembris

A. 1787*

104

SPECtES OF GOODS.

O

o

o

o

Almonds, Sweet — —

Coffee — — —

Currants — — —

Figs — — —

Ginger — — —

Pimento — - — — .

Prunes — — —

" Denia — —

Lipra — —

Smyrna — — *

Solis — —

Rice — —

Sugar, Brown — < —

Hemp, Rough — —

Incle, Wrought — —

Iron, Bar — —

Lemons and Oranges —

Cambricks — —

Canvas Heffens — —

Germany, Narrow — —

£ Russia, Broad, above —

D" 36 ~

Drilling — —

Narrow — —

Oil, Ordinary — —

----- Sallad — — —

Pitch and Tar ——

Salt, White — — —

Seeds, Clover — — -

Silk, Raw — —

Bear, Black — —

Calf, Tanned — —

Deer, in the Hair — —

Indian, Half-dressed — —

Martin — — —

Otter — — —

Canvas, Spruce — —

Skins, Seal — —

Smalts — — —

Spirits. Brandy — —

----- Rum — —

Tobacco, viz. for Home Consump* ~ Turpentine, Common — —

Wax, Bees ——

Wine, French ——

-Portugal — — —

----- Rhenish — — —

----- Spanish — — —

'Deals, Ordinary — — —

Battens ——

§ { Oak Plank — — -

Staves, Hogshead and Pipe — —

Timber, Fir — — —

Amount of Duties on sundry Goods imported, no one Article of which has produced a Thousand Pounds ——

Amount of Duty on Coals exported — —

Amount of Duty on Subsidy Goods, or other Goods exported, of which no one Article amounts to a' Thousand Pounds — — —

Amount of Duty on Coals carried Coastwise —

Amount of Duty on Wine sent to London —

Gross Total —

a

to

1 Gross Receipt of Duties oi\ Importation. Drawbacks paid or pa> able on Exportation. Net Revenue, subject to the Payment of Bounties, and to the Charges of Management.

— 183 4 I Z 39 17 7 143 6 51

— 338 10 r- 1 / 1 10 18 9 327 n i°i

— 381 18 It — — 381 18 IX

— 82 4 9 i 9 16 9 ! 72 8 — I

— 36 13 1 4 — — 1 36 13 — r

— 10 10 2| 4 17 4 ! J 12 IO'

— 104 W 8 i — — 104 17 8 £

— 320 16 11 — — 320 16 1

— 174 *9 11 — — 174 19 IX

— 6 11 3 — — 6 11 .3

— 679 1 5^ 11 4 6 26 9 8

— 519 — S' 2 1 210 18 4

— 48,663 18 5* 19,670 15 11 28,993 2

— i 5>°3l 18 71 IO *3 4 5,021 5 3 V

— 1 9 4 — — 1 9 4

— 11,788 11 Hi 391 *5 5 11,396 16 6?

— 213 l9 — 21319 8'

— 20 — — — — 20 — —

— 52 — n JO 19 6 21 I 11

— 1,748 14 1 i>2q8 7 6 540 6 7

— 316 10 1 4 102 — 6 214 9 6 i-

— 8 33 *3 41 — — " 833 »3 4i

— 82 W 21 54 l5 9 28 1 51-

— H 2 2i 5 4 4 8 17 10 J-

— 280 19 9 — — 280 19 9

— 42 4 i 4 — — 42 4 — *

— 974 16 io* 4 9 4 970 7

— 373 16 i 4 l9 *9 3 353 16

— 323 4 I — — 323 4 1

— 36 14 9 — — 36 14 9

— 1 16 8: — — z 16 8

— 73 3 — — 73 3 —

— 17 6 6 — — 1760

— 496 4 7 71 16 10 424 7 9

1 — 7 10' — — — 7 I0£

— 25 12 6 — — 25 12 6

— 22 8 7 — — 22 8 7

— 537 - 4-1 45 — 3 492 — if

71 10 —

260 4 8,

75- 18 9

3,502 18 42,606 ij 6i

388 -128 16 6 6,047 9}

16,732 5 3f

69 10 — 8,042 l6 2] 7,319 5 2,005 15 6f 942 6 8'

657 15 9 6,9 j 6 2 2

58,446 17 4’ 6,685 5 IO*

906 4 6 8,276 5 6i 121 5 9}

71 10 —

260 4

75° 6

42,606 13

379 19 128 16 5,902 18

14,657 1

69 to —

7,280 18 9!

7,319 S si

2,005 *5 942 6 8f 654 14 6,933 '56

38,446 17 41

6,685 5 l°l

906 4 6 8,276 5 6} 121 5 9/

233,063 16 8i

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of G Britain.

204,521

Report of Re*

plication to Mr. Hattings's Answer having been delivered to the Lords.

Committee on Swansea Paving Petition revived.

Quest. Neg. for bringing up a Petition from several Electors of Queenborough.

Petition from Owners of Coal Ships at Newcattle a gain It the Petition for regulating tht Coal Trade at Newcastle and Sunderland.

28 Geo. in to* Decembris.

*95

An ACCOUNT of the Net Payments into the Exchequer, remitted by the Receiver General of the Customs in Scotland, to the Receiver General of the Customs in ,in the Four Quarters preceding

the 10th October 1787.

Amount of Net Payments — — — £. 30,000.

Custom House,

10th December 1787.

Thomas Irving,

Inspector General of the Imports and Exports of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Burke reported, That he had, according to Order, at the Bar of the House of Lords, delivered to their Lordships the Replication of the Commons to the Answer of Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Articles of Impeachment for High Crimes and Mifde-meanors exhibited by the Commons against the said Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, was referred, be revived. *

A Petition from several Electors of the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, complaining of Abuses in Elections for that Borough, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up 5

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth. 1

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

' Mr. Alderman ") bridge.

The Lord Maitland: f Mr,

Taylor,

The Marquis of Graham:

So it passed in the Negative.

Michael

o

3*-

95-

A Petition of the Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade, in the'Port of Newcaft upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Petition has been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill to repeal an Aift, passed in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the loading " of Ships with Coals, in the Ports of and

" Sunderland ,"and for the better Regulation of the

loading of Ships with Coals in the said Ports; and that it appears to the Petitioners, that out of One hundred and Thirty-four Persons, who have subscribed their Names to the said Petition, there are only Forty-three Managing Owners of Ships in the Port of Newcastle, all the other Persons, whose Names appear thereto, being only Part Owners of Ships be-Vol. XLIII.

longing to the same Port; and that the Petitioners were lately consulted upon the Heads of the said in? tended Bill, and at a large and numerous Meeting of the Coal Owners, Fitters, and Ship Owners, concerned in the Coal Trade of the Port of upon Tyne, it was unanimously agreed by Two hundred and Forty-one Ship Owners, that such Bill would be inefficient to relieve them from the Grievances* Abuses, and Evils, that now exist in the loading Ships with Coals in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne; and the Petitioners are of Opinion, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be highly prejudicial, not only to the Interests of the Petitioners, and to the Shipping of the Port of Newcastle, but also to all Ship Owners in other Ports and Places, whose Ships may occasionally be employed in the Coal Trade from th? River Tyne: And therefore praying. That they may b? heard at the Bar of the House, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Commitr tee to whom the Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, is referred.

A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the River Tyne, residing at or near Scarbrough, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That on the 12& Day of February 1729 several Petitions were presented to the House from certain Owners and Masters of Ships employed in the Coal Trade, residing at Newcastle, North Shields, South Shields, Whitby, and Scarbrough, dating, " That the Petitioners were of greatly fallen to Decay, by the many Difficulties " they had lain under for many Years, and, unless " they were relieved by Parliament, would inevitably u be reduced, and that Branch of the Navigation, which had always been esteemed the best Nursery " for Seamen, be exposed to certain Ruin, and " the Petitioners conceived, that many of their " Difficulties had arisen, and were occasioned by the Corporation of Lightermen in London; and praying, that the Coal Trade might be laid open, and such other Encouragement given thereto, as the " House should think proper and that, on the 13th Day of February 1766, Petitions were presented to the House from certain Owners or Masters of Ships belonging to the Ports of Whitby and Scarbrough, E e on

Petition* from Owndia of Coal Ships at Scarbrough, Newcastle, fcc. &c. lor regulating tht Coal Trule at Newc.iftle and Sunderland.

kjy

lo6

io* Decemlris:

on Behalf of themselves and many others, stating, of preventing the Evils and Disadvantages above That the Petitioners and others were very largely <c complained of, and be of great public Utility; and concerned in Shipping employed chiefly in the Coal therefore prayed the House to take the Premises Trade at Newcastle, Shields, and Sunderland', which " into Consideration, and to grant such Relief there-

" Business the Petitioners presumed had, by long Ex- " in as to the House should leem meet and that, V perience, been found of the greatest Advantage to in Consequence of the first-mentioned Petitions, an this Nation, by raising and employing great Num- Act was passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his bers of Seamen, who, upon all Emergencies, had late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better Rebeen incorporated into the Royal Navy, and other- gulation of the Coal Trade," and, in Consequence " wife employed to the Safety and Honour of this of the Second Petitioris, an Act was passed in the Sixth ,c Kingdom and its Colonies, and by otherwise cm- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ploying many Thousands of industrious Poor* and " An Act for regulating the Loading of Ships with " that the Petitioners apprehended it very essential Coals in the Ports of and Sunderland

to the Interest of the Manufacturers and Poor of and that the Provisions made by the said Two Acts this Country, to be supplied with Fuel on easy have been found inadequate to remedy the inconve-n Terms, and that all Proceedings tending to a Mo- niencies and Evils existing in the Coal Trade, and in ct nopoly mull, of course, be very prejudicial j and the loading of Ships with Coals in the said River u representing to the House, that, of late Years, the by Turn, and in Rotation, as therein mentioned, and, Persons employed as Fitters in the Coal Trade at the Petitioners conceive, unless some further and bet- the Ports or Newctjlle and Sunderland, had become ter Regulations are adopted in the Method of afeer-u Owners of Ships, to a very great Extent, and, in order raining the Turn or Rotation in which Ships are to be to engross and keep the Trade in their own Hands, loaden with Coals, and for removing many Impofi-ff had made it aPraftice to refuse a Loading of Coals, tiens and Frauds existing in the said Trade, the Ship-,c unless it was an inferior Sort, to the Petitioners, ping in that Trade must greatly decrease, and con-* except taken upon Freight at a considerable Under sequently that grand Nurl’cry for Seamen be much Value, and, at other Times, obliged them to wait impaired: And therefore praying the House to take with their Ships Eight or Ten Weeks for a Load- the Matter into Consideration, and grant the Peti-u ing, at the same Time loading such Ships as they tioners such Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

themselves were most interested in immediately on Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " their Arrival, by which Means such Ships frequent- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- ly made Two or Three Voyages to London before mine the Matter thereof 5 and report the fame, as it the Petitioners could get one Loading to fail with, lb all appear to them, to the House:

whereby great Numbers of the Petitioners Ships, And it is referred to the Lord Mu!grave, Mr.

" which used to make Eight or Ten Voyages in the her force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships " Other Places, because the Petitioners were obliged and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the Ri-* to keep up the Price of their Coals, in order to ver Tyne, residing at or near Newcastle, North and

South Shields: And also,

A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the River Tyne, residing at And ailo,

A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the ver Tyne, residing at or near Whitby,

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

u Summer Season, could not then make above Five or Six in the Year, to the great Loss of the Peti- tioners in their Fortunes, and to the great Preju-€t dice of the Consumers of Coals in London, and

" make themselves some Amends for their extraordi * nary Expences and Loss of Time, by which Means * of Monopolizing, the Fitters, whose Ships made so many more Voyages in a Year than the Petition- ers, of course had immense Profits from their Coals, and were getting Fortunes upon the Wreck of the Petitioners, at the Expence of the Public, and would, in a Short Time, become Matters of u the whole Coal Trade, and have it in their Power to prescribe such Rules, and set such Prices, as ,c they should think proper, for further aggrandising " their own Fortunes, and that, on account of the " great Check ’the Petitioners had met with in their " Trade, they were greatly discouraged from, and " found themselves incapable of, taking Apprentices,

which the Petitioners represented would, if not " timely prevented, have very dreadful and fatal Ef- fefts upon the Trade and Navigation of these King- doms, by destroying that great Nursery for Seamen;

and that, by an Act, made in the 6th and 7th

containing the same Allegations, and,

as the Jaft preceding Petiti

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Jail preceding Petition is referred: And they are to examine the Matters of these Petitions; and report the fame, as they shall appear to them, to the House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Answer cf Powers to

« Years of the Veign of King William, Provision was Esquire, to the Articles of Impeachment which have made for regulating the Weight of every Chaldron been exhibited against him, and to report their Opi- contuier of of Coals, but, there being no Power to punish Per- nion what is most proper to be done towards the fur-« fons not complying with the Directions of the said ther Proceedings thereon, and who were impowered Act, the same had proved ineffectual, to the fur- to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, that shall ther great Prejudice of the Consumers of Coals j be thought necefla to be used upon the Trial of the and the Petitioners apprehended, that, if the Per- said Warren Hajlings, Esquire, and to proceed in the fons employed as Fitters at Newcastle and Sunderland, most speedy and secret Way they can, for the Advan-* and the adjacent Ports, were obliged as formerly to tage of the Prosecution, have Power to adjourn, from " keep public Lifts in their Offices of such Ships Time to Time, and from PJace to Place, as they shall as applied for a Loading, and likewise were ob- think fit.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

1 Mr.

liged to load all Ships as they were entered in their Course, and also, if proper Power was given for

ascertaining the Weight of every Chaldron of Coals <( at the Ports aforesaid, it would be a great Means

by

Newfoundland T radc Bill prefen ted.

V*.

v\

D*.

Ctrl ton House.

io° Decembris.

107

Time, were* upon the Question fevtrally put thcte-upon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects iii the Island of Newfoundland to Bread, Flour,

Indian Com, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-bu\\t Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing General for recruiting the said Corps out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Domi- this House; nions, and furnished with a Licence: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put} That His Majesty’s Warrant addressed to the Master General of the Ordnance, for raising a Corps of Military Artificers, and the Instructions of the Master

be laid before

Motion for His Majesty s Warrant for fnifing: a Corpi of Military Ar timers, Neg.

The House divided. The Yeas went forth*

KcpohSupply.

Expences Incurred by the late Armament.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whomdt was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed‘him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read 5 and are as followeth 1 viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-five thousand Four hundred and Seven Pounds Five Shillings and Eleven Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Expences incurred by the Augmentation and Equipment of His Majesty’s Naval Forces, since the 18th Day of Septembet 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion or this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charges incurred by the late Armament, so far as the iame can be at present made up at the War Office.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eighteen thousand Three

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

f Mr. Courtenays I Mr. Windham; f Mr. Roje,

I Colonel Phipps:

1

1

45.

204.

Prince of

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds apd Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, that their Lordships have appointed -

day, the 13th Day of February next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, for the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, for the High Crimes and Mifde-meanors whereof he stands impeached at the Bar of the House of Lords; and that their Lordships will order Conveniencies to be prepared there, for the Managers of the said Impeachment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

That the Estimate of the Charge of Guards, hundred Pounds and Eight Pence, be granted to His Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in Majesty, for defraying the Expence incurred by the Great Britain, Guernsey, and Jersey, from 25th December Office of His Majesty’s Ordnance on Account of the 1787 to 24th December 1788, both inclusive, being 366 late Armament. Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of His That a Sum,.not exceeding Fifty-eight thousand One Majesty’s Forces in the Plantations, including those hundred and Sixty-six Pounds, be granted to His in Garrison at Gibraltar, from 25th December 1787 to Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been 24th December 1788, both inclusive, beifg 366 Days, issued from His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues for be referred to the said Committee.

His Majesty’s Service Abroad, since the 5th Day of January 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Order, in pursuance of the Address of this House, for carrying on and completing the Works at Carlton House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Day appointed for Mr. Haf-tinga's TiiaU

Committee of Supply.

Army and OidnanceLfti-mates jeterred.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Nine Regiments of Foot, for Service in East India, for the Year 1788, being 366 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the

Waie»*«i>ebt«. That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Pounds, Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s

E\

at 1

Address

Money.

be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Order, in pursuance of the Address of this House, for the Purpose of discharging the Debts of His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Sum, not exceeding One hundred and One thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, in full of the Sum of One hundred and Sixty-one thousand Pounds, which this House, by an Address to His Majesty in the last Session of Parliament, desired might be issued for the Purpose of discharging the Debts of H is Royal Highness the Prince of Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventeen thousand Four hundred and Ninety-six Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued, by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of the Addresses of this House.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

Land Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Mullers; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army; of the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Difference between the Charge of the British and Establishment of Seven Regiments and Four Companies of Foot, serving in North AmeriThe West Indies, and The Isle of Man, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1787 to 24th December 1788, both inclusive, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for the Year 1788 — Land Service, be referred to the said Committee.

Then

Account of EftVftive Land Forces in the West Indies ordered.

Rrpon Writ.

Lifts of Penfi-n» presented#

Ways and Mesas dc-fcneU.t

lo8

io° — -I i° D.

A. 1787.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mf. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Martis, 110 d Decembris

Anno a.80

Georgii

Iir" Regis, 1787.

Travers.

H E House being informed that Mr.

T

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Effective Men of His Majesty’s Land

Morton,

from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Lift of all Offices, Places, and Employments, in the Civil and Military Establishments of the United East India Company, in ‘The East Indies, with the Salaries, or Pay, and Emoluments belonging thereto, or allowed or paid by the said Company in respect thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Lift was read.

That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, Forces in The West India Islands, respectively, accord* to be perused by the Members of the House. ing to the last Returns. The said Lift is preserved amongst the other Papers

of this Sdlion.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Mr. reported from the Committee, to

the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par- whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for carry-liament for the Borough of Ripon, in the County of ing into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the York, in the room of the Honourable Frederick Robin- Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, in-Jon,who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath tituled, " An Act for repairing and widening several accepted of a Pension from the Crown during Plea- tr Roads leading to the Town of in the

sure. *c County of Kent," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Or- Mr. Steele presented to the House, ders of the House, Of the 25th of ylpril 1774, relative

A Lift of Pensions, together with the Names of the to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 6th the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Day of February 1786 (being the Date of the last Petition j and had directed him to report the fame. Return) who have served the Crown in Foreign as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read Courts, made obt pursuant to the Directions of an the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read#

and is as followeth

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Williams being examined, said, That in " regulating^the Mode of Payments out of the said the Execution thereof a considerable Sum of Money " Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain has been borrowed upon the Credit of the Tolls, " Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out which now remains due, and cannot be paid off, nor " of the Revenues of the Civil List And also, the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good A Lift of Pensions, together with the Names of the Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be further Persons to whom the same are granted, since the 6th continued, and some additional Powers granted.

Day of February 1787 (being the Date of the last Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Return) made out pursuant to the Directions of an for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of Act, passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ena- repairing and widening several Roads leading to the bling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent: And rhat " upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing Mr. Marftjam, Mr. Mr. Charles

the same from being in Arrear for the future, by Mr. Gipps, and Sir Philip Hales, do prepare, and bring regulating the Mode of Payments out of the said in, the fame.

Lift of Office* in the En\ Indies ptc-fentedU

Hartford Roads Fetitict reported.

1 /

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for ena-. bling His Majesty to discharge the Debt contracted upon His Civil List Revenues, and for preventing the same from being in Arrear for the future, by

Cl

(C

iC

4C

Revenues, and by suppressing or regulating certain Offices therein mentioned, which are now paid out of the Revenues of the Civil List."

And the Titles of the said Lifts were read.

Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Sixth Year of His

Tunbridge Wells KmH Bill reported.

Ordered, That the said Lifts do lie upon the Table, present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keep-

to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Lifts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the

ingin Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Crols Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of , and for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of Wit by barn, to For eft Row, in the Parish of

Gr in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty. Committee had goile through the Bill, and made fe«

veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow him to report to the House; and

Morning, Ten of the Clock. in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

28 Geo. III. 11° Decembrist

the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted*

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed td put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty} intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh,

" through Bangor, Wor then bury, and Hanmer, in the " County of Flint,to a> House in the Poflfession of

" Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of church, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor *f aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of and

" from, Redbrookto Hampton, in the said County of " Salop," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed by the said Act have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing and widening the said Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein } and that the Term of the said Act is near expiring, and the Money borrowed Hill remains due, and cannot be repaid, and the said Roads compleated, and kept in Repair for the future, unless the Term of the said Act be further continued, and some of the Tolls increased during certain Sea-fons in the Year: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof -, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Master of the Rolls, Mr. Marjkam, &cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, to direct that the Deficiency, which shall be on the 25th Day of March 1788, of the Incomes of the Duties on Malt granted for the Year 1786, to satisfy Principal and Interest charged thereupon, be made good out of the Supplies for the Year 1788.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1 The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by Vol. XLIII.

a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, td make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax of the Year 1786, out of the Supplies granted for the Year

17881 -

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair*

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for Marine Mu-the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while tin)r 1 on Shore.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Stephens took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Stephens reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto } which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow -Morning.

A Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships Petition from belonging to the Port of Whitby, in the County of ghTVbeiort -York, was presented to the House, and read j Setting ingw Whitby, forth, That the Petitioners, in Conjunction with the against the Ship Owners of the Ports of Shields and Scarbrough, gulatTng the*’ presented a Bill to the House for the better Regula- Coil Trade at tien of the Coal Trade, which was once read, but on Newcastle-Account of the little Time then remaining in the last Session of Parliament, it was agreed Should stand over until this present Session; and that the Petitioners being now informed that a Bill is brought into Parliament by the Coal Owners and Fitters of Newcastle, for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade, which the Petitioners judge every Way inadequate to the Purpose, therefore praying. That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships, using the Coal Trade in the Port of Newcastle upon Tyne, is referred.

Sir Watkin Lewes reported from the Committee, to Swansea Pn»-

whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Swatifea, in the Ttt'° County of Glamorgan,on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read -, and is as followeth; viz.

F f To

no

II

Decenibris.

A. 1787.

To pfove the Allegations of the said Petition, Giles ¥emplcman, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Streets and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough and Town, and the Liberties thereof, are very badly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the same are rendered very incommodious by Annoyances and Incroachments. — And he added, That the Town of Swansea appeared to him tof be a Place of great Resort for Company and also would be much more convenient to the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Town of in the County of Glamorgan, and the Liberties thereof j and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Ob-

removing and preventing struttions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and And being alked, How long he has been acquaint- for widening certain Streets and other Places within ed with the Town of Swansea ? he said, He was never the said Borough and Town, and rendering the Paf-there till Augustlaft, and then only for or 5 Days, sage thereof safe and convenient: And that Sir

kin Lewes and Sir William Manjel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

being on a Tour through South Wales.

Mr. John Cockayne confirmed the above Evidence, with respect to the bad Pavement of the said Streets and other public Passages and Places, and also as to the Existence of divers Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein. — And further said, That it would

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to

Report Sup ply.

be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of the said Town, His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee

and of public Utility, if the said Streets were properly paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Obstrudions removed.

Richard Bevan, Esquire, being examined, said, That he is very well acquainted with the Town of,

living in the Neighbourhood — That the Streets are very ill paved, in many Places there are Holes; and there is a considerable Inconvenience arising from several Gutters interfefting the main Road, serving as Drains to the different Houses; these are very inconvenient to Carriages, and unsafe for Horsemen, and in the Summer Time are attended with very ill Gon-sequence, on Account of the nauseous and offensive Smells they occasion — That he has frequently observed

Guards and Garriious*

had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Number of Land Forces, including One thour sand Six hundred and Twenty Invalids, amounting to Sixteen thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-two Effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, chargeof Thac a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred Ninety-eight thousand Six hundred Thirty-seven Pounds Two

in different Parts of the Streets Heaps of Dirt swept Shillings and Ten Pence, be granted to His Majesty, together — There are also various Projettions and Ob- for defraying the Charge of Sixteen thousand Nine structions — That on Market Days there is a confi- hundred and Eighty-two Effettive Men, for Guards, derable Inconvenience, on Account of the Narrowness Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces, in of the Streets, and the Difficulty which Horse and Great Britain, Guernsey, and ferfey, including the Charge Foot Passengers find in passing along the said Streets, of the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned

" — - - officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men,

— And he added. That there are some Thatched Houses, tq the great Danger of Losses by Fire to the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town.

Mr. William Price confirmed the Evidence of the last mentioned Witness.

Robert Morris, Esquire, being examined, said. That the public Passages and Places in the Borough and Town of Swansea, and Liberties thereof, are moil remarkably ill paved, exceedingly full of Filth, are not

the

Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, Riding Mailers, and for Serjeants, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Three hundred Fifteen thousand Eight hundred Sixty-five Pounds Nineteen Shillings and One Penny, be granted to His Ma-

Forcet in the Plantation*.

committed in the Town, particularly one last Sum mer, for which the Party now lies under Sentence of Death — That the Streets have been encroached upon in many Instances within his Recollection — That there arc many Obstructions from Carriages, also from Quantities of Allies, Coal, Lime, and various other Matters being left in the Streets — That it is the constant Practice of many of the Inhabitants to empty all Manner of Nastiness from their Houses into the Streets — That there are many drunken Sailors who parade the Streets at all Hours of the Night, many Prostitutes, also many Instances of Healing Knockers

at all lighted or watched, and several Burglaries are jesty, for maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Gar

rifons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including the Charge of the Pay of the Commission Officers, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and Serjeants, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Difference (*-That a Sum, not exceeding Eight thousand Seven hundred Fifty-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and »*-Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defray-from Doors, and breaking Windows — That the Town ing the Difference between the Charge of the British is overrun with Penthouses and Sheds, and other Pro- and Irish Establishments of Seven Regiments and Four jeftions, rendering the Passages thereby much more Companies of Foot, serving in North. America, The narrow — That there are several useless Paffifadoes, West ladies, and The Isle of Man, for Three hundred that stop the Footway, many Steps to Doors, of great Sixty-six Days, from the 25th Day of December ij8j Nuisance, and which are of late Projections — That to the 24th Day of December 1788, both Days several of the other Streets and Lanes are too narrow, elusive.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eleven thousand Two F°j hundred Ninety-two Pounds and Thirteen ia*

be granted to His Majesty, on Account, for the Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons and Nine Battalions of Foot, for Service in

East India, for the Year 1788.

p Resolved,

the Houses being too close opposite to each other — That there are about Eight Houses and other Buildings covered with Thatch, in the interior and other Parts of the Town.

And he added, That it will be of great Advantage to have the above Obstructions removed, and the Town would be much more relbrted to by Strangers,

General anJ Gcutrn 1 Staff Officers.

Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers.

Allowances to the Paymaster General, See See.

Ordnance*

Return of effective Land Force* in the West Indies faefenteck.

Hull Roads Petition*

28 Geo. III.

110 Decembris.

in

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six thousand Four hundred Twenty-seven Pounds and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for the Pay of the General and General Staff Officers in Great Brifor the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Two hundred Seventy-three Pounds Two Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Full Pay to Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Eight hundred Sixty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted ro His Majesty, for the Allowance to the Paymaster General of His Majesty's Forces; to the Secretary at War; to the Commissary General of the Musters; to the Judge Advocate General; to the Comptrollers of the Accompts of the Army, their Deputies and Clerks, including the contingent Expences of their respective Offices; for the Amount of Exchequer Fees to be paid by the Paymaster General; and on Account for Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred and Nineteen thousand Four hundred and Seven Pounds and One Penny, be granted to His Majesty, for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance for Land Service, for the Year 17S8.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Return of the E.ffeftives of His Majesty’s Forces serving in the West India Islands, according to the last Returns.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That the said Return do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other

Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees impowered to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An *f Act for repairing the Road leading from the Town K of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of " Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella,

" in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon " Hulland the other made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have\ proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remain due, with a large Arrear of interest; and that the Terms of the said Acts are near expiring, and the Money borrowed cannot be repaid, nor can the Roads mentioned in the said Acts be effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Terms and Powers granted by the said Acts are further continued: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Terms and Powers of the said Acts, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Mr* Hailing*.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel 'Thornton, Mr.

Wilber force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers,' and Records.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Votes of Yesterday, of the Message from the Lords to acquaint this House, that their Lordships had appointed Wednesday the 13th Day of February next, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon, for the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, for the High Crimes and Misdemeanors whereof he stands impeached, at the Bar of the House of Lords, and that their Lordships will order Conveniencies to be prepared there for the Managers of the said Impeachment, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That Managers be appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Answer of Warren,

Esquire, to the Articles of Impeachment which have been exhibited against him, and to report their Opinion what is most proper to be done towards the further Proceedings thereon, and who were impowered to fend for Persons, Papers and Records, that shall be thought necessary to be used upon the Trial of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, and to proceed in the most speedy and secret Way they can, for the Advantage of the Prosecution, be the said Managers.

Ordered, That Mr. Albany Wallis and Mr. Richard Troward be appointed Solicitors to the said Managers.

Resolved, That this House will be present at the Trial of the Impeachment against Warren,

Esquire, as a Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them with the said Resolution, and to desire that a convenient Accommodation may be prepared accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Burke do carry the said Message to the Lords.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motion for posed, That Philip Francis, Esquire, be added to the ^ancf* toVbc Managers appointed to manage the Impeachment Managm. against Warren Hastings, Esquire; N's’

The House was moved, That Part of the Copy of the Answer of Warren Hastings, Esquire, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Philip Francis,

Esquire, be added to the Managers appointed to manage the Impeachment against Warren Hastings,

Esquire;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

TdWortheY

{Mr. John James Hamilton,

Mr. Steele:

So it passed in the Negative.

Solicitor*

appointed*

House to be present at Mr* Hastings'*

Trial*

| 62.

1

122.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii,

Mercurii, 12* die Decembrist Anno 28° Georgii IIIm Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

ration from A PETITION of John Morse and William Mtffrs.Morse rt ie\i} p/quires, was presented to the House, and foHktnfing* read; Setting forth, That the Town of -

Theatre at in the County of is large and populous,

BnRhthcim- ancj cont;nuaiiy increasing, and is much frequented by great Numbers of the Nobility, Gentry, and others, for the Conveniency and Benefit of bathing in the Sea, and going to and from the Continent, on Account of its Vicinity to the Coast of , and the Villages round are inhabited by many Gentry and others; and that a licenst-d Playhouse in the said Town, under proper Regulations, would afford a moral and rational Entertainment to Persons residing in, and resorting to, the fame, and great Benefit would result therefrom to the Shopkeepers and other Inhabitants of the said Town; and that the Petitioners are possessed of proper Ground, conveniently situated, for erecting a Building the reoh, for Theatrical Exhibitions: And therefore praying, That LeaYe may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre within the said Town, in such Manner, and under such Regulations,. as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Thomas

... Pelham, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tunbridge An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and ail^affect*'1 va,7inS c*ie Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of p His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and

keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells,in the County of to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of and for amending the Road from Florence in the Parish

of Withy ham, to Forest Row, in the Parish of East Gritistead, in the County of was read the Third

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex, and for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of Withy-ham, to Forest Row, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Marchwiei Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, to whom «Ooaedfmon Petlt'on of several of the Trustees appointed to icp°‘c put in Execution an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing'and widening the " Road from Marchwiei, in the County Denbigh,

" through Bangor, Wand Runnier, in the " County of Flint,to a House in the Possession of (< Thomas Jerks,- in Dodinglon, in the Parish of - church, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor " aforesaid, to Malpas,in the County of Chester, and " from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of

" Salop" was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is

as followeth; viz.


♦ 0 *

♦ - ♦

* 0k

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bilt for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiei, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmcr, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop: And that Mr. Parry and the Master of the Rolls do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was committed, the Amendments which, the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Stephens, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered

Malt Bill reported.

Land Tax Bill reported.

Marine Mu* tiny Bill reported.

Committee of Supply.

SorpluHei

referred.

House acquainted that the Lords had addressed His Majesty for a Place to be prepared for Mr. Hastings's Trial.

Blechingly

Writ.

Earl of Newburgh's Petition.

28 Geo. III. 12° Decemb. 113

livered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That Surplusses, stated the 5th Day of April 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report,1 when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That , this House 1 will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply grant* ed to His Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

.The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships have addressed His Majesty, that He will be pleased to give Order for a Place to be prepared in for their Lordships to proceed upon the Trial of Warren HaJlitigs, Esquire, who now stands impeached before their House.

And then the Messengers withdrew. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the elefling of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Blechingly, in the County of Surrey, in the room of John , Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of StokeDejborough, and , in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of the Right honourable ’James Earl of Newburghy Viscount Baron

ston, of Flacraig,in the Kingdom of Scotland, being

offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, havipg been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, recommends it to the Confidefation of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That of all the Estates which were forfeited to the Crown by the Adherents to the Cause of the Family of Stuart, either in the Year 1715 or 1745, the Derwent water Estates alone remain {fill vested in the Trustees of the Public, and, the Petitioner is confident that if, with better Pretensions, he alks less Favour than any of the Persons to whom forfeited Estates have been lately restored, his Application will not be rejected j and that the same of the Petitioner is peculiarly singular, and differs from the Cafes of all other Sufferers for the same Cause, in the following striking In-

Vol. XLIII.

stances: That his Grandfather, the late Charles Rad* clyffe(by whose Attainder the Derwentwater Estates became vested in the Crown, in the Year 1731, upon the Death of Mr. John Radclyffe, the only Son of the attainted Earl of Derwentwater, without Issue Male) was nearly allied, by Consanguinity, to the Person whose Fortunes he followed, and was attainted before he had attained the Age of Nineteen Years; that the Value of the Property forfeited by the Petitioner’s Anccftor far exceeded that of any other Person who forfeited for the same Cause, and that, by the uninterrupted Enjoyment of such Property for Fifty-six Years, the Nation hath received from the Petitioner’s Family more ample Atonement than from any Family in the like Situation j and that a considerable Part of the Derwentwater Estates, upon the Death of the said Charles Radclyffe, in the Year 1746, was prevented from vesting in the Petitioner’s Father (the late Earl of Newburgh) in Tail Male, as the first Son of the Body of the said Radclyffe, under a Settlement, made in the Year 1712, not by the Eft'e&s of the Forfeiture of the said Charles Radclyffe his Father, nor for any Criminality, either in himself or his Ancestors, but by ;the Interference of Parliament, in Consequence of many great Doubts and Difficulties which the Twenty-second of his late Majesty King George the Second recites to have existed, reflecting the Alienage of the Petitioner’s said Father (who was born in France, though of English Parents) and the Necessity of a Claim being put in to the Estates in Question by the Trustees to preserve contingent Remainders in the aforesaid Settlement on Behalf of unborn Children, which was not directed by the forfeiting Acts, nor required by the Law of the Land, and' which the Petitioner’s said Father was at that Time unable to bear the Expences of litigating, and the said Act leaves open and undecided; and that the Petitioner is allured, from undeniable Authority, that the Royal Hospital at Greenwich hath not, for the last Five Years, received from the Derwentwater Estates more net and clear Money than 20,000 per Annum, or thereabouts $ and that the Petitioner doth not urge either similar or stronger Pretensions for the Rcftora-tien of all the Estates of his attainted Ancestors, than others to whom such Restorations have been made, but is resigned and ready to pay, for ever, as much as the Public hath ever received from the Estates of his Ancestors, if Parliament shall be pleased, in their Mercy and Humanity, to veil all the Derwentwater Estates in the Petitioner, in Fee Simple, subject to a perpetual Relit Charge of £. 20,000, payable for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich for ever; and that the Petitioner is fully confident, that no Objection will be made to his Petition, when there have been so many late Instances of the Restoration of all the other Estates forfeited for a more recent Rebellion, to the forfeiting Persons themselves, or their Dcfcendants, subject to no other Burthens than such as they were charged with at the Time of their Forfeiture, and that, if the same Principles were applied to the same of the Petitioner, in lieu of a perpetual Relit Charge of £. 20,000 per Annum, the Derwentwater Estates would be liable only to £.28,900; and that the Petitioner’s Father was, as is also the Petitioner, most loyally attached to the present Government: And therefore praying, Thac Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for diverting the Fee Simple and Inheritance of the said Estates out of the Commissioners and Governors of the said Hospital, and for subjecting the said Estates to the Payment of a perpetual Relit Charge of /. 20,000, for the Benefit and Advantage of the said Hospital, and for veiling the said Estates, so subject, in the Petitioner, for an absolute Filiate of Inheritance in Fee Simple, or for granting to the Petitioner such other Redress or Relief as the singular and unprecedented Hardships of his same shall appear to deserve.

Ordered, Thu the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

G g A Petition

Com Distiller* Petition.

Prtition from Cfituin I. icemen ot Queenborough.

A Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about den was presented to the House', and read; Setting forth, That in the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty’s Reign an Act was palfed, intituled, "An Act " to discontinue for a limited Time the several Duties payable in Scotland on Low Wines and Spirits,

" and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there " used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thertof;" and that the said Act was intended to impose upon the Dillillerv of Scotland Duties equivalent to those paid by the Distillery in England, and Experience has shewn, and the Petitioners are ready to prove, that such intended equalizing Duties were so settled under the Influence of Misrepresentation, to the manifest Lofsof the Public Revenue, and the almost Ruin of the Trade of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That such further equalizing Duty be imposed as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this1 House will, upon Friday the First Day of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

A Petition of the Freemen of the Borough of ^ueen-b'-rough, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freemen of the said Borough, being offered to be presented to the House;

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen

Mary,intituled, "An Act declaring the Rights and " Liberties of the Subject, and settling the Succession " of the Crown," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners esteem it their Duty to represent to the House, that great and notorious Abuses prevail respecting the Shipping employed in the Rivers Thames and Medwa, under the Management and Direction of the Board of Ordnance; that useless Vessels, the Property of Government, are retained on the Establishment, although the Contraft Vessels employed in those Rivers are fully adequate to the ordinary Service of the Public in Time of Peace, and that the Contraft Vessels are hired at much less Expence than is incurred by those on the EAablishment, all the Matters and Mates of which are Freemen of the Borough of; that,

for the latt Thirty Years, the Borough of has been constandy represented in Parliament by a Member of the Board of Ordnance, and, during that Period, the Expences of the Establittunent have been enormously increased, by the Addition of new Vessels, the Augmentation of the Salaries of the Matters, and the unnecessary and unprecedented Appointment of Mates; and that, by these Means, the Public Money is wantonly and wattefully expended, and the Board of Ordnance have acquired, and still keep up and maintain, an undue and corrupt Influence in the Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Shicenborough, to the Prejudice of the Rights of the Petitioners and others, Freemen of the said Borough, and in Violation of the Freedom and Purity of Elections; and that the Petitioners are desirous and prepared to substantiate the Truth of their Allegations at the Bar of the House, or before any Committee of the fame, and moil ear-nettly requett the House to institute such Enquiries, and to take such Measures, for the Correction of the Abuses complained of, as to the House shall feern meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Gilbert Elliot, in his Place, charged Sir Elijah ch"^esirEli Itnpey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme [fh'impey* Court of Judicature at FortfGilliam in Bengal, with

sundry High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and presented to the House several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against the said Sir Elijah Itnpey.

And the said Articles were delivered in at the Clerk’s Table, and read; and are as followeth; viz.

Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mif-demeanors against Sir Elijah Itnpey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

FIRST CHARGE.

Nunducomar.

THAT many Complaints having been made, previous to the Year 1772, of the imperfect Manner in which Justice was administered in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, under the Courts of

Jruttice existrng within the said Provinces at that Time, and those Complaints being principally founded on the Difficulty which the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces laboured under, in obtaining Juf- tice against: the Servants of the East India Company and their Agents, in Courts wherein the Servants of the said Company presided, and in which the Judges themselves appeared, in many Instances, to have a common Interest with the Parties complained of, in fereening the Injuries and Offences committed by Europeans against the Native Inhabitants, and in suppressing, defeating, and discouraging such Complaints; and were in all Cafes obnoxious to the Suspicion of being influenced in their Judgments by British Authority, on which their private Fortunes altogether depended; and Parliament having, in the Years 1772 and 1773, obtained, by the Reports of its Committees, full and authentic Information concerning the said Grievances, and many other Abuses and Defects in the Government and Management of the Territorial Possessions of the East India Company in India, and particularly concerning the defective Administration of Justice therein, did pass an Act, in the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for establishing certain Regulations " for the better Management of the Affairs of the " East India Company, as well in India as in by which, amongst other Provisions and Regulations therein contained, His Majesty Was " authorized and " impowered, by Charter, or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great Britain, to erect and establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William "in Bengal," which Court was to enjoy and exercise certain Powers and Authorities described in the said Act. And H is Majesty did, in pursuance and by virtue of the said Act, grant a Charter of Justice accordingly, bearing Date in the Fourteenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, and did erect and establish such Supreme Court of Judicature, and did appoint Sir Elijah Impey to be Chief Justice thereof. That the said Act, in the View of remedying the Defects aforesaid in the Administration of Justice within the said Provinces, and of rendering the Judges of the said Supreme Court altogether unconnected with, and independent of, the said East India Company, and of their Servants Abroad, and affording thereby a Place of Refuge for the oppressed Inhabitants of the said Provinces, whether British or Native, from the Exactions,

Vexations, and Injuries of the East India Company, or their Servants in Authority there; and also in the View of affording to the said East India Company it- self.


28 Geo. III. 12° Decepibris. 115

self, the Means of obtaining Justice against the Frauds and Misdemeanors of its Servants, in a Court which Should be independent of, and unconnected with, the said Servants, did provide that the Chief Justice and Judges of the said Supreme Court should be appointed by His Majesty, and not by the India Company, or by any of its Servants, and Should be removeable from their said Offices of Chief Justice and Judges of the Supreme Court, by His Majesty, or His Successors, and not by the said East India Company, or any of its Servants; and did further grant to the said Chief Justice and Judges large and ample Salaries, sufficient to remove any Temptation of seeking to increase their Fortunes by any ocher and indirect Means, and rendering themselves thereby dependent on the Servants of the said East India Company; and did further ftriXly forbid the said Chief Justice and Judges to accept of any Present or pecuniary Reward, other than their said Salaries, or to Carry on, or to have any Concern in, any Traffick or Commerce, either for themselves or for the Account Cf any other Persons; and the manifest Spirit and Intention of the said Provisions and Regulations was to secure the Independence of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, and to keep the Administration of Juf-ticfe pure and separate from all Political Views, Trans-aXions, or Connexions whatever; and the main and principal Objex of the Establishment of the said Supreme Court, and of the Provisions and Regulations relating thereto, was the general ProteXionof the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces against the Oppreffions of the said Company’s Servants, and more particularly the special ProreXion of the Native Inhabitants, who should accuse and complain of the said Company’s Servants, and particularly in the Instances in which the said Servants so complained of should possess the highest Authority, and should be most able to oppress the said Native Inhabitants, and to resent their Complaints and Accusations.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey was well acquainted with the said Provisions and Regulations, and with the salutary ObjeXs proposed thereby, which are obvious'in themselves, and which the said Sir Impey was well apprised of, as appears by many Declarations and Professions made by himself, both in Writing and publicly from the Bench, expressive of the'Senlc he entertained of the said Provisions and Regulations, and of their Objex; and the said Sir Elijah Impey did accept of the said Appointment in the full -and perfex Knowledge of the Duties and Obligations attached thereto, and did thereby render him-lelf responsible for any NeglcX, Breach, or Violation thereof.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey was appointed to the said Office at London, in the Year 1774; and did arrive at Fort William in Bengal, in the Month of October in the same Year; and did immediately, or soon after, enter on the Discharge of the said Office of Chief Justice.

That, soon after the Arrival of the said Sir Elijah Impey at Calcutta, and the First Establishment of the said Supreme Court, Warren Esquire, at that

Time Governor General of Bengal, was publicly accused of various Peculations, and other corrupt Practices, in his said Office of Governor General, by a Native of high Rank and of great Eminence in the said Province of Bengal, named the Maha Rajah Nun-ducotnar. That the said Accusations were made by the said Maha Rajah befort the Council General, a Majority of which received the fame; and instituted an Enquiry and Examination into the Truth thereof, as it was their Duty to do, and in Obedience to the particular and recent InstruXions given by the Court of DireXors of the said East India Company, when the said Members of the Council General were appointed

to their said Offices. That the said Accusations were in Writing, and specified with great Minuteness the particular Charges, and all Circumstances relating thereto, and were not contradiXed by the said Warren Hajiings-, who, instead of confronting his Accuser, challenging Enquiry, disputing or refuting the said Charges, thought proper, under Pretence of his Dignity, to decline all Defence, to difiolve, in an arbitrary and illegal Manner, the said Council General, at various Times, when met to enquire into the said Charges, and did otherwise, by every Means in his Power, whether legal or otherwise, oppose and refill the Examination of the said Charges, affording thereby strong Confirmation of the Truth thereof, and manifesting strong Apprehensions of the Consequences with which the said Accusation would threaten him, if enquired into, or suffered to proceed.

That a Majority of the said Council General having refused to suppress the said Accusation, and having declared their Determination to proceed in its Invef-tigation, notwithstanding the illegal and unwarrantable Opposition made thereto by the Person accused, he the said Warren Hajiings endeavoured to defeat the said Accusation, by prosecuting the said Maha Rajah in the Supreme Court, for a Conspiracy against him, and several other Persons holding high Stations in the Company’s Service; and immediately after the Commencement of the said Profecurion for the said Conspiracy, but before any IndiXment for the same hdd been found, or any Trial thereof, a direx Attack was made on the Life of the said Accuser of the Governor General, by indiXing the said Maha Rajah Capitally before the Supreme Court, for a Forgery, said to have been committed by the said Maha Rajah Five Years before; which pretended Forgery had been, and still was at the Time of the Commencement of the said Prosecution, the Subjex of a Civil Suit in the Dewannee Adaulet, a Country Court of Justice, and no Steps had been ever taken to make the same a Matter of Criminal Prosecution, and much less of a Capital IndiXment, until the said Rajah had become the Accuser of the Governor General. That the Circumstances aforesaid could leave no Doubt in the Mind and Opinion of any Person acquainted therewith, that the said Prosecution was fee on Foot with a View of defeating the said Accusation brought by the said Maha Rajah against the said Warren;

and the same was considered as a Political Measure, contrived either by the said Warren , or by

his Party and Adherents, to extricate the said Warren Hajiings from his said desperate Condition, and calculated at the same Time both to revenge the said particular Accusation brought against the said Warren Hajiings, and efteXually to deter all other Natives of the said Provinces from attempting the like in any other Instance against the said Warren , or any other European.

That the said Maha Rajah was entitled to Justice from the said Supreme Court of Judicature in common with other Men, and more particularly as being a Native Inhabitant of the said Provinces; but he was most peculiarly, and above all, an Objex of their especial Protection, from the Circumstances in which he flood, and which had given Occasion to the said Prosecution. For he was a Native Inhabitant of the said Provinces, and he was engaged in an Undertaking which had been deemed hazardous and fatal' for Natives before the Establishment of the said Supreme Court, but which it was the principal and proper Objex of the said Establishment to render safe to all Persons, whether Native or European, namely, the Accusation and DeteXion of corrupt and evil Practices in the Servants of the East India Company enjoying Power and Authority in the said Provinces. That it was therefore the bounden and sacred Duty of the said Sir Elijah Impey, as Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court, to afford Protection to the said Malta Rajah, so far as it might come within the Limits of his Functions and Office legally so to do. But he the said Sir Elijah Impey did> on the contrary, in Violation of his said Duty, in direct Opposition to the Letter and the Spirit of his Commission, contrary to every Principle of English Law, and of general Justice, become in Effect the Abettor and Instrumenc of the said Warren Hajlings, or of his Partizans, in the said wicked and unprincipled Attack on the Life of the said Accuser; and the said Sir Elijah Impey converted His Majesty’s Commission and Authority, the Laws of England, and the sacred Character of Magis-tracy, into a new Means of Impunity, and a new and additional Engine of Revenge, Oppression, and Terror, in the Hands of those whom he was commissioned to controul.

That, in pursuance of the said corrupt and abomi-liable Design, to defeat the said Accusation by putting the said Accuser to Death, he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, did entertain the said Prosecution, and did permit the said Capital Indictment to be tried by a Jury of British Subjects, and did pass Sentence of

Death on the said Maha Rajah, and did refuse to grant an Appeal therefrom, and did refuse to respite the said Sentence until His Majesty’s Pleasure Should be known, and did order and cause the said Capital Sentence to be executed on the said Maha Rajah, in a Manner (hocking to the religious Opinions of all the Gentoo Inhabitants within the said Provinces, although the said Maha Rajah was not within the Criminal Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court, which had no legal Authority to try the said Indictment under the said Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, and although the said pretended Crime, of which the said Maha Rajah was indicted, was not Capital in India, either by the Gentoo Law, or the Mahomedan Law, or the English Law j but the said Indictment was completely illegal, and ought to have been quaffied, and every Step in the said Prosecution, from the Indictment to the Execution of the said Sentence, was plainly and directly contrary to the Law of and unwarranted by the Act of Parliament, or the Charter of Justice, under Pretence and Colour of which the said Sir Elijah Impey put the said Accuser of the Governor General to Death pending his said Accusation j and although the said Proceedings were still more manifestly contrary to the first and plained Principles of natural and general Justice, and could not have been justified even by their Conformity with English Law, if such Conformity had existed, which it did not j and it would have been on that Account the Duty of the said Chief Justice to respite the said Sentence till His Majesty’s Pleasure Should be known, even if the Letter of the Law had constrained him to pronounce the said Sentence, which it did not 5 and although the said Trial, Sentence, and Execution, tended, in the Circumstances above recited, to defeat the principal and most salutary Purposes of the said Commission, and, instead of encouraging the Native Inhabitants to seek Redress in the said Supreme Court, and in the Laws of England against the Oppressions of the said Company’s Servants, must have increased, and did accordingly increase, the Terror, and the implicit Submission of the said Native Inhabitants under their Wrongs, by impressing them with an Opinion that the Authority of the said Company’s Servants was now augmented by the Subserviency of the said Supreme Court, which armed the said Servants with new and more terrible Powers, and placed the Lives as well as the Fortunes of the said Native Inhabitants at the Mercy and at the Discretion of the said Servants.

That the said Trial, Sentence, and Execution,

were contrary to Law, and not warranted by any legal or competent Authority,

First, because the said Act of Parliament of His present Majesty, which authorized His Majesty to grant the said Charter, and to establish the said Supreme Court, did also describe, limit, and define, the several Powers and Jurisdictions to be exercised by the said Supreme Court j but it did not confer on the said Supreme Court (nor authorize His Majesty to confer the fame) any Criminal Jurisdiction whatever, in any same whatever, over the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces; and albeit the said Charter did nevertheless contain Clauses for conferring Criminal Jurisdiction over Native Inhabitants of certain Descriptions, and in certain Circumstances, in the said Charter particularly mentioned, yet the said Charter was not competent, without the Authority of Parliament, and contrary to the Meaning of the said Act, to confer such Criminal Jurisdiction, by any legal, valid, and sufficient Authority; and the said Sir Elijah Impey, being conversant in the Laws and Constitution of England, well knew the Insufficiency of the said Charter to that Effect, and is respohfible for acting under an Authority which he knew to be invalid and unwarranted in Law. And the said Sir Elijah Impey is the more responsible on Account of the Invalidity of the said Charter, because he declared from the Bench, that he had been himself principally con-fulted and employed in drawing and preparing the said Charter, after he knew that he was to be appointed Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court, and that the Powers, which by his Advice were illegally inserted in the said Charter, were to be exercised by himself, and were therefore in Effect conferred by himself on himself.

That the said Proceedings were contrary to Law, Secondly, Because the said Maha Rajah was held to be subject to the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court, under the Authority of the said Charter, as having been an Inhabitant of the said Town of Calcutta at the Time of his committing the said pretended Forgery j but it was unjust to make him amenable to the said Supreme Court, and subject to a Foreign Law, and all the Penal Consequences thereof, on that Account, because he was brought to Calcutta by Force, and detained there a Prisoner, by Order of the President and Council, at the Time aforesaid j and, if the said Construction of the said Charter Should prevail, it would be easy to bring any Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces within the Criminal Jurisdiction of the said Court, and subject them to the Penal Law of England, by first dragging them in Chains to cutta, and then treating them as Inhabitants of the said Town within the Meaning of the said Charter, and as becoming by such compulsive Inhabitancy amenable to the said Supreme Court, and to English Law.

That the said Proceedings w>ere illegal,

Thirdly, Because the Act of the Second of George the Second, Chapter 25, which rendered Forgery a Capital Felony in England, did not extend to,

and no Indictment or Prosecution thereon, against any Person, whether English or Native, resident in the said Provinces, could be legal, or maintained in Law; for no Act of Parliament can be construed to extend to any foreign or dependent Dominion of Great Britain beyond the Seas, nor beyond the Realm of England, unless it be so expressed in the Act; and there is no such Expression in the said Act of George the Second, to extend the same to India, or to any other of His Majesty’s Dominions beyond the Sea. But, on the contrary, the Operation of the said Act is clearly and manifestly, by the Preamble, by the Provisions of the said Act, which are applicable to England alone, and incapable of being applied to any other Country or

Place,

28 Geo. IIL 120 Decentbris. 11 j

Place, and by the whole Purview of the said Act,* strictly confined to the Realm of England; and the said Act contains an express Proviso, that it shall not extend even to Scotland. That the said Indictment ought therefore to have been quashed; and the Guilt of the said Sir Elijah Impey, in refusing to quash the fame, and in executing a Capital. Sentence on a Native of :'India, under the said Act, is aggravated, in a very high Degree, by the Consideration that Sir Robert Chambers, one of his Brethren on the Bench, and a Person well and deeply skilled and learned in the Law of England, did make a Motion from the Bench for quashing the said Indictment, on the Ground of its Illegality, as being founded on the said Statute of George the Second, which had not the Force of Law in India, and was not binding on the Inhabitants of those Provinces j and the said Sir Robert Chambers delivered his Reasons for the said Opinion \ but the said Sir Elijah Impey did over-rule the fame, and did rejcft the said Motion, and did proceed and perfilt, not only irvthe illegal Trial, but also in the Execution of the said illegal and Capital Sentence.

That the said Trial, Sentence, and Execution, were contrary to Natural Justice,

First, Because the said Crime of Forgery was not Capital by the Laws of the Country of which the said Maha Rajah was a Native and an, Inhabitant; and it is repugnant to the Principles 6f Justice, of Humanity, and of Reason, to subject a whole Nation to the Penalties of a Foreign Law, more especially when that Law is incompatible with the Opinions, Manners, PJabits, and Religion of the said Nation, and when the said Foreign Law is written (when written at all) in a Language not understood by the said Nation, and is in a great Measure unwritten, and therefore both unknown and impossible to be taught to the said Nation, and is administered by Forms with which the said Nation are utterly unacquainted, and by Persons with whom the said Nation cannot converse, and is, in all these, and many other Respects, utterly inapplicable to, as it was in Fast framed without any Contemplation of, the said Nation. And the said Statute of George the Second could be binding in India only on the general Ground that the whole Body of the English Penal Law was transplanted, without Distine-tien, Selection, or Modification, into the said Provinces, and became binding on the said Native Inhabitants; which Supposition is no where supported by the said Stature or Charter, and is utterly repugnant to Reason and Justice j and the said Sir Elijah Impey has himself expressed, on other Occasions, his Opinion of the Inconvenience and Mischief of " infiift-cc ing the same Punishments which are inflicted in tc England for the like Offences," and the Practice of the said Sir Elijah Impey, anc), of the said Supreme Court, has accordingly been to depart, in various Instances, from the Letter of English Law, and to" modify it according to their Discretion, in such Manner as appeared in those Instances to render it more applicable to the Circumstances of the said Provinces, and of the Inhabitants thereof. And the said Sir Elijah Impey did therefore deem it competent for him to depart from the Rigour of Penal Statutes, and was not bound, according to his own Principles and Practice, to adhere to it more in this than in other Cafes; and his Pertinacity on the said Trial of the said Maha Rajah, in a same of Life and Death, is on that Account the more unwarrantable, and the more obnoxious to the Imputation and Suspicion of a corrupt and dishonest Motive.

That the said Proceedings were contrary to Natural Justice,

Secondly, Because the only Pretence under which the said Indictment, Sentence, and Execution could, with any Colour, be justified, was the Operation of His Majesty’s said Charter of Justice, which the said Vox.. XUII.

Sir Elijah Impey falsely pretended to be sufficient for establishing the Criminal Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court, and the English Penal Law, over the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces; but the said Chatter of Justice was not granted by His Majesty till the Year 1774, and did not reach Calcutta, nor was published there, until the Month of October in the said Year; whereas the said pretended Forgery was alledged to have been committed by the said Maha Rajah in the Year 1770, and was therefore not Capital, even under any British Charter, whether competent to make it so or not, at the Time of its find pretended Commission; and the said Charter of Justice granted by His present Majesty could operate on, or be applied to, the said Calc only ns an ex pojt fatlo Law, which is contrary to the univeifally received and acknowledged Principles and Practice of all rational Societies and civilized Nations, and is aTy-ranny not to be justified under any Act of a British Parliament, or any Charter of a British King, and is utterly repugnant to the Spirit of English) Law, and to the Practice of English Tribunals, and is (hocking to the Englishj Character and Manners 5 and the Application of an ex post fast0 Law by the said Sir Elijah bn-pey as aforesaid, in a same of Life and Death, would alone, if there were no other -Circumstance to aggravate the Guilt thereof, remain a Stain on the English Name, which nothing can efface but a National Dif-avowal and Condemnation thereof.

That it is a Maxim of our Law, which in England is not thought incompatible with a due and wholesome Administration of Justice, that in Criminal Prosecutions the Judge on the Bench is Counsel for the Prisoner; and the Practice of British Judges, whom the said Sir Elijah Impey was commissioned to represent in India, is consonant to the said Maxim, which is*, not more founded in Mercy than in Justice; for the Counsel and Advocates for Prisoners are not permitted, in Capital Cafes, to address the Jury, and the Prisoner, being often unbilled in.Kufiness, unaccuffomed to address public Assemblies, diffracted and depressed by his Situation, or otherwise unqualified to plead his own Cause, would lose the fair Advantage to which he is entitled^ of commenting on the Evidence, observing on the comparative Credit of the Witnesses, and furnishing to the Jury the Lights and Assistance of which they (land in Need in long and intricate Enquiries, if the said Defect in Criminal Trials was not supplied, and perhaps fully compen-fated, by the said Practice of the Judges, who take especial Care, both during the Trial, and in their Charges to the Jury after the Evidence is closed, that the Accused shall have the full and* fair Advantage of all that is favourable in his Cafe. That without such Assistance from the Bench, in the helpless and forlorn Condition of Prisoners (landing on Trial for their Lives, Innocence would be frequently overborne and confounded, even in England. But the said Assistance from the Bench is (till more requisite in dispensing the Penal Laws of England to the Native Inhabitants of India, since the Ignorance of Prisoners, being Natives of the said Provinces, both in the Law and in the Language of the Court which is to pronounce on their Lives, muff: utterly disqualify them for making any Defence for themselves. That the said Sir Elijah Impey did, on One Hand, conform to the Practice of English) Courts, by refusing to permit the Counsel for the said Maha Rajah to address the Jury on Behalf of their Client; and he was the more bound not to omit or to neglect the said Other Practice of English Judges, which supplies the Prisoner’s Loss of Assistance from the Bar, by the Vigilance and Authority of the Bench: But the said Sir Elijah Impey not only wilfully failed altogether in that important Branch of his Duty, but became in Efteft the Agent and Advocate of the Prosecutor, and pro-

H h nounced

liounced a Charge, when he summed up the Evidence given on the said Trial, with the most gross and scandalous Partiality, dwelling on all the Points which appeared favourable to the Prosecution, and either omitting altogether, or passing lightly over, such as were favourable to the Prisoner, and manifesting, throughout the whole Proceeding, an ardent Wish and determined Purpose to effett the Ruin and Death of the said Maha Rajah. That the said Partiality and the said Purpose are particularly obvious in his Observations on the Evidence of a certain Wit-hess named Kijfen Juan Dojs, which, if true or be-

lieved, the said Sir Elijah Impey did himself admit, mud acquit the Prisoner, but which he laboured at great Length, and with unwearied Pains, Ingenuity, and Art, to diferedit, on flight, trivial, and insufficient Grounds; while he barely touched on the strong-elt and most valid Objections, both to the Competence and Credit of certain other Witnesses, on whose Evidence the Conviction of the said Maha Rajah rested; and the said Sir Elijah Impey was not contented with passing slightly over the said several Objections to the said Witnesses, but did falsely, and knowing himself the Fallhood thereof, represent the said Witnesses as credible and unimpeached in their Characters i although the said Sir Elijah Impey had himself Personally witnessed Fallhood, Prevarication, Venality, and Infamy in One of the said Witnesses, in former Proceedings before himself, and respecting the said Maha Rajah; and the ipid Sir Elijah Impey had again, after the Trial and Conviction of the said Maha Rajah, on the Evidence of the said Witnesses, and while the said Maha Rajah lay under Sentence of Death, in Consequence thereof, further Instances and stronger Proof, in other Proceedings also before himself, and from the Confession and Declaration of One of the said Witnesses himself, made and delivered in his own Presence, that he the said Witness was a Person of infamous Character, and ought not to be believed on his Oath. But the said Sir Elijah Impey did nevertheless refuse to relpite the said Sentence, and did cause the same to be executed, although the said Circumstances did raise a strong Presumption of the Innocence of the said Maha Rajah, and did at least throw great Doubt and Uncertainty on his Guilt.

That by virtue of the Statute and . Charter aforesaid. Authority is given to the Chief Justice and Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature, in Criminal Cafes, to grant or to refuse an Appeal from the Judgment of the said Court, as they shall think proper. That, after Judgment of Death had been passed on the said Maha Rajah, a Petition of Appeal was presented on his Behalf to the said Supreme Court. That the Circumstances aforesaid of Doubt, both in Point of Law and Fast, and more especially the Difference of Opinion between Sir Robert Chamb, One of the Judges, and the said Sir Elijah Impey and the other Judges, on a Point which involved the Legality of the whole Proceedings, and which direCUy affected the Life o( the said Prisoner, did render it the Duty of the said Sir Elijah Impey to grant the said Appeal. That the manifest Injustice of subjecting the said Maha Rajah, a Native of India, to the Penalty of Death under a British Statute, for a Crime which was not liable to the Punishment of Death by the Native Laws of the said Provinces; and the Establishment thereby of a general Principle, by which the Native Inhabitants became liable to all the penal and local Statutes of England, without Distinction or Modification, and in some Instances to the Penalty of Death, for Actions which, although not agreeable to the Manners of England, and for that Reason forbid by the English Law, are not forbid by the Laws of , and are not even Criminal in themselves, but are universally practised by all the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces; and the Impossibility that the Legislature could intend

to establish a Piinciple so Tyrannical and so absurd, even although the Letter of the Statute or Charter had been capable of bearing such a Construction; that the said several Considerations did render it further the manifest: Duty of the said Sir Elijah Impey to grant the said Appeal. That the peculiar Situation of the said Prisoner, as the Accuser of the said and the strong Grounds which the same afforded to believe that the said Prosecution was set on Foor, not for the ordinary Purposes of Justice, but for other and unjustifiable Purposes, did also further iner&afe the Propriety and Necessity of granting the said Appeal.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey did, notwithstanding all thq said Considerations, and in Opposition to his manifest Duty in all the said Respects, refuse the said Appeal.

That the said Supreme Court had also, by virtue of the said Statute and Charter, Authority to reprieve and suspend the Execution of all Capital Sentences, until His Majesty’s Pleasure Should be known; and several Applications were made on Behalf of the said Maha Rajah to the said Court, for the said Purpose; and, particularly, an Application was made for the said Purpose by Mobarach al Nabob of the said Provinces, which, amongst other Grounds urged therein, did especially represent the Ruin and Trouble which would be occasioned to the Inhabitants of his Country, and the Rigour and Hardship which would ensue, if Transactions which had happened before the Arrival of His Majesty’s Charter, Should be tried by the Englijf} Law lately introduced, and punished Capitally, although not liable to such Punishment by the Laws and Customs of his Country; and did also set forth the former Services of the said Maha Rajah to the English Nation, his, the said Nabob’s, own Conviction of his Innocence, and the probable Malice of his Prosecutors, who had long been his declared Foes.

That all the Considerations, which rendered it, as aforesaid, the Duty of the said Sir Elijah. Impey to grant the said Appeal, did also render it his Duty to reprieve and suspend the Execution of the said Sentence of Death, until His Majesty’s Pleasure should be known; more especially since it was impossible that the Objects of Justice could in any Event be defeated thereby; for the very imprisonment of the Maha Rajah, during so long an Interval as must have elapsed before the Signification of His Majesty’s Pleasure could be received in India,would have amounted to a Punishment as severe as the Crime of the said Maha Rajah was liable to, either by the Laws and Customs of the said Maha Rajah’s Country, or even by those of England,previous to the said Statute of George the Second.

That, notwithstanding the many powerful and obvious Considerations aforesaid, the said Sir Elijah Impey did refuse to respire the Execution of the said Sentence, and did cause the same to be executed accordingly.

That the said Sir Elijah Impty'% proceeding to try the said Indictment of a Person not within the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court, on a penal and capital Statute which did not extend to and

was not Law within the said Provinces; and the partial and undue Means by which he procured the Jury to convict the said Maha Rajah, on false and insufficient Evidence; and his Refusal to grant the said Appeal, and to respite the said Sentence, notwithstanding all the several Circumstances and Considerations aforesaid, do evince and demonstrate a corrupt Interest of the said Sir Elijah Impey in the Destruction of the said Maha Rajah, for Purposes detestable in themselves, but much more detestable in the said Sir Elijah Impey'% peculiar Station.

That the said Trial and Execution were contrary to Law, and were contrary to Justicq, and were re- pugnant

' pugnant to the Spirit and Intention of the Establishment of the said Supreme Court; and disappointed therein the just and salutary Object of His Majesty and of the Parliament; and brought Disrepute and Shame on the said Supreme Court at its first Institu-tien; and deprived the said Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces of all Confidence in the Law or

Justice 5 and deterred all Native Inhabitants from daring to accuse or complain of any who

might in future injure or oppress them; and gave just ’ Grounds to the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces, and to the rest of the World, for believing that the said Proceedings were the Fruit of a corrupt and wicked Confederacy between the said Sir Elijah impey and the said tVarren Hajlings, or his Abettors, for the Purpose of screening the said Warren Hajlings from a just Accusation, by accomplishing the Death of his Accuser; and that the Law of England was made the Engine and Instrument of the said Confederacy j and the said Sir Elijah was, and is, in

all and singular the said Particulars, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

SECOND CHARGE.

Patna Cause.

THAT ill the Year of our Lord 1772, the Power and Authorities relative to the Ordering, Management, and Government of the Territorial Acquisitions and Revenues in the Provinces of Babar, and

Oriffa, then being in Possession of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies, were exercised by the President and Council of Fort William, in the Province of Bengal aforesaid, the Office of President being then held by Warren Hajlings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

That the said President and Council, in the Year, &V. aforesaid, did establish certain Provisions and Regulations for the due and regular Administration of Justice throughout the said Provinces, and for that Purpose constituted and erected, in certain Districts of the said Provinces, certain Courts of Justice, called Mofuflal Dewannee Adawluts; to each of which Courts the said President and Council nominated and appointed a certain Officer or Judge, called a Supervisor, with full Powers, (s?c.

That the said President and Council did further establish certain Rules, Orders, and Regulations, for the Conduct of the said Supervisors, and the due Administration of Justice in the said Courts which Rules, Orders, and Regulations, were framed with due and particular Attention to the Customs, Habits, Manners, Laws, and Religion of the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces, as well Mahomedan as the said President and Council reserving to a Court of Appeal, called The Sudder Dewannee Adawlut, confiding of the fam President and at lead Two other Members of the Council, the Right of hearing Appeals, in all Cafes whatsoever, from the said Courts of Mofuflal Dewannee Adawlut.

That in or about the Year of our Lord 1773, the said President and Council, having such Authority as aforesaid, did further establish certain other Provisions for the better Administration of Justice in the said Provinces } in pursuance of which the said Office of Supervisor was abolished, and the said Districts were changed into Divisions, several of the said Districts forming One Division; and all the Powers, Rights, and Authorities exercised by the said Supervisors, were transferred and veiled in a Provincial Council; which said Provincial Council was to consist of a President and Four other Members, being Covenanted Servants of the Company aforesaid: That the said Provincial Council, so constituted and appointed as

aforesaid, were empowered to be, fit, and aft, as Courts of Justice and Boards of Revenue for the said Divisions, and were further enjoined) when fitting and acting as such Court of Justice, to follow and obey the same Rules, Orders, and Regulations which had been followed and obeyed by the aforesaid Supervisors, at such Time as they the said Supervisors were used and accustomed to fit and aft as Judges of the said Courts of Justice for the said Districts as aforesaid.

That the said President and Council, having such Authority as aforesaid, did duly create and establish a certain Provincial Council at Patna, in the Province of Babar aforesaid, with full Powers to be, fit, and aft as a Court of Justice in the Province of Babar aforesaid: That the said Provincial Council of Patnaf as well as all and every other Provincial Cquncils so appointed as aforesaid, were, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Regulations, &?f. used and accustomed to refer such Suits and Actions as seemed to-them, from being involved in Questions of Mahomedan Law, to require such Reference, and where the Parties to the said Suits or Actions were or should be Ijlabomedans, to certain Moulavies, or public Offi-

cers of the Mahomedan Law, called by the Name of the Cawzees and Muftecs, which said Cawzees and Mustees were ancient and known judicial Officers of the Mahomedan Government in Hindostan, previous to the Establishment of the British Government there j the Cawzee being, under such Government as aforesaid, the Judge of all Claims of Inheritance or Succession, and the Mustees being the Expounders of the Law j the Province of the said Mustees being, after having heard the Parties and Evidences, to declare the Law, applicable to the Cafes in Question; and the Province of the said Cawzee being to pronounce Judgment accordingly: That as often as any such Reference was made, the said Cawzee and Mustees were used to examine the Suits and Actions so referred to them; and having heard the Parties, by their Vakeels or Attornies, and the Evidence on both Sides, according to the Laws and Customs of the Mabome-dans, were used to deliver in to the said Councils a Report upon the said Suit or Action so referred to them as aforesaid, agreeable to the said Mahomedan Customs or Laws, whereupon the said Councils were used to give and pass Judgment in the said Suit of Action, subject to an Appeal to the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adawlut aforesaid, and to no other Court or Jurisdiction whatsoever: That the Act of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, Cap. 63, which abolished the said Presidency at Fort William in Bengal as aforesaid, and appointed in lieu thereof a Governor General and Council, with full Powers for the ordering, managing, and governing the said Territorial Acquisitions, being in the Possession of the United Company as aforesaid, did not in anywise repeal or annul any of the said Powers and Rights so vested in the said Provincial Councils by the President and Council of Fort William as aforesaid: That the said Governor General and Council, having full Powers for the ordering, managing, and governing the said Provinces, as aforesaid, did continue the said Provincial Council of Patna, as well as the said other Provincial Councils, in the Use and Exercise of all their said accustomed Powers, Rights, and Authorities as aforesaid, subject to Appeals to them the said Governor and Council, as constituting the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adawlut, and to no other, in all Cafes whatsoever: That the said Cawzee and Mustees, being such Officers of the Mahomedan Law as aforesaid, did, to the Knowledge, and with the Consent and Approbation of the said Governor General and Council, exercise the Powers and Duties of hearing and determining Causes between Mahomedant so referred to them by the said Provincial Councils

as

as aforesaid, and did report upon the same in Manner and Form as they had been used and accustomed to do ever since the Establishment of such Courts as aforesaid, under the Authority of the Government, and were, by their Skill in the Laws, Languages, Manners, Customs, and Religion of the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces, eminently qualified for the Execution of the aforesaid Trusts reposed in them: That at Patna aforesaid, in the Province of Bahar aforesaid, in the Year of our Lord 1777, a certain Suit was commenced in the Court of the Provincial Council of Patna, then and there fitting and acting as a Court of Justice, between -der Beg Khan, Nephew and adopted Son of one Shabbar Beg Khan, deceased, a Native of Caloul, and Nauderah Begum, Widow of the said Shabbar; in which the said Babader Beg claimed his Share of the Inheritance of the Deceased, according to the Ma-bomedan Law, and did present a Petition to the said Provincial Council of Patna, {fating his Right to the said Inheritance, and that the Widow was secreting and removing the Effects of the Deceased, and therefore prayed, that the Officers of Justice Should be stationed to prevent such Removal, " and that an Order Should be issued to the Cawzee, to ascertain " his Right, and having established his Right, that " the said Cawzee Should give Information to the said " Provincial Council, in order that he, the Petitioner, might obtain his Right." — That such Suit, the Parties being Mahomedans, according to the Prayer of the said Petition, and the Practice of the Courts, was referred by the said Provinical Council to a certain Cawzee, and certain Mufties, by Name Cawzee Sadhi, Muftie Barnctoolah, and Muftie Gullaum Muck-

doom, being Officers versed in the Mahomedan Law, belonging to the said Court, according to the usual Practice of the said Provincial Council of Patna, and the true Intent and Meaning of the Powers, Rights, and Authorities, so continued to them by the said Governor General and Council of Bengal as aforesaid, and the true Intent and Meaning of the said Regulations; according to the Tenor of which, it was their Duty to adminiflrer Justice in the said Province of Bahar: That the said Suit was duly proceeded upon, according to the Usage and Practice of the Courts aforesaid; and the said Cawzee and Mufties did, according to the Duty of their Office, the Practice of former Times, and the absolute Command of their Superiors, examine the Witnesses, and did regularly report the Evidence, and their Opinion upon the Validity of certain Deeds, under which the said Nauderah Begum did claim the Property of the Deceased, to the Provincial Council, and after recapitulating the Evidence, did conclude the same in Bubftance as follows: — " That as it appeared to them, " from their Enquiry, the Will and Deed of Gift under which the Widow claimed, were spurious, 4< and not deserving of Credit, from many Circumstances j that as the contradictory Relations of Coja *c Zekereab (the Representative of the Widow) did

t( confirm their Belief of their being so; as an Ekrar Aum, viz.another of the Deeds relied on by the

" Widow, was not of itself sufficient to secure Succession to the Inheritance; and as the Marriage * Settlement, which was another of the Deeds relied on by the Widow, was- not produced to them; and of as Coja Zekereab founded the Widow’s Claim upon " all the Three together^ and as, in Short, every " Thing urged on the Part of Coja Zekereab wanted " Support} and, on the other Hand, s

tf Story appeared clear and explicit j they therefore recommended, that, exclusive of some Property in Ultumgaw, which composed no Part of the In-

heritance, all the Property of the Deceased Should " be divided imo Four Parts, whereof Three Should

" be given in Trust to Behader Khan, his Father being the legal Heir of the Deceased, and himself the iC adopted Son, and the remaining One to " the Widow of the Deceased:" — And the Provincial Council aforesaid did, upon receiving the above Report, and the same not being excepted against, nor in anywise objected to (although the said Nauderah Begum, or her said Representative or Vakeel the said Coja Zekereab, had Notice thereof) give Judgment

according thereto; which said Judgment neither was at the Time, nor has it been since, appealed against, nor anywise objected to, according to any 5f die Forms in Use in the said Provinces, for appealing from, or impeaching Judgments given by, the Provincial Councils.

That in Consequence of the said Judgment, a Perwannah or Precept was issued to the said Cawzee Sadhi, Muftie Barnctcclah, and Muftie Gullaum Muck-

deem, by the said Provincial Council, for die Execution of the said Judgment, according to the Tenor thereof: That the said Cawzee 'Sadhi, Muftie tcoLih, and Muftie Gull aura whose Duty it

was to execute the Proccls of the fin’d Court, did, according to the Exigency of the said PerSvannah or Precept, and according to the belt of their Judgment and Ability, execute the fame: That subsequent to the said Judgment and the Execution following thereupon, the said Nauderah Begum did, on the Day of in the Year of our E^ord 1779,

commence an Addon of Trespass, in the Supreme Court of Justice herein after mentioned, against the said Cawzee Sadhi, Muftie Barnctoolah, and Muftie Gullaum Muckdoom,f<or the Part which they had taken in making the said Report, and in executing the Judgment aforesaid, according to the Orders and Commands of their Superiors, and against the said Babader Beg, for the Part which he had taken in claiming his Rights as aforesaid.

That in pursuance of the said A eft, made in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, certain Letters Patent issued under the Great Seal, appointing and establishing a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, with Power to exercise all Civil and other Jurisdiction, in Manner and Form as is in the said Act and the said Letters Patent mentioned: That Sir Elijah Inpcy, at that Time Eljah Impey, Esquire, was nominated and ap-

pointed, by the said Letters Patent, to the Office of Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court of Judicature.

That the Powers and Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court are, by the said Act of Parliament and Letters Patent, strictly and clearly defined and limited: That the said Elijah Impey, and the other Judges of the said Supreme Court, had, by the said Letters Patent, full Power and Authority to make such Orders for their Proceedings as the Justice of the same Should seem to require, and to hear the respective Allegations of Parties, and to give Judgment according to Justice and Right: That the said Court of Judicature was formed upon Principles materially different from those which form the Balls of Courts of Justice, the Judges of the said Court of Judicature having the Province both of Judge and Jury assigned to them; and the said Supreme Court, or the Judges of the fame, were not bound to adopt Modes and Forms of Proceeding inapplicable to the Principles of its Formation, and to the State and Condition of the Inhabitants of the Country over whom they were to administer Justice; but, on the contrary, were bound to govern and demean themselves, in Cafes within their Jurisdiction, according to the Laws of England, as nearly only as the Circumstances and the Condition of the same might seem to require, and so far as the Circumstances and Occasions of

1 the

the said Provinces (meaning the Provinces of Beng

bar, and Orijfa) ana People (meaning the Natives of the

laid Provinces) should admit and require :.That the said Sir ElijahImpey well knew that he was not bound to follow strictly and technically the Forms and Pro* ceedings used in the CouTts of Law and

well knew that it was his Duty to accommodate both the Principles and Practice used in the Courts of Law in England to the Manners, Customs, Laws, and Religion of the Native Inhabitants over whom he was lent to administer Justice; that such Accommodation was essential to the great Ends of Justice, and to the fulfilling the beneficent Intentions of the Legiflarure, and the gracious Commands of His Majesty, communicated to the said Impey by the said Letters Patent, and to the determining according to Justice and Right.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey has frequently declared it to be his Duty to vary the Forms of Proceedings, and to depart from and vary the Rules of Pleading used in the Law of England, according to the Circumstances of the Country, and has frequently exercised the Power and Authority so to do.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey is therefore highly culpable and grossly Criminal, if ever he permitted the rooted Prejudices of the Native Inhabitants of Bengal, &c. to be Ihocked, their Principles of Government overset, their Judges and Magistrates disgraced, and their Laws and Religion violated, by too ftrilt an Adherence to Laws framed for another State of Society, other Manners, and a different Religion: That the said Sir Elijah Impey was still more grossly Criminal if he permitted all this to be done from a rigid Adherence to Form and not to Substance, to technical and minute Niceties, and not to leading, fblid, and essential Principles; and such a Conduit, if ever followed, cannot be aferibed to Ignorance or Error in Judgment (if Ignorance in a Chief Justice could be an Excuse) but must be aferibed to Injustice, Partiality, Corruption, and an outrageous Lust for Power and Authority.

That the said Supreme Court was by no Part of the said Alt of Parliament or Letters Patent, authorized to supersede the established Powers and Authorities of the Courts to which the Native Inhabitants of the said Provinces had been accustomed to resort for the due and regular Administration of Justice, according to their own Manners, Forms, Laws, Customs, and Religion; or in any same whatsoever to hold Pleas of Trespass, &c. against any of the said Natives, of what Religion soever, except in the Cafes herein after mentioned, that is to say, First, where such Native should be, or should have been, directly or indirectly, in the Service of the United Company of Merchants trading to the East; and Se-

condly, where the Cause of Altion should arise upon a Contralt or Agreement in Writing above the Value of 500 Current Rupees,-and wherein the said Parties Should have-mutually agreed, that in case of Dispute, the Matter Should be determined in the Supreme Court; in which last same only the Supreme Court was authorized and empowered, whenever any such Altion Should have been first commenced in any of the Country Courts of Justice, on the Petition of either Party suggesting such Agreement in Writing, on Oath, to award and issue a Writ or Precept di-relted to either of the said Parties, commanding him or them immediately to surcease proceeding in the said Suit, and was thereupon itself empowered to hear and determine the said Suit.

That the said several Powers exercised by the Provincial Councils as aforesaid, and permitted by the said Alt of Parliament and Letters Patent to be exer'-cifed by the said Supreme Court of Judicature, were wholly diltinlt, separate, and independant Powers and Authorities.

Vol. XLIII. '

That the said Provincial Cotihcils were fiot irt arty-wife bound to proceed according to the Laws of England:That from the very Nature of their Con-d ftitution, and the Objelts principally within their Jurisdiction, such Proceedings would have been im- possible, because the Laws, Manners, Customs, and Religion of the Natives of the said Provinces differ eflfentially and fundamentally from the Laws, Manners, Customs, and Religion of the British Subjects.

That the said Supreme Court possessed no Jurisdiction, either Original or Appellant, over the said Provincial Courts, and was not authorized, under any Pretence whatsoever; to controul or interfere with the Process of the said Courts: That; in the Angle same of a written Agreement between the Parties in a Cause, the said Supreme Court was authorized to' stay Proceedings by a Writ direlied to the Parties; but that the said Writ could not extend to the Judges of the said Provincial Court, in any same or under any Pretence whatsoever.

That the said Provincial Councils, and the Members and Officers thereof, were not therefore, in anywise or under any Pretence whatsoever, responsible to the said Supreme Court, for any Alts done or omitted to be done by them in the Course of their Judicial Administration.

That as neither the final Judgment nor the intermediate Process of the said Provincial Councils was, either directly or indirectly, subject to the Controul of the Supreme Court; so neither could the Officers, appointed by the said Provincial Councils to execute such Process as Should be direlted to them, whether' intermediate or final, be taken or understood to be, in anywise or under any Colour or Fiftion whatsoever, subject to the Authority of the Supreme Court.

That the said Impey well knew, that if it had been in the Contemplation of the Legislature of this Country, providing, as they endeavoured, a Remedy for the Defelts and Failures of former judicial Establishments, by the Creation of the Supreme Court, to entrust the said Court with the Administration of Justice among the Natives, it could not pofllbly have escaped their Wisdom or their Benevolence, to have invested the said Supreme Court, either with a direlt and intelligible Authority to hear and determine all Causes between the Natives in the first Instance, or with an ultimate Appellant Jurisdiction from the Sentence of the said Country Courts.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey well knew that the Intention of Parliament was directly opposite to such a Construction; having himself declared from the Bench, upon his Arrival at Bengal, that the said Letters Patent were not meant in anywise to extend to the established Courts of Judicature, to which the Native Inhabitants of the Provinces had been accustomed to resort.

That an Altion of Trespass was commenced as aforesaid by the said Nauderab Begum, against the said Bahader Beg, and the said Cauzee and Mustees, for the Alts done by them as aforesaid, the one as Suitor, and the others as Officers ailing under the Orders of the Provincial Council as aforesaid.

That in Prosecution of a wicked and arbitrary Design of extending his own Authority and that of the said Supreme Court, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and of destroying the Confidence

of the Natives in the Administration of Justice in their own Courts, and the established Government under which they lived, of rendering the due and regular Execution of those high Trulls with which the Judges of the Mahomedan Law were invested, dangerous to themselves, and unprofitable to the People, he the said Impey did proceed in the said Cause to Trial and Judgment.

That in the Course of the Proceedings in the said Altion, the said Elijah Impey did betray many In-

I i fiances

in i2° Decentbris. A. 1787.

stances of gross and notorious 'Injustice, and of fla- reded not to admit the said Defendants, or any of grant and malicious Partiality, contrary to the sacred them, to Bail, under the enormous Sum of Four Obligations of his Office, to that Purity of Charac- hundred thousand Rupees, or Forty-four thousand ter necessary for the adequate Discharge of its Duties, Pounds, a Sum greatly exceeding that in which it is and to the solemn Pledge of his Oath. well known that Offenders, accused in the most so-

That by the Letters Patent constituting the said lemn Manner of the most atrocious Crimes and Mif-Suprcmc Court of Judicature, and in Prosecution of demeanors, have been admitted to Bail} and the said the beneficent Design of accommodating the Laws of I was thereby guilty of deliberate Cruelty and England to the Circumstances and Situation of the In- wanton Oppression towards the said Defendants, and habitants of Bengal, Babar, and Orijfa, the said Su- of a daring Infraction of the Principles of Justice.

preme Court were authorized, in all Civil Suits td That the said Writ was, on the 13th of December issue a Precept in the Nature of a Summons to the 1777, executed on the said Babader Beg and the said Defendant, containing a (hart Notice of the Cause Cauzee Scidbee j that the said Cauzee was seized in the of Action, and commanding the Party to appear be- public Street, in the midst of his Attendants, as he fore them, upon a Plaint being filed of Record in the was returning from the Exercise of the Duties of his said Court; and if the Cause of Action (hoqld be Office in the Dewannee Cutchery, one of the Courts of Personal, and of more Value than 100 Current Ru- Criminal Justice in Patna aforesaid. pecs, and the same should be verified by Oath, or That this disgraceful Arrest struck the Inhabitants Affirmation, as the same might require j or if the of the City of Patna with universal Consternation: Party filing the Plaint as aforesaid Should by Affidavit That such a Proceeding, against a Person (landing in verify to the Satisfaction of the said Supreme Court of the high Rank and important Office of Cauzee, was Judicature, a same of such enormous Personal Wrong as peculiarly repugnant to the Manners and Prejudices Should, in the Opinion of the said Court, require of the Natives: That such public Arrest of a Ma-Security for the Appearance of the Defendants; then gistrate tended cither to degrade the said Defendant the said Supreme Court were authorized to issue, in (n the Opinions of Men, by impressing them with the lieu of such Summons as aforesaid, a Writ or War- Belief of his Guilt, or to render the Administration of rant to the Sheriff, commanding him to arrest such B Justice an Object of Disgust to the Natives, by Defendant, and to take from him Security, to be ap- creating in them an Apprehension of its unexampled proved of by the said Supreme Court, that he would Severity.

stand to and perform the Judgment of the fame. That in Consequence of the said enormous Sum in

That the true Sense and Meaning of the above, and which Bail was demanded as aforesaid, and in Confe-other Clauses in the said Letters Patent, was, that quence of the unjust Rigour and wicked Orders of Parries might not be held to Bail on frivolous Accu- him the said Sir Elijah Impey (who, if he had made fations, or in Sums far exceeding the possible Amount any Enquiry into the Nature of the same charged of their Fortunes s and left that, which was only a upon the said Defendants, must have known that the Means of compelling an Appearance and Obedience . said supposed Trespass was committed by them acting to such Judgment as Should be pronounced, Should be in their Official Capacity, and under the Orders of converted into an Instrument of grievous Oppression: their Superiors, and that they were Men in Circum-That the said Impey well knew that the Exaction of dances and Situation of Life far from opulent) the said exorbitant Bail is one of those arbitrary Devices, by Defendants must have been dragged to , a

the Help of which the word and moil profligate of Place situated at the Distance of 500 Miles from their Judges have been used in the worst of Times to trarri- Families and Friends, and must have languished in pie upon the Liberties of Mankind. Prison, had not the Provincial Council, astonished at

That the said Impey well knew, that by the Practice the grievous Oppression of the Cafe, and justly alarm-of the English Courts of Justice, no Bail whatsoever, ed for the Consequence of this Proceeding, and the Ef-except common or nominal Bail, is required in Ac- fest it was likely to produce on the Minds of the Peo-tiens of Trespass, Battery, Assault, Conspiracy, and pie, agreed, Two Days after the said Arrest of Cauzee false Imprisonment, unless upon Motion or Order S, to offer Bail for his Appearance at Calcutta 5 made by a Court or a Judge: That such Order never assigning the following Reasons for taking on them-is made without due Enquiry into the Nature and selves to offer the said Bail, in their Letter to thcGo-Circumstances of the Tran faction j and when made, vernor General and Council at Fort William: the Sum in which Bail is required is modified accord- " The Seizure of the Cauzee in this disgraceful ing to the Circumstances and the Situation of the Manner, coming from the Execution of his Office, Defendant, left such a Security Should be more of- " has struck a general Terror into the Inhabitants of preflive than any possible Consequence of appearing, " this City. We thought it therefore expedient, for and left to be accused should become in itself a worse the Honour of the Government, and Preservatioi) Punishment than to be convicted. " of its Authority, to offer the Bail required, for the

That the said Elijah Impey, disregarding the whole- " Enlargement of one of its First Officers; and we some Provisions of the Letters Patent under which he were greatly disappointed when we found it could acted, the mild Practice of British Courts of Justice, " not be effected without further Orders from the although he has, in other Instances, endeavoured to *. Court.

cover his Crimes, and shelter his Oppressions, by an Much more might be said to shew what little Adherence to the Principles and Practice of those Respect can be expected to be paid in future to the Courts in Cafes where the same were not applicable to Decrees of the Dewannee Courts, the total I lithe Situation and Circumstances of the Natives, In- consistency of this double Government, and the habitants of Bengal, Babar, and Orija \ and in open Cruelty and Hardships which Individuals are ex-

Contempt and Defiance of the Spirit of the English posed to by it; did we not know that these Cir-Law, did, without any due and sufficient Enquiry " cumstances are too apparent to need further Argu-into the Nature of the Cafe, or the Situation of the " ments from us, and that the Inconveniences at-said Defendants, and with a View to harrass and of- tending such an incongruous System, must appear press the said Defendants in the said Allion, and in their proper Light to you. So far We have taken procure them to be imprisoned for a long Time, " the Liberty to act, and we flatter ourselves our Con-previous to the Trial of the said Action, wantonly, " dull will meet with your Approbation.

Knowingly, and maliciously issue a Writ against all The Business of the Phoufdarry must be totally, the said Defendants, with a Clause, in which the She- " and of the Dewannee Courts in a great Measure, riff having the Execution of the said Writ, was db> * suspended, till Measures are taken for the Release-' - 4 " ment

a8 Geo. III. 11° Decemiris. 123

rnent of the Cauzee; nor can we expect the other Officers of these Courts to carry any Orders of Consequence into Execution, till they are allured u of Safety and Protection in the Discharge of their " Duty."

That on tendering the said Bail to the said Amount, the Sheriff’s Officer having the Execution of the said Writ, informed the said Provincial Council, that he could not, agreeable to his Instructions, accept of any Bail without first mentioning it, and receiving further Orders from the Court.

That the said Sheriff’s Officer further informed the said Council, that his Orders in this same were particularly strict, and that the Parties could not, as it was usual for Persons arrested, be allowed to remain in their own Houses until the Time for carrying them away, but -mult remain in Boats on the River till he had further Directions in what Manner to dispose of them.

That in Consequence of the refusing the said Tender of Bail, and of the said further Orders given to the said Sheriff’s Officer, the said Cauzee was dragged from his House, and kept in hard and rigorous Confinement for a long Time in a Boat'on the River, that is to say, until the said Sheriff’s Officer could send to Calcutta, in thp Province of Bengal, at the Distance of 500 Miles as aforesaid, and until he could receive an Answer land further Directions as to the Disposal of the said Prisoners; and that the said Cauzee and Babader Beg were not set at Liberty until Sixteen Days after the said Arrest, at which Time the said Sheriffs Officer had received Instructions from Calcutta aforesaid to admit all the Defendants to Bail.

That when the said Action of Trespass, so commenced as aforesaid by the said Nauderab Begum against the said Defendants, came on to be tried in the Supreme Court before the said Elijah Impey, Babader Beg Khan,one/ of the Defendants to the said

Action, did offer a certain Plea, in the Nature of a Plea to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, setting forth, that he was not within the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court, he the said Babader Beg being neither directly nor indirectly in the Service of the East India Company, being only a Security for One of the Renters of Part of the DistriCls in the Provinces aforesaid.

That in Support of the said Plea, William Young, Esquire, One of the Members of the said Council at Patna, deposed, " That he did not know that the said " Babader Beg held any Employ under the Company, " or under the Provincial Council at Patna: That " he could not hold any such Employ without the " Knowledge of him the said William That

" the Provinces of Gbtdore and Amertoo were let to c< Farm to one Zulficar AH, between whom and the " said Provincial Council written Engagements had " been entered into; and that the said Babader Beg " was Security for the said Zulficar Ali: That the " Security was sometimes in Fact the Principal, but that there was nothing particular to make him, the said Young, suspect that Babader Beg was the Prin-* cipal: That until Failure of the Principal, it is not a Question with Government whether they shall " come upon the Security for the Balance."

That nevertheless the said Impey did, by a forced and unjufiifiable Construction of the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, and the Letters Patent issued in Consequence of the said Act as aforesaid, and by a forced and unjustifiable Perversion of the Evidence of the said William Young, Esquire, maintain and decide, that the said Babader Beg was the real Farmer of the said DistriCls of Gbtdore and Amtr-too, and was thereby within the Meaning of the said Act and Letters Patent; and under those Pretences

did disallow and over-rule the said Plea to the Jurisdiction of the said Supreme Court.

That the violent and arbitrary Proceedings of the said Impey, in thus extending the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court to Persons over whom the said Act and Letters Patent had given him no Authority whatsoever, was not only an Act of great Injustice and Oppression towards the said Babader Begy'rn subjecting him to the Power and Influence 6f Laws which he could not know; but was calculated to excite (and did in Fadl excite) a general Alarm among all Ranks of Persons, and deter the Natives from undertaking the Management or Improvement of the Farms; and tended thereby essentially to injure the Revenues and weaken the Authority of the India Company.

That in Consequence of the Opinion delivered by the said Impey on the said Plea to the Jurisdidlton (wthereby it was declared, that the having once held a Farm, or been a Security for a Farmer of the Revenues, shall subject such Person for ever after, in all Cafes whatsoever, to the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court of Judicature) Various Petitions and Remonstrances were presented to the said Provincial Council of Patna: That in particular the principal Natives and Renters of the rich Province of Babar did, by Petition and Remonstrance to the said Council, uepnefent the extreme Hardships and Misery of their Situation, dating, " That they had not the " smallest Knowledge of the Laws and Customs of the English Court; that those Laws were formed for

another State of Society, Religion, and Country; *« that their own Courts were regulated by the Laws *« and Customs of their own Country, and that the Gentlemen appointed to preside in them, were or-« dered to decide according to the ancient Constitu* tiens; that to these they repaired without Fear; they pleaded their Causes themselves, or through *« their Vakeels, in their own Manner, no Expence or " Delay attending the Process; that the Regulations " were so framed that Justice might, be dispensed to " all, and yet a due Attention and Support be given «« to the Collections; that Farmers and Zemindars " were not to be called in, on any Account, during " the Season of the Harvest; but that since the Decifion of the Supreme Court, no one would pay the lead Regard to the Time when the Settlement and Collections most required their Presence in the " Pergunnah Sarejfa, but that they might be dragged " away by a Warrant in the Night, without having " Time to settle their Affairs.

" That many of them could not pay a Deputy to " take Charge of the Collections; and that if they <c could, the Ryots would not regard a Deputy when " they Should fee the Principal seized like a Robber, " and hurried away to a Place whence it was possible " he might never return.

« That Consequence and Authority are absolutely " necessary to enforce the Collections, for that the " Ryots are always glad of any Pretext to elude the " Payment of their Rents; but who would venture to " enforce the Payment of them, when he Should renr " der himself liable by it to an Action of Trespass in " an English Court of Justice, and to be dragged " away, to the Distance of or 500 Miles, at the Suit " of the most litigious or contumacious Person in the " Pergunnah?

" That even after Acquittal their same is equally of deplorable: Turned forth from Prison at an immense Distance from his Friends and his Home, the " Farmer, on his Return, finds his Credit, loft, and his "Farm, his foie Dependance, perhaps ruined, or gone into other Hands, while he is (till answerable for his " Arrears to Government, with whom no Plea of " what he had suffered would be heard in Miti-« gation.

« That

124 ix° Decembris. 1787.

" That having the n> for the first Time, after the u Supreme Court had existed Four Years, heard of Mt their being amenable to its Jurisdiction, and not having been aware of it at the Time they made " their Agreements with Government, they beg to of relinquish their Farms, and retire with their Fami-

lies, into another Country."

That besides the said Plea to the Jurisdiction so pleaded to the said Babader Beg, the said and the said other Defendants pleaded the General Issue Not Guilty to the said Actions 5 and further, delivered in Two separate Notices of Jollification, under the Authority of a Rule of the said Supreme Court, whereby Defendants were enabled to give the special Matter in Evidence ujjon delivering a Notice of the same to the Plaintiffs, the true Object and Intent of which Rule was to enable Defendants to go into the Merits of their Cafes, without being hampered with all those Niceties with which special Pleas in Jullification are attended in the 'Practice of the British Courts of Justice.

That the Jullification of Babader Beg Hated, that he took Possession of the Portion of the Goods allotted him under the Judgment of a Court competent to hold Cognizance of his Suit; and that all the Acts whereof the Plaintiff had complained against him, were Acts done by him as a Suitor in the said Court, humbly soliciting Justice in the fame.

That under Pretence of administering Justice according to the English Laws, and the Rules and Practice on Proceedings in England, the said Impey, after hearing the Arguments in Support of the said Plea of Jullification, arbitrarilyover-ruled the fame, and would not permit the said Babader Beg to enter into Proof of the Allegations contained therein.

That the false Pretence under which the said Impey over-ruled the said Notice of Jullification, was as follows, that is to say. That the said Notice did not cover all the Counts in the Plaint exhibited by the Plaintiff Nauderab Begum; thereby attempting to apply Rules and Maxims supposed to be applicable to special Pleas of Jollification in England, to a same totally distinct and different, and to a same which it had been the Object of a particular Rule framed by himself, to take out of all those Rules and Maxims which he the said Impey, in Defiance of the Justice of the Cafe, and of the true Sense and Spirit of his own Rules and Regulations, thus applied to them; and the said Babader Beg was thereby precluded from going into that which would, and in Justice ought, to have been a full and compleat Jullification.

That by the said Letters Patent issued in pursuance of the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty as aforesaid, the said Elijah Impey was in no wife enjoined to proceed according to the strict and technical Formalities adopted in the Proceedings of British Courts, whenever the essential Distribution of Justice might suffer by too rigid an Adherence to them; but on the contrary, was permitted by the said Letters Patent to exercise a discretionary Power of relaxing the said Forms of Practice, in whatever Degree the substantial Justice of the same Should seem to require.

That the said Impey was therefore well and duly apprized, that he was not bound to proceed according to those Principles of Practice which formed a Rule of Conduct of which he knew the Defendant to be ignorant: That it was his Duty.to use the Discretion with which His Majesty in His said Letters Patent had inverted him, to relax the Severity of those Forms whenever they should Hand in the Way of the essential Administration of Justice: That in the present Instance the Jullification of Babader Beg, even admitting that it was not drawn with due technical Skill and Propriety, did, in Point of Fast, meet

and deny the Wrong and Injury with which he was charged.

That the true Administration of Justice to the Natives in India will be rendered utterly impracticable if a Judge, catching at the Semblance of a Departure from the rigid Forms and Mysteries of English special Pleading, shall be authorized to deny a Defendant the Right of going into the Merits of his Cafe, and of justifying himself by his own Usage* and Laws.

That in thus perverting the Rules of Proceeding, under the Pretence of being compelled to govern himself according to the most rigid Forms and Principles of Pleading adopted in the British Courts, and applying the same to Cafes totally different and dif-tinct, and to which he well knew they were wholly inapplicable, the said Impey committed great and wanton Injustice towards the said Defendant; that he thereby proved himself to be a partial and corrupt Judge, and was guilty of a High Crime and Misdeameanour.

That the said other Defendants, Cauzee Mustee Barucktoolab, and Mustee Gullaum did also offer to the said Impey another Notice of Justification, Hating, " That the Council of Patna were " a Court of Justice for the Province of Bahar; that *c they, the Defendants, were Officers attending the said ,c Courts that all Civil Suits arising within the Jurisdiction of, and brought before, the said Provincial '* Council, where the Parties were were

" used to be determined according to the Mabomedan u Law, and for that Purpose were referred to certain Moulavies or public and known Officers, versed in

the Mabomedan Law, and called by the Name of " Cauzee and Mustees; which said Officers upon hearing the Parties, or their Vakeels, made a Report to the said Council of j and that thereupon the Court of Provincial Council passed Judgment upon the fame, subject to an Appeal to the " Governor General and Council at Fort William, &c. " That an Action was commenced in the said Court, " in which Nauderab Begum, the Plaintiff in this present Action, was Defendant; that the said Action was " referred to them the said Defendants, being Cauzee " and Mustees attending the said Court} that they " did proceed to examine the said Suit according to " the Mabomedan Laws, and having heard the Parties, " did make a Report of the same to the said Council " of Patna, who thereupon passed Judgment, and if- sued Process of Execution accordingly} and that " all and every the Acts complained of by the said " Nauderab Begum in the said Plaint filed, &c. as " Trespasses, were no Trespasses, but Acts done by " the said Defendants in their respective Capacities " of Cauzee and Mustees - as aforesaid, and as their Duty in such Capacities required."

That the said Elijah Impey did also over-rule the said Jullification pleaded by the said other Defendants, under Colour and Pretence of a supposed Maxim of the Laws of England, Delegatus non potejt delegare; that is to say, that the said Provincial Council of Patna, possessing only a delegated Authority themselves, had no Right to delegate such Authority to others, which, upon the Face of the Jollification, they had done in the present Instance; and under a further Pretence* that it did not appear upon the Face of the Justifica-tien, by what Authority the Council of Patna rieferred Actions to the said Cauzees and Muftees} although it was dated upon the Face of the said Notice of Justification, that the constant Usage and Practice had been, ever since the Iijftitution of such Courts, ta make such References, and the same were id Sense and Substance Part of the Constitution of the said Courts.

That the said Impey well knew that the said Maxim

of

by

of Delegatus non potejl delegare, did riot universally prevail even in that Code of Jurisprudence which he pretended to make his Example and his Rule for the Distribution of Jutfice: But that the Application of the said Maxim to the same of a Mahomedan Defendant, justifying his Procee'dings as a Mahomedan Magistrate compelled to act under the Orders of a Court of Justice erected and fcftablished by British Subjects, was in the highest Degree injurious and oppressive.

That the said Impey well knew, that neither by the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, nor by the Letters Patent issued as aforesaid in Consequence of the said Act, he possessed any Right to interfere with, or controul, or reverse, any Acts or Judgments, or any Proceeding whatsoever, of the native Mahomedan Courts: That all illegal Proceedings of the said Courts,.if any there Should be, were removable by Appeal to another Tribunal, namely, the President and Council, and, after the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, the Governor General and Council at Fort William: That if the Rights and Authorities of any Body of Men, either in their individual Capacity, or incorporated as a Court of Justice, were infringed or invaded by the Practice of referring Causes usually adopted by the Provincial Councils, they were not the Rights of the Supreme Court Judicature, but of the Governor General and Council: That the said Governor General and Council had not only tolerated, but approved, -the Practice which was adjudged by the said Impey to be Criminal and illegal, as it tended to reconcile the Natives to the Government of the East India Company, by suffering them to live under the Influence of those Institutions which they had been accustomed to reverence and obey.

That the said- Impey further knew that he was mif-

applying this Maxim of Delegatus.non potejl delegare, for the Purpose of Oppression and Injustice; as it appeared on the Face of the Justification of the said Defendants, that in Causes where only Mahomedans were Parties, the said Defendants being Cauzee and Mustees as aforesaid, did possess, and were from Time immemorial accustomed to exercise Jurisdiction.

That such Jurisdiction was not diverted or taken away from them by any Thing contained in the said Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, appointing a Governor General and Council to preside over and order all Things for the Government arid Administration of Justice in the Territorial Possessions of the said East India Company: That the Perwannah or Precept issuing from the said Provincial Council, tinder which the said Defendants acted, as aforesaid, was an Order to judicial Officers for the Exercise of an Authority which they had been used and accustomed to exercise from Time immemorial.

That the said Impey further knew that the Defendants, being such Mahomedan Officers as aforesaid, were bound to obey the Perwannah or Precept so issued to them as aforesaid, according to the Exigency thereof: That he well knew that it was not competent to the said Defendants to esquire,.nor, if it was competent, had they the Means of enquiring, whether the Authority usually exercised by the Provincial Council of Patna, their immediate Superiors, in referring Causes to their Investigation, were or were not contrary to the Terms of the Appointment of the said Provincial Councils, or an Invasion of the paramount Rights and Authorities of the Governor General and Council, or a Breach of any Maxim of the Laws of England: That the Cauzee and Mustees stood in the Condition of Subjects of a State which had parted under the Dominion of the British Arms: That to provoke a Discussion of speculative Points, and to stir up a Question of so delicate and dangerous a Tendency, as in what Degree the said Defendants ought or ought not to yield Obedience to the Orders Vol.XLIII.

of the said Provincial Courts, was an Act of aggra^ vated Criminality in the said Elijah Impey; inasmuch as the said Impey,by passing Judgment against thfc said Defendants, not only declared his Sense to be iri Favour of a Principle which, if followed up by other' Mahomedan Officers in Gmilar Situations, must have produced universal Anarchy, or univeffal Revolt throughout the Provinces, but sanctioned thaft Opinion by an Act which operated as a Punishmeri’t on the said Defendants, for not having furnished an Example of Rebellion to the Natives of in a pofi-tive Resistance to the Orders of the Provincial Court of Patna.

That according to the Analogy of the Laws of England, which the said Impey has often affected to make the Rule of his Conduct, and according to the Analogy of the Acts made for the Protection of Officers acting under the Orders of Courts of Justice, of by virtue of Writs or Warrants from them, the said Impey ought to have permitted the said Perwannah to have been given in Evidence upon the Plea of Not Guilty, as a Justification, without compelling the tri to prove that which it was impossible for Men in their Situation to prove; viz the Regularity of the Pro-, ceedings of the said Council, and the Regularity of their respective Appointments j and which Irregularity, if it had existed, it would have been impossible for them to have offered to the said Council as a Ground for tefufing Obedience to the said Perwannah in the First Instance.

That if this Authority was original and not delegated, the said Elijah Impey was highly Criminal in applying it to the present Defendants, and cannot be justified under the comriiori Fallibility of humad Judgment.

That if the said Authority was delegated and not! original, the said Impey,besides being guilty of a High

Crime and Misdemeanor in endeavouring to stir up the Discussion of dangerous Questions, as to the Limits at which the Obedience of the Natives to the ruling Authority ought to stop, was further guilty of a Criminal Omission of his Duty, in not exercising the Discretion with which the said Letters Patent had inverted him, and dispensing with a Maxim of the English Law, which he knew was not universal, in a same in which it was notoriously impossible that the Parties Defendant could by any Means have had Notice of its Tendency and Operation.

That the said Impey was further guilty of a wanton Perversion of the English Laws, in calling upon the said Defendants to establish the Legality of their own Acts under the Authority of the Provincial Council, further than in obeying the Exigency of the Perwannah so directed to them as aforesaid: That the Professional Experience of the said Impey well enabled him to know that Officers, having the Execution of any Writs that issue out of the Courts to which they belong, cannot, under any Pretence whatsoever, dispute the Authority, or object any Irregularity in the Proceedings in Consequence of which the said Writs issue* more especially in Cafes notoriously within the Jurisdiction of the Court; and that this Principle has been established and recognized in many of the oldest Cafes in our Laws.

That it is no where attempted to be proved by the said Plaintiff, or alledged on any Construction by the said Impey, that the Cause in which the said Perwannah issued to the Defendants, was not within the Jurisdiction of the Provincial Council: But that on the contrary the said Impey, in delivering his Opinion on the Justification of the Defendants, expressly acknowledges such Jurisdiction to be in the said Pro* vincial Council.

That under all these Circumstances the Application of this Maxim of Delegatus non potejl delegare, by the £ffeft and Operation of which the said Defendants

K k were

were precluded from going into the Merits of their Cafe, and thus condemned without being heard, was highly unjust:, partial, and oppressive: That it was produttive of serious and fatal Disorders in all the Judicial Departments of the Country Adaulets, where the Natives had been used to seek for Justice in Matters of Litigation between themselves: That by this Decision aforesaid of the said , the Power and Jurisdiction of the Lid Courts was virtually abolished, and the Confidence reposed in their Wisdom and Stability, by the Natives, was effectually destroyed: That the Non-observance of a Maxim, the Knowledge of the Exirtence of which it was impossible that dan Law Officers could obtain, or when obtained, could understand, having thus been adjudged a Trespass against the Laws of England, and to subject the Person offending against it to an Action in the Supreme Court, in which Damages might be recovered against him to any Amount, rendered it difficult to find any Person daring enough to administer the established Justice of the Country, or conform in administering it to its ancient Manners and Constitution: That such was the natural and obvious Consequence of converting the Performance of a public Duty, originating in the Authority of a Magistrate, into the private Responsibility of an Individual.

That as the different Provincial Councils, established in the said Provinces of Bengal, Babar, and had been ever since their Establishment accustomed to refer Causes of great Moment and Importance, particularly all Questions of Cast, Marriage, and Inheritance (on which the Prejudices of the Natives are the strongest) to the Moulavies or Cauzees and Mustees attending the Courts of the said Councils; and as various and weighty Questions of extensive Property, of the Lawfulness of Marriages, of the Distinction of Calls, in which are comprized the chief Points of Importance in the Mahomedan and Hindoo Religions, had of Necessity been referred to them: By the Application of this Maxim, all Judgments and Decisions passed by the Moulavies or Pundits, to whom such Causes were referred, became from that Instant totally null and void, and as if no such Decisions or any Proceedings in the said Causes had existed: That besides the complicated and dreadful Responsibility instanta-neously attached to the Situation of all Officers of the Mahomedan or Hindoo Laws, who might have been concerned in the Administration of Justice under the Faith of their own Institutions, and of the Protection of the Provincial Councils, the Misery and Confusion which must infallibly result from this Determination, to every Individual who might, under a litigated Point in any of the above Questions, have accidentally been within the Exercise of any judicial Authority of his own Courts, at any Time since the Settlement of the English East India Company in the said Pro-

vinces, was well known and well understood by the said Impey: But that the said Impey, actuated by a greedy, corrupt, and tyrannical Motive of drawing all Judicial Proceedings in Cafes in which he had, and in Cafes in which he had no Jurisdiction, within his own Grasp, was careless of any Consequences that might result from the Gratification of his own Avarice for Power, how dangerous soever to the Security of the British Government, or fatal to the Happiness of

-the Natives.

That the said Impey, in the following Extract of a Letter to the Right honourable Lord at

that Time one of His Majesty’s Secretaries of Stare, dated 2d March 1780; that is to say, " The Business " of the Court, as I estimate, has fallen off near One " Third, and in a Term or Two, when the Causes u already commenced are got rid of, I expect it will " be reduced to the Trial of a few Causes arising in " Calcutta. The Advocates and Officers

" of the Court will be reduced to a most miserable

" Situation. The Attornies have petitioned us, that " their Number may not be increased by new Admissions, though Persons may come from England " so qualified. I really apprehend that we shall do lt them (meaning the Attornies from England) little " Service by admitting them, for. it seems to me, " that it will be only to give them the Privilege of starving in Company with the present Attornies;" did betray one Motive for the corrupt Extension of the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, which his Proceedings in this Cause abundantly prove not to have been absent from his Mind in the Year 1778; a Motive highly disgraceful to the Character and Dignity of an English Judge; and the Tendency of which,

by encouraging a Spirit of Litigation, must prove at all Times highly detrimental to the Public.

That in Consequence of the over-ruling the said Pleas of Justification, so pleaded by the said Bahader Beg, as to his own Part, and by the said other Defendants, Cauzee Sadhee, Mustee and Muf-

tee Cullaum Muckdoom, on their Parts as aforesaid, the said Cause or Action of Trespass was determined in Favour of the Plaintiff Nauderab Begum; and the said Defendants were not permitted by the said Impey to go into their Evidence at that Time, bur, as an Act of special Indulgence ir\ the said Impey, were permitted to offer the said Evidence in Mitigation of Damages.

That in the Course.of examining into the Question of Mitigation of Damages, the said Impey did, in many Instances, conduct himself as a partial and corrupt Judge, particularly in distorting the Rules and Principles of Evidence to the Injury and Opprefiion of the Defendants.

That it appears by the Acknowledgement of the said ' Impey, that this was the first Action within his Memory, where every Thing preliminary to the Merits had not been admitted by such Consent, as the Court could not have admitted without Consent.

That in asserting that the Court had not, in this Instance, the Power to remedy the Grievance of which the said Impey above affects to complain, and that ic was not competent in him to relax from the Severity of those Rules by which Evidence is admitted and re-jedled in British Courts of Justice (especially when the said Impey had, on the First of his Arrival in conceived himself authorized to establish Regulations, dispensing with many other Forms of Proceeding relative to the Admissibility of Evidence) and, under this Pretence, in compelling the said Defendants to the strict legal Proofs of certain preliminary Points, of public Notoriety, the said Impey was guilty of a Criminal Neglect of his Duty, and of Partiality and Injustice towards the said Defendants.

That the said Impey did first object to the said Defendants, that they had not proved the Appointment of the Provincial Council under whose Orders they the said Defendants had attempted to justify their Proceedings: That by the Laws of England, it was not in anywise incumbent on them to prove the legal Existence of the Court of which they were attendant Officers; but that nevertheless it appears, by the Evidence of Mr. Young, One of the Members of the said Provincial Council at Patna, at the Time the said Action was commenced between Bahader Beg and Nauderab Begum, that the said Court was used to fit and act as a Court of Justice; that the said Defendants were Officers of the said Court; and that in Cafes of Inheritance, where Mahomedansalone were Parties, both the Fadl and the Law were usually referred to them.

That an Action was duly commenced in the said Court, between Bahader Beg on the One Part, and Nauderab Begum on the other; and that the said Parties thereto being Mahomedans, a Perwannah or Precept issued from the said Court, of which the said 2 Mr.

a8 Geo. Ill* 120 D 141

Mr. Young was a Member, to the said Cauzee and

Mustees, dating to them, that Babader Beg and the Widow were disputing concerning the Property of the Deceased, and commanding them, that " having sent " People on their own Parts and on the Part of the " Vakeels of both Parties, and having made a due and exact Inventory of all the Goods, of all Kinds " whatsoever of the Deceased, and having collected *l the dispersed Goods and locked them up and sealed of them, they the said Cauzee and Mustees do station " and place People to guard the said Goods, in or- der that no one may be able to embezzle the fame,

" until the Time of the Decision and Division there-of} and also, that, according to ascertained Fasts,

" and legal Justice, they the said Cauzee and Mustees *€ do transmit to the Council a written Report on this " Cause, &c. And the Fast, that the said De-

fendants did duly execute the said Perwannah, and did in all Things proceed according to the Or-' ders, and under the Authority of the said Court, was also fully proved by Simeon , Esquire, another Member of the said Provincial Council, and by the said Mr. Young.

That in further Support of the alledged Irregularity in the Proceedings of the said Cauzee and Mustees, the said Impey objected that they the said Cauzee and Mustees had taken an Inventory of the Effects in Dispute between the Parties, without appointing a Vakeel on the Part of Nauderab Begum, the Defendant in the said Suit, although they were bound so to do according to the Modes of Proceeding in the Mahomedan Law.

That the said Impey had no Authority whatsoever to enquire into any supposed Irregularity in the Proceedings of Mahomedan Courts of J.ustice: That of this the said Impey was in nowise ignorant; for that, in giving Judgment in a Cause between Gbora Chund JDutt, fVitham Hosea, Esquire, President of the Court of Dewannee Adaulet at Moorjh, and Rajah Dula Roz, the Dewan of the said Division; which said Action was commenced in the Supreme Court in the Year' 1779, the said Impey did declare, that " in the same " of Suits instituted before Provincial Councils, except in Cafes of manifest Corruption, the Court " will not enter into the Regularity of the Proceedings:" And further, " I do not think it is the Province of the Court (meaning the Supreme Court)

to enquire into the Regularity of the Court’s Proceedings."

That the said Nauderab Begum ctfuld have no Right to impede the Course of Justice by contumaciously refusing to assist its Process, and appoint a Vakeel, as it was her Duty j and in Default of such Appointment on her Part, the said Defendants would have been fully justified in proceeding without it; but that the said Nauderab Begum did in this Respect actually make Choice of one Cojab , a confidential

Agent of the said Nauderabto be and aft as her Vakeel in this Behalf, and him did constitute and appoint according to the Mode usually followed by Mahomedan Women of that Rank to which the said Nauderab pretended: That a Declaration was made by the said Nauderab, and afterwards taken down in Writing, and attested with the Seal of the said , by which said Declaration the said Nauderab made known that file had appointed the said Ccjab to be and

aft as herVakeel; which said Declaration in Writing, or Power of Attorney, was tendered in Evidence to the said Impey, and by him rejected; and although it appeared that such was the tifual Form of appointing Vakeels by Mahomedan Women, yet the said Impey did, in this Cafe, refuse to admit the said Declaration in Writing, or Warrant of Attorney,* or any Evidence of the Matters therein contained, unless the Witnesses thereto would speak to the Personal Consent of the said Nauderab that the said Zekereah should be

her Vakeel, which the said Impey well knew to be impossible, for he well knew that Women

were excluded from the Sight of Men, and that they and their Families were contaminated and disgraced if they were either brought into a Court of Justice to give Evidence, or if Men were admitted into their Presence, in order to authenticate their Deeds;

That ,the said Zekereah did take upon himself the said Office of Vakeel, and did and performed divers Acts in Behalf of the said Nauderab, and was so considered by the said Defendants.

That the said Impey did further object a Variety of* other Acts to the said Defendants, that is to say, that the said Cauzee and Mustees did not duly examine into the Rights of the Parties; that they, were guilty of certain Irregularities in executing the Judgment so passed by the Provincial Council in this Cause as aforesaid, and of various Acts of Oppression against the Begum; and that the Vakeels had not been duly acquainted with the Report of the Cauzee and Mustees: To all which said Objections the Evidence before the Supreme Court did, at the Time of making the said Objections by the said Impey, afford a corn-', pleat and satisfactory Answer; and further, that the said Impey had no Jurisdiction to enquire into the said Proceedings.

That in all these Instances the said discovered manifest Partiality in discharging the Duties of his Office; and under Colour and Pretence of these, and other similar Objections, did hold the said Cauzee and Mustees to be responsible in their Individual Capacity, as Trespasser against the Laws of England, for Acts proved by sufficient Evidence to have been done as Officers of a Mahomedan Court of Justice, proceeding under the Orders of a superior Court, according to the Mahomedan Manners and the Principles of Mahomedan Jurisprudence,

That the said Elijah Impey, being further actuated by a partial, corrupt, and oppressive Intent of perse^ cuting and ruining the said Defendants, did, by divers forced and false Constructions of the Evidence given in the said Action of Trespass so brought in the Supreme Court by the said Nauderab Begum as aforesaid, search for a Pretence to inflame the Damages against the said Defendants to a very enormous Amount.

That for this Purpose the said Impey did, by maliciously suppressing certain Parts of the said Evidence, endeavour to make it appear, that the said Nauderab had suffered a Loss of Property exceeding, by many Degrees, the Property so divided at the House of the said Shabbaz Beg Khan, the deceased Husband of the said Nauderab, by the said Defendants, in pursuance of the Perwannah issued by them, and by the said Provincial Council, to that Effect, as aforesaid.

Thar at the Time of taking an Inventory of the said Goods by the Defendants, according to the Exigency of the said Perwannah, Inventories of the said Goods were taken by the respective Parties to the Suit of Inheritance so proceeded upon by the Cauzee and Mustees as aforesaid, or by their Vakeels: That on the Trial of the said Action of Trespass in the Supreme Court, the Attornies on both Sides were served with Notices to produce the said Inventory on each Side respectively: That on the Part of the Plaintiff in the said Action, it had been found by the said Cojab Zekereah, that " Four, or Eight, or Ten Days" before the Trial he had seen such Inventory in the Hands of the Plaintiff’s Vakeel.

That on the Part of the Defendants fti the said Action, a fair Copy of the said Inventory, with a Translation annexed, and which had been authenticated ac the Time of the Trial in the Suit of Inheritance, and long before the commencing or giving Notice of the said Action of Trespass in the Supreme Court, by the Cauzee and Mustees in their Judicial Capacities, and also by the Signatures of the Chief and Council of

Patna,

Patna, was tendered in Evidence, but was rejected by the said Impey, " because an Original was a better

Species of Evidence."

That the said Original was taken at the Time of the said Trial of Inheritance, upon divers foul Scraps of Paper and loose Memorandums, and was of a very great Length when all the said foul Scraps of Paper and loose Memorandums Should be put together, to wit, of the Length of Seventy-five Feet: That no Translation thereof had been prepared by the said Defendants, either in Confidence that the Plaintiff would have produced the Inventory so taken by her Vakeel during the Trial of the said Suit of Inheritance, or that the Copy, which they deemed the best authenticated Evidence in this Cause, having the Authentications of the said Cauzee and Mustees, and of the said Provincial Council of Patna as aforesaid, would have been admitted: That by a Rule of the said Supreme Court, no Perfi Paper was allowed to be admitted in Evidence, except accompanied by a Translation.

-That on the Second Day of the Trial of the Action of Trespass in the Supreme Court, the said Defendant tendered this said original Inventory, in Confidence and Hope that the said Elijah Impey would have received the fame, and directed a Translation to be made thereof: That the said Impey refused to give such Directions j in Consequence of which said Refusal, the said Persian Paper Hands an Exhibit in the said Cause unintelligible, and unattended to in the Decision: That the said Defendants further prayed the said Impey to allow Time to prepare a Translation of the said Paper, but the said Impey, not regarding the said Prayer, nor the Justice of the Cafe, did positively refuse such Permission: That the Trial of this Cause lasted Ten Days; and there was ample Time to obtain a Translation of the said original Inventory.

That the said Defendants did, as the last Resource left them in this Cafe, tender to the said Impey the Parole Evidence of Persons present at the Time of taking the said Inventory: That among others who were present at the taking the said Inventory, the Evidence of one Haujee Hautim, the Person who had appraised the said Goods, and according to whose Valuation the said several Inventories (whereof the attested Copy of One so tendered by the said Defendants as aforesaid, and Notice to produce the other was so served upon the Vakeel of the said Plaintiff as aforesaid) had been made out, was tendered to the said Impey; but the said Impey did also reject this Evidence, on the Pretence that Oral Testimony shall not be admitted where written Evidence exists.

That the Inventory taken by the said Haujee Hautim, and which he the said Hautim was ready to verify, valued the said Goods so appraised by him as aforesaid, under the Sum of 93,000 Current Rupees.

That the said Impey,well knowing that another Inventory did exist on the Part of the Plaintiff, did partially, corruptly, and maliciously admit the Parole Testimony of the said Cojab Zekereab on the Part of the said Plaintiff, although, by the Testimony of the said Zekereab, it appeared that he the said Zekereab had seen such Inventory in the Hands of the Plaintiff’s Vakeel Five or Ten Days before the Trial.

That by the Evidence of the said , who

during the Whole of his Testimony, from the Beginning to the End of the Trial of the said Cause, had been guilty of Prevarications, Inconsistencies, and notorious Perjury, which the said Impey did at all Times well know and encourage, to the Injury of the said Defendants, the said Impey did falsely and maliciously take the Value of the said Goods, so divided as aforesaid, to amount to 2,46,000 Current Rupees, or nearly Treble their Value, according to the Inventory aforesaid, and did falsely and maliciously efti-mate the Damages according to such. Valuation, to

the grievous Oppreflion and Ituin of the said Dej fendants.

That with a further Intent of obtaining a Pretence to aggravate the Damages against the said Defendants* the said Impey did endeavour, by divers forced and false Interpretations, to make it appear thdt they the said Defendants had been guilty of Corruption in thd Execution of their Office.

That the said Charge was at no Time whatsoever advanced at the Trial, by the Plaintiffs in the said Cause, much less was it attempted to be substantiated by any Evidence whatsoever: That the said Impey therefore did evince a corrupt and malicious Purpose in his Mind, by travelling out of the Complaint before him, in order to fix such an Imputation on their Integrity.

That in pursuance of this corrupt and malicious Purpose, the said Impey did endeavour to establish an Appearance of Collusion between them the said Defendants, and Babader Beg the original Plaintiff in the Trial on the Inheritance: That he therefore fabricated a Distinction between the Order of the Council on the Petition of the said Babaderand the Terms of the Perwannah or Precept issued to the said Defendants in consequence of the said Petition: That under this Distinction the said Impey did falsely assume and pretend that the said Provincial Council knew nothing of any Dispute between Babader Beg and Nauderab Begum, as no such Knowledge, according to the said appears on the Face of the Order of the said Council; but that those who drew the Perwannah did know of such Dispute, as it appears by the Terms of the said Perwannah, to which Knowledge they could not have arrived, except by secret Means and corrupt Communication with the said Babader Beg.

That, in Support of this false and frivolous Distine-tien, the said Impey stated that the Order of Council alluded merely to a Division of the Property, and the Allotment of Shares, and the ascertaining which precluded the Possibility of its being in the Contemplation of the said Provincial Council, that any exclusive Claim to the Whole of the Property could have been made by the said Nauderab Begum, and consequently that there could be no Suppdfition of a Trial: But that, on the other Hand, the Perwannah did positively state a Dispute between the Parties, and did suppose the Possibility of a Trial.

That the said Impey well knew that he was in this Respect falsely and maliciously endeavouring to Criminate the said Defendants: That the Petition of Babader Beg, which was in Evidence before the said Impey, did positively afiert that the said Nauderab Begum was removing and secreting the; and did,

in direit and expjicit Terms, pray that his Right might be ascertained by the Cauxee and that the said Petition was not a simple Prayer to a superior Author rity, for the Grant of a particular Object, but the regular Commencement of a Suit at Law, and the First Step in its Proceedings.

That the said Impey well knew, that even the weak and frivolous Inference of Collusion, grounded on the Distinction he had so fabricated as aforesaid, between the Order of the Council and the Perwannah issued thereupon, could not be supported without Proof, that the said Defendants were privy to the drawing up and issuing of the said Perwannah: That finding no Evidence whatsoever of such Privity on the Part of the Defendants, the said Impey did maliciously and daringly presume it, saying, " As the Perwannah is " in Persian, no Doubt it was drawn either by the Defendants or their Clerks."

That if it was Criminal in them to know any Thing relative to the Merits of this Cause previous to the Trial, it was highly Criminal in the said Impey conclude that they had obtained that Knowledge by Communication with the said Babader Beg, the Plaintiff

tiff in that Trial, when no Proof, or even Allegation, was offered in Support of such an Imputation; and when, by fair Inference from the Facts, they might, and evidently did know it by honest and regular Means; that is to say, by the Petition upon which the said Perwannah was grounded: That, under these Circumstances, to decide against the Integrity of respon-fible Officers, to fix a Suspicion of Collusion upon their Conduct, without either Accusation or apparent Ground that could be collected from the Circumstances, and to supply the Defect of Proof by forced and false Construction of plain Evidence, proves, that the said Impey was acting in pursuance of a partial and corrupt Bias against the said Defendants, and falsely administering the Justice of the Country.

That further, to compleat his said cruel, oppressive, corrupt, and malicious Purposes against the said Defendants, so betrayed and manifested as aforesaid, the said Impey did recite divers Objections to the Modes of Proceeding by the said Defendants, at the Trial of the Right of Inheritance: That for this Purpose the said Impey, well knowing that the Mode of Proceed-

ing, according to the Mabomed Laws and Customs, is summary; well knowing, that the Report made on the said Trial of Inheritance by the said Defendants to the said Provincial Council, contained as full and satisfaSory an Account of the Proceedings at the said Trial, as it was usual to make, and as the Nature of summary Investigations will admit; well knowing, that the said Provincial Council, to whom only belonged the Right of objecting to the said Report, were thoroughly satisfied therewith, and that no Objection whatever was taken to the same by the Parties interested, at the Time when the same was made; well knowing also, that he had no Right or Authority whatsoever to examine into the Irregularity of any such Proceedings, upon the Nature of which, being according to the Mabomedan Customs and Laws, he was not competent to determine; well knowing also, that no Complaint whatsoever, of any Corruption, or any such Irregularity, had been offered on the Part of the said Plaintiff in this Action against the said Defendants, did arbitrarily reject the Whole of the said Report so recited as aforesaid, and refuse to consider it as Evidence in this Cause in Favour of the said Defendants.

That in order to justify his Rejection of the said Report, the said Impey had again Recourse to the Maxim of Delegatus non potejl delegare:That he de-

clared the Trial in the Supreme Court, on which he the said Impey was then delivering Judgment, to be the Examination of a Proceeding absolutely coram dice-j that the Report therefore, although fufliciently authenticated, could not be considered as such a Record in these Proceedings, as would entitle the Defendants to give it in Evidence; but that although it could not be given in Evidence for the said Defendants, it could be given against them, as containing their own Confession and Account of the Proceedings.

That it appeared from the said Report so rejected by the said Impey as aforesaid, that in the Examination into the Right of Inheritance so referred to the Cauzee and Mustees by the Provincial Council as aforesaid, sufficient Matter had arisen in the Course-of the said Enquiry to warrant the said Defendants in declaring the Claim of the said Nauderah Begum to be ill-founded, and the Right of Inheritance to be in the Heir at Law, inasmuch as the Deeds under which the said Nauderah claimed the Whole of the Estate, appeared, to the Satisfaction of the said Cauzee and Mustees, fitting in a Judicial Capacity to try the Right of the said Eabader Beg, to have been forged after the Death of the said Shabbaz Beg Khanand further inasmuch as the said Deeds were insufficient, according Vol. XLIII.

tt> the Mabomedan Laws and Customs, r6 constitute a good Title.

That the Inconsistencies, Prevarications, and false Swearing of Cojah Zekereah, the Vakeel and Repre-fentative of Nauderah Begum, by whom the said Deeds were produced before the said Cauzee and Mustees, as the Grounds of the Claim of the said Nauderah Begum, relative to the Authenticity of the said Deeds: That the incautious Confession of One of the subscrib-' ing Witnesses to the said Deeds, that it had been written by Niaz Aly (in which said Confession the said Cojah Zekereah was obliged afterwards to join): That the Testimony of the said Niaz who had been for a long Time Secretary to the deceased Shabbaz Beg Khart, to this Effect, that is to say, that he the said Niaz Aly had, at the Desire of the said Cojab kereah, and after the Death of the said Shabbaz Beg Khan, copied a Will from a Draft given him by the said Zekereah, purporting to have existed in the Lifetime of the said Shabbaz Beg, and the concurrent Testimony of several credible Witnesses, as may b6 seen more fully in the Report, amply justified the said Cauzee and Mustees in determining against the Validity of the Deeds, as Evidence of the Title of the said Nauderah Begum.

That as to the legal Effect and Operation of the said Deeds, according to the Mabomedan Law, the said Impey could have no possible Pretence, or was in any Degree competent to esquire: That the Cauzee and Mustees so fitting, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Title of Bahader Beg, as a Court of Justice as aforesaid, and being versed and learned in the said Laws and Customs, were the only fit and competent Judges of the Validity of the said Deeds to convey Property.

That the said Impey, by thus usurping the Authority of enquiring into and condemning the Conduct of the said Cauzee and Mustees, on the Ground of their having decided against the Widow’s Claim, contrary to the Effect of the Mabomedan Evidence, and to the Operation of the Mabomedan Law, did fully manifest, that where an Error against the Forms and Technicalities of the British Laws should fail to reach them, he was determined that they should not escape the perverted Interpretation of their own; and the said Impey did therefore take upon himself to determine not only against the Justification of the said Defendants under these Facts, but did further collect from the said Facts a Pretence of aggravating and inflaming the Damages against them.

That the said Impey, in considering the Evidence given at the Trial of the said Action of Trespass in the Supreme Court, on the one Side in Support and on the other in Impeachment of the Validity of the said Deeds, and in further Aid of his corrupt, partial, and oppressive Views against the said Defendants, did endeavour to make it appear, that the said Defendants had grounded their Charge of Forgery of the said Deeds on Evidence that related to a certain Copy of a Deed which was not before them at the Time of the Trial of the Right of Inheritance; that the Original Deeds themselves were not before them at the Time of the said Trial; that the said Cauzee and Mustees did not, in Point of Fact, make the Report above recited to the said Provincial Council, but had fur-reptitiously obtained the said Deeds long after the said Trial, and had been permitted to accommodate their Report to the said Deeds.

That it appears that the said Impey did, in this Re-' gard, give Credit to a certain false and contradictory Narrative of the said CtjahZekereah-, in which Narrative the said Zekereah is contradicted by divers competent and credible Witnesses, and by his own Testimony, delivered at various Times during his Examination as a Witness in the said Action of Trespass.

L 1 That

That as to a certain other Deed, which is stated in the Report of the said Cauzee and Mustees to have been attested with the Seal of one at the

Request of the said Cojab , and which the said Syed affirmed, both at the Trial before the Cauzee and at the Trial of the said Action of Trespafs, to have been offered to him for Attestation as an Original Deed, and which the said did notice as that Copy of a Deed which was not before the Cauzee and Mustees at the Trial of the Inheritance; the said Cojab Zekereab did affirm, that the said Deed was a Copy and not an Original, and did attempt to account for his having clandestinely obtained the Signature of Syed Abmud thereto, by dating, that being desirous to inform his Relations at Caboul of the Manner in which the Deceased had disposed of his Property, he the said Zekereab did procure the said Deed to be copied by Niaz Aly, after the Death of the said Shabbaz Beg Khan j and the said Zekereab did further endeavour to account for the Method in which he procured the said Copy, by affirming, that being so desirous as aforesaid, he searched in the Inkstand of the said Niaz Aly, where he found a foul Draft of that original Hebena-mah, or Deed of Gift, under which the Widow claimed the Estate of the Deceased, and to which said Hebenamah he the said Cojab Zekereab was a subscribing Witness: And the said Zekereab did further affirm that the Seal of the deceased Beg Khan was

not affixed to the said Copy.

That in this, as well as in divers other Parts of his Evidence to this Point, the said Zekereab is directly contradicted by the Testimony of the said Niaz Aly, who deposed, that the said Zekereab brought him the said Niaz the foul Draft of the Hebenamah as aforesaid, and that he made Two Copies of the same at the Desire of the said Zekereab; and is also contradicted by the Testimony of Syed Abmud and other credible Witnesses, who either attested the said Paper t'hem-selves, or to whom the said Paper was tendered for Signature in the Presence of others; and that all the said Witnesses deposed, that the Seal of Shawbaz Beg was annexed thereto.

That as the said Nauderab Begum was left in Possession of all the Property of the deceased Shawbaz Beg, the Seal of the said Shawbaz was in her Possession, together with the rest of his Effects.

That the said Impey did give full Credit to the said Zekereab, who stated, that the Charge of Forgery against him, contained in the said Report of the Cauzee and Mustees, was grounded on the Deed so mentioned to have received the Attestation of Syed Abmud, and so sent by him the said Zekereab to his Relations at Cabouland that the said Charge could notin anywise relate to the Deeds on which the said Nauderab claimed the Property of the Deceased, because (the said Zekereab further deposed) that the Originals of the said Deeds had at no Time, during the Trial of the Inheritance, been produced to the Cauzee and Mustees, but that he the said Zekereab had produced only Copies thereof to which no Signatures had been annexed: And to account for the said Original Deeds being in the Possession of the said Defendants, and recited with the Names of the subscribing Witnesses in the Report so by them made to the said Provincial Council as aforesaid, the said Zekereab further stated, that he had produced them to the Members of the said Provincial Council in Consequence of the Charge of Forgery exhibited against him by the said Defendants; and the said Impey, in order to help out the Story of the said Zekereab,concludes, without any Evidence what-

ever, that the Members of the said Provincial Council, did put the said Deeds, purporting to be Originals, into the Hands of the said Defendants, and that the said Defendants were thereby enabled to accommodate, and did accommodate their Report to the said Deeds.

That this Explanation of the said Impey of the Account given as aforesaid by the said , mali-

ciously imputes to the said Council of Patna a Conduit the most disttonourable and corrupt, and a fraudulent Collusion with the Defendants: That of this Conduit there was no Proof; but of the Falsehood of the Story of the said Zekereab, there was a Chain of clear, regular, consistent, and credible Evidence.

That the said Impey well knew, that in Point of Fait, the whole Account given of thisTranfaction by the said Zekereab, was false from the Beginning to the End that it was in Evidence before the said Impey that this very Report, so stated by the said Impey never to have been made, was read in the Presence of the Vakeels of both Parties, and that they were satisfied therewith; that by the Evidence of Niaz , and Mustee Karremonllab, one of the Mustees appointed by the Provincial Council to attend at the Trial of the Right of Inheritance, the Deeds in Evidence before the Supreme Court were the identical Deeds which had been produced to the said Cauzee and Mustees by the said Zekereab, as the foie Grounds of the Widow’s Claim; that with respect to the Authenticity of the said Deeds, it was in Evidence before the said Impey, that the subscribing Witnesses thereto differed essentially from the said Zekereab, as to the Date of executing the same; that as to the whole Account given by the said Zekereab, respecting the Production of Copies instead of Originals to the said Cauzee and Mustees, it stood directly and evidently refuted by himself in various other Parts of the Testimony delivered by the said Zekereab, in the Course of the said Trial before the said Impey.

That it appears that the said Zekereab deposed, that the said Nauderab Begum delivered to him the original Deeds, and ordered him to make Copies thereof; and if any one Should create Disputes,to shew these Copies to the Cauzee: That he therefore had a Copy of one of the said Deeds, called an Ekrar Aum, taken by Mustee Guval, and attested with the Seal of the said

Mustee Guval; and that he took a Copy of the other Deed, called an Hebenamah, himself, to which he had not an Opportunity of procuring the Annexation of the Seal of the said Mustee Guval, and that those were the Papers produced to the Cauzee and Mustee.

That the said Zekereab,in direct and flagrant Contradiction of this Account given by him at the Time, in respect to the Production of the said Copies, did ac another Time depose before the fifid Impey, that in Consequence of a Demand from the Cauzee Sadbie, one of the said Defendants, to know what were the Foundations of the Widow’s Claim; he, the said Zekereab, did ajk her for the said Deeds: That the said Nauderab Begum did refuse to part with them; but that after Four or Five Days difpitting. at the Desire of the said Zekereab, lhe gave him the Deeds; that this was the First Time he had seen them since the Death of Shawbaz Beg: That no Seals were annexed to the Copies he produced to the Cauzee and Mustees.

That from the contradictory and incredible Account given as aforesaid by the said it appeals that

the said Zekereab pretends to say, and to have it believed by others, in the same Manner as it was corruptly admitted and acted upon by the said Impey, that notwithstanding the Cauzee and Mustees were, to the Knowledge of the said Zekereab, fitting in a Judicial Capacity by Orders from the Provincial Council, to ascertain the respective Titles of the said Nauderab Begum and Bahader Beg, whose confidential Agent, Representative, and Vakeel, he was; notwithstanding that he well knew, that if he failed to produce the original Deeds, he could not make out any Title in the said Nauderab Begum, for whom he was acting in the Capacities aforesaid, and that Judgment must go accordingly against the said Nauderab -, notwithstanding

4 that

that he had himself persuaded the said Begum

to deliver into his Custody the said Deeds which contained the only Proof of the Claim and Title so set up by the said Nauderab as aforesaid, and had also persuaded her to conform in all other Respects to the Orders of the Cauzee; notwithstanding that the said Zekereah was himself a Legatee under one of the said Deeds; notwithstanding that the said Cauzee and Mustees were in Part examining into a Charge of Forgery against himself, the Consequences of which he well knew would be immediate Imprisonment, and Loss of Character, all which he wobld avoid by producing the said Deeds; notwithstanding, as it appears by the Evidence of the said that he had ac-

tually suffered one of the said Deeds to pass out of his Possession, in order to obtain a Copy, and procure the Attestation of the Mustee Guval to the fame: That he, the said Zekereah, did not produce the said Deeds,

purporting to be Originals as aforesaid, at any Time, to the said Cauzee and Mustees.

That the said Impey did not only aft with a Criminal Neglect of Duty, and flagrant and unjustifiable Partiality, in thus admitting and acting upon the said false and contradictory Testimony of , but

also in making the Fasts so asserted in the Evidence of the said Zekereah a Pretence for aggravating the Damages against the said Cauzee and Mustees; for that, by the Ad million of the said that the

Deeds io produced by him as aforesaid were Copies and not Originals, the said Defendants (land compleatly justified in not awarding the Estate to the Plaintiff in the present Action of Trespass: Yet the said Impey, who was bound in every Respeft, both as

he was discharging the Functions of a Jury in trying the Fasts in this Cause, to give every Fast, whether proved on the one Side or on the other, its due Weight in the Scale of his Determination, and as he was also administering the sacred Duty of a Judge, to pronounce the Law without Prejudice or Predeliftion for any of the Parties before him, did wholly omit, and wilfully, corruptly, and maliciously pass by the said Part of the Evidence of Zeker, from which, to the Knowledge of the said Impeythe compleat Justification

of the said Defendants, both as to the Rectitude of their Decision in Point of Law, and the total Absence of all imputed Corruption as to their Motives, was the necessary and infallible Result.

That as the Authority of the Legislature had united in the said Impey, with an humane Intent of communicating its Protection to the Subjects of its remotest Dependencies, those high and extensive Powers of Judge and Jury, the Distinction and Separation of which from each other, by the strictest Boundaries, had been the constant Object of its Provisions for securing the Purity of Justice in this Country, so did its Wisdom annex to the Execution and Discharge of those Powers, double Duties, double Integrity, and double Responsibility: That in the notorious Violation of every Part of the Trull so reposed in him by Parliament, in this Respect, the said Impey is guilty of a High Crime and Misdemeanor.

That the said Impey, in further pursuance of the corrupt and malicious Purposes so entertained by him against the Defendants as aforesaid, did wilfully, and without due Cause, reject and consider as of no Weight the Evidence of certain Witnesses produced on the Part of the said Cauzee and Mustees; thereby giving full Force, Credit, and Effect to the contradictory Narratives and glaring Perjuries of the said Zekereah; And that the said Impey, in considering and balancing the Credibility of the Testimony of the said Zekereah, did wilfully, and contrary to the Duty of his Office, omit to estimate the Contradictions and Perjuries of the said Zekereah, as well in those Parts of his said Testimony as is above recited, as in divers other Parts

theteof: That in particular, it appears that the said Zekereah, who pretended to have been a subscribing Witness to the said Deeds in the Life-time of Beg Khan, was examined as to his own Hand Writing, and to certain Writings round the Seals of the several subscribing Witnesses; and that he gave Evidence thereof in Manner as follows;

Question i Who wrote the Writing which is hound the Seals ?

Answer. What is wrote about my own Seal and that of Chuput Beg, in the Hebenamah, I remember writing myself, but the other Three I do not remember writing; I am lure that above the Seal of Ma~ zum Bey is not mine, that around Ullab is not my writing.

Question. You must know your Hand Writing i answer, is it your Hand Writing, Yes or No ?

Answer. It is not; it is not in my Memory that it is; I do not remember it, if it is my Hand Writing: It may be so.

Question. You must know your Handwriting, you need not look at it so frequently.

Answer. If it is, it may be, I do not recollect it t if it may be, it may be; I do not recollect it: It is certainly my Hand Writing.

Question. Now you have swore, it is your Hand Writing, and that it is not; which is true? one or the other of them must be true.

Answer. It is my Hand Writing.

Question. You did not fee Mahcmed write Ullah, therefore why did you write under it ?

Answer. I remember that when Ghyrut Beg affixed his Seal, as he could not write, the Deceased, -baz Beg Cawn, desired me to write over it, and having procured Iwazto write in my Absence Ullab, he delired me to write Ullah.

Question. You have said, I think, that you never saw the Hebenamah after your own Seal was put to it, and till after the Death of Beg and

that when you did put your Seal to it, the other Seals were not put to it, nor the Signature Ullah-, how came you now then to say, that after the Seal of Ghyrut Beg was put to it, and the Signature , that Shawbaz Beg Cawn desired you to write upon the Hebenamah ? ’

Answer. It is true, that when he desired me to put my Seal to it, there was no other Seal than his; but about the same Time, or a Day after, when the other Witnesses witnessed it, I was by, and he desired me to witness it; I was always present with Shawbaz Beg Khan.

Question. Were you by when Mahomed Iwaz wrote the Word Ullah ?

Answer. I was not present then; when Innayet Ullab Beg and Ghyrut Beg put their Seals to it, I was present.

Question. Why, if you did write under the Word Ullah, as you now say you did, why did you immediately say that you did not write under it?

Answer. I was in Doubt about my own Hand Writing, and having sworn, I was cautious in acknowledging it.

Question. What did you mean by saying, that you never saw the Paper, after you had put your Seal to it, till after the Death of Shawbaz Beg l^han, if Shawbaz Beg Khan did in Fast produce it to you, to write upon it, at any Time after you had put your Seal to it ?

AnfWfcr. It is not a Contradiction: After all the Seals were put to it, after that Time I meant to say

I never

11° Decembris.

J. 1787,

1 never saw it till after the Death of Khan.

Question. Is all the Writing over the Seals of your Hand Writing ?

Answer. - The last is not my Hand Writing.

Question. Look to it, and be sure ?

Answer. This is also my Hand Writing.

Question. Why did you say it was not your Hand Writing when it is ?

Answer. I did not remember writing it; but on seeing it is the same Flow of the Pen, l'acknowledge it to be my Hand Writing.

That nevertheless the said did falsely represent the Testimony of the said Zekereab to be " con- fiftent and unimpeached," and thereupon did take upon himself to determine in Favour of the Authenticity of the Deeds on which the said Nauderah Begum founded her Claim to the Property of Shawbaz and did, under all the Circumstances of the supposed Illegality of the Conduit of the said Cauzee and Muf-tees, in trying the Fadts of the said Cause of Inheritance, of Irregularity of the Proceedings therein, and in executing the Judgment thereupon, and of the Credit due to the respective Witnesses in the said Action of Trespass, give and pass Judgment in Favour of the Plaintiff Nauderah Begum, with Damages to the Amount of 3,00,000 Sicca Rupees, or 36,000 Sterling, against all the Defendants.

That it appears from the Evidence in the said Action of Trespass, and was known and manifest to the said

Impey, that the Reports delivered in by the Cauzee and Mustees on the divers Suits and Actions which it had been customary to refer to them, were never considered by the said Councils as having any legal Effcdl or Operation whatsoever, until they had been solemnly confirmed by the Judgment of the said Council delivered upon such Reports, after reading the same in the Presence of the Vakeels of both Parties.

That the said Councils we^e used to exercise, and, in the present same before the said Impey the said Council of Patna did exercise, their Discretion in altering and amending such Reports, according to the Exigency or general Impression of the Justice and Equity of the Cafes stared therein: That the said Councils were Courts competent to the passing Judgments in Causes between Mabomedans, and to the holding Cognizance of such Causes in all Cafes whatsoever: That the Cauzee and Mustees were compellable to execute the Process of the said Courts; and that in the Instance before the said Impey the said Judgment was passed, and the said Process did issue to the Defendants from the Council at Patna.

That the said Impey,in further pursuance of his malicious Purposes against the said Defendants, and with a View to their utter Ruin and Destruction, did give Credit to certain loose and general Evidence of Cojab Zekereab, as to the easy Circumstances and Affluence of the said Cauzee and Mustees, although it was in Evidence before him, that the total Salary of the said Cauzee amounted to no more than 100 Rupees, or about £.10 per Month, and that the Salary of the Five Mustees did amount to little more than the same Sum; and under Pretence thereof, and of their Ability to pay the Amount of the said Judgment and Costs of Suit, did maliciously estimate the Damages alledged to have been sustained by the said Nauderah Begum, at the said Sum of 3,00,000 Sicca Rupees.

That in the Course of the said Trial, the said Impey fitting as chief Criminal and Civil Judge over all the Subjects of these Realms residing in the Provinces of Bengal, Rebar, and Or if a, and immediately repre-

fenting the Sovereign, did assert and maintain divers false Maxims and Principles of Law, highly dangerous to the Security of our Territorial Poflfessions in India, and disgraceful to the Honour and Character of his Station.

That in particular the said Impey, in endeavouring to establish the Corruption of the Cauzee and Mustees, and thereby to obtain a colourable Pretence for their Persecution, did state, that Corruption was the necessary Consequence of Poverty, declaring that " it was not surprizing that they (meaning the said Cauzee " and Mustees) should be mean, weak, ignorant, and *c corrupt, when the Salary of the principal Judge " does not exceed 100 Rupees per Month."

That the said Principle is false, scandalous, and immoral, highly disgraceful in the Lips of a British Judge, and highly dangerous to that Stability and Purity of Character which is absolutely necessary to the adequate Performance of the Duties of his high Office: That it tends to weaken the Confidence of the Native Inhabitants of India in the Probity of those Officers by whose Advice the Provincial Councils are accustomed to abide, in determining the Law, upon all Questions of what Importance soever: That the said false Maxim, so sanctioned by the deliberate Avowal of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court, was but little calculated to inspire the Natives of with an Hope that in the Discharge of his own Duties he would steadily perlift in the Path of a severe and scrupulous Integrity; but rather to awaken in their Minds an Apprehension that a Judge, solemnly holding forth such a Principle to the World, would apply that Rule to his own Conduct, which his Conjectures on the Motives of others had suggested to him, and be ready to secure his Virtue by every Method that might lead to the Advancement of his Fortune.

But that if the Poverty and Mcanness of the said Defendants was taken for granted as aFadt by the said Impey, when he meant to infer that they were corrupt, at least it ought to have protected them against the exorbitant and vindidtive Damages awarded against them by the said Impey.

That perpetual Imprisonment, even as the Punishment of a Criminal Offence, is unknown to the Laws of England; but that the said Impey, by awarding Damages to so enormous an Amount, when he well knew the total Incapacity of the said Defendants to discharge the fame, did indirectly procure all the EffedVs of a rigorous Criminal Sentence, in a yet greater Degree than is known to the Laws of England, to be inflicted as a Punishment on the said Defendants, by subjecting them to perpetual Imprisonment.

That the said Impey is answerable for all the Consequences of this Act: That the Execution of the Judgment of the Supreme Court produced the miserable Death of the Cauzee Sadhi, who funk in Age and Infirmity under the Persecution of the said Elijah Impey.

That the other Defendants were imprisoned in the Common Jail at Calcutta, where they remained for a Period of Two Years and upwards, until they were set at Liberty by the humane Interposition of the British Parliament, directing their Release, and the Restoration of the Mustees to the Offices they had executed before with fair and unsullied Characters; and that the Court of Directors, at the Recommendation of a Committee of the House of Commons, appointed, in the Year 1782, to enquire into the Abuses of the Supreme Court, ordered them a liberal Compensation for their Sufferings.

That in all and every the said Acts, the said Elijah Impey appears to have been instigated by dangerous and corrupt Views of Personal Ambition, and by the Spirit of a dark and hateful Malice against innocent Individuals.

Thai;

28 Geo. 111.

12° Decembris. 13 3

That in taking Cognizance of the Subject Matter of a Cause which had been before determined in a Court over which he had no Authority whatsoever, either Original or Appellant, under the Pretence of trying an Action of Trespass, and in awarding heavy and vindictive Damages against Officers acting under the Orders of the Court to which they belonged, and the Legality of whose Proceedings they could not dispute, the said Impey discovered a corrupt Design of

extending the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, of Overturning the whole System of Jurisprudence, under which the Natives had lived in Comfort and Security, of deterring the Magistrates from exercising the regular Functions of their Offices, and of holding forth his own as the only Tribunal to which the Natives could resort for Judicial Enquiry, contrary to the Spirit and to the Letter of the Act of Parliament by which it was Created, to the State of Habits and Society in India, and for the sordid Purpose of encreasing the Influence and Emoluments of his Situation: That these violent and arbitrary Proceedings fully manifested that the said Impey was equally regardless of the great and humane Object of his Appointment, of preserving the Purity of those Laws which he was deputed to administer, of adhering to those strict and wife Limitations which Parliament had prescribed to his Authority, of respecting the Manners, Religion, and Opinions of tnofe over whom he had illegally extended its Operation, and of the Stability and Existence of the English Government in India.

That in promulgating his Determinations on all the leading Points and ultimate Ifiue of this Cause, as according and agreeing with the Principles of those Municipal Institutions to which Obedience was yielded in Great Britain , and in holding forth to the Inhabitants of the Provinces subject to the British Government, that such was the true Meaning of the Protection granted them by Parliament against the Oppreffions of British Subjects, that such were the benevolent Results 6f British Legislation; the said Impey gave Sandtion to a Belief, that the boasted Excellence of our Laws, and of our Constitution, was unknown but in its Name; and that the Legislature, in erecting the Supreme Court, meant only an Insult to their Prejudices, and a cruel Mockery of their Miseries: That t>y these Means the said Elijah Impey brought the Cha-radler of a British judge into Disgrace, the Name and Administration of British Justice into Terror and Abomination, and is thereby guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

'THIRD CHARGE.

Extension of Jurisdiction.

THAT by the aforesaid Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, it was declared to be " lawful " for His Majesty, by Charter or Letters Patent under the Great Seal of Great to erect and

tf establish a Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William aforesaid j" which Supreme Court was to

have full Power and Authority, among other Things, ft to form and establish such Rules of Practice, and such Rules for the Process of the said Court, and tc to do all such other Things as might be found ne-{ ceflary for the Administration of Justice." And by the said Act it was further provided, That, under the new Charter which His Majesty was so impowered to grant, the said Supreme Court of Judicature (besides possessing a local Jurisdiction within the Limits of the Town and Fadlory of Calcutta, and the Factories fub-ordinate thereto, as well as a Personal Jurisdiction over all His Majesty’s Subjects residing in Bahar, and GriJfsJ Should also be duly authorized to Vol. XLIII.

entertain, hear, and determine et any Suit, Action, or Complaint against any Person who shall, at the ct Time when such Debt, or Cause of Action> or " Complaint, shall have arisen, have been employed " by, or shall then have been directly or indi-<r redlly in the Service of the aforesaid United East India Company, or of any of His Majesty’s Sub-« jedls."

That the Charter which His Majesty was by the said Act impowered to grant, ought to have been co-equal and co-extensive with the said Act 5 and no Jurisdiction could be legally conveyed by the said Charter, which the said Act did not specifically fane-tien, other than as His Majesty might have a Right to convey the same by the Law of Nations, and the common Law of this Realm.

That the MuJJulmans, Gentoost and others, Natives

of the Kingdoms or Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, not having been born in natural Subjection to the Laws of Great Britain, nor having since been enerally subjected thereto, according to any ac-nowledged Law of Nations j the Right of conveying to an English Court of Judicature a Jurisdiction over such Natives as might be directly or indirectly in the Service of the Company, or of British Subjects, was an Assumption on the Part of the Legislature of Great Britain, which was indeed fully warranted by the good and beneficial Purposes for which it was intended, but to which the Terms of the Charter ought to have been expressly and precisely limited.

That all Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions, however legally conveyed by the said Act, or the said Charter, ought to have been exercised by the Judges of the said Supreme Court of Judicature with much Caution, Circumfpedlion, and Moderation, in all Cafes which attached, or might in any Manner be construed to attach on the Persons or Property of the said Natives, in as much as from the total Diffimila-rity of their Language, Manners, Customs, Laws, and Religion, such Natives must be necessarily ignorant of, and abhorrent from, the Principles and Practice of English Law; and it was more particularly the Duty Of the said Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, as Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court of Judicature, so to exercise the said Powers, Authorities, and Jurisdictions; and the said Sir Elijah has frequently declared himself to that Effect.

That it was the Duty of the said Judges, and in particular of the said Sir Elijah Impey, as Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court, to take especial Care, by Means of such Rules of Practice, and Rules for the Process of the Court, and such other Provisions as they were legally authorized to make, that the Natives not subject to the Jurisdiction of the Court, Should not be compelled by any Process to appear therein, and to plead to the Jurisdiction thereof j since such Process must, in the first Instance, be frequently enforced by Means highly derogatory from the Dignity of all Natives, whether MuJJulmans, or Gentoos of exalted Hank or Call; and such Plea must further be prosecuted at a great and burthensome Expence, as well as with much Trouble and Vexation, and often to the no small Detriment of their private Affairs, from a long and distant Attendance at Calcutta-, in Consequence whereof, large and alarming Defalcations must occasionally enl'ue in the Public Revenues.

That the said Judges, and the said Chief Justice, Sir Elijah Impey, did manifest a proper and laudable Sense of their Duty hereinbefore Hated, by the Promulgation of certain Rules or Orders, intituled the 17th and 18th of the Rules and Orders of the Supreme Court of Judicature, which were framed by the said Sir Elijah Impey, and are as follow: 17th, " It is or-w dcred. That no Summons to any Defendant, to M m " appear

tl appear in any Plaint levied in this Court, if such " Defendant do not reside within the Town of " cutta, or Ten Miles thereof, do issue from the " Prothonotary’s Office, unless Affidavit be made, " to the Satisfaction of the Court, or a Judge thereof, " that the Defendant is subject to the Jurisdiction of " the Court, and that the Affidavit do particularly " specify in what Manner the Defendant is subject to " the Jurisdiction of the Court." i Sth, "It is or-« dered, That every Affidavit sworn before this Court, " or a Judge thereof, for the Purpose of a Capias " issuing in any Cause, do particularly specify in what <T Manner the Defendant is subject to the Jurisdiction " of the Court." And in the 4th Term of the Year 1775, the said Two Rules or Orders were repeated and confirmed. That the Intent of the said Rules or Orders requiring an Affidavit of Jurisdiction to

tisfaction of the Court, was to leave it in the Discretion

of the Court, or of the Judge before whom such Affidavit was made, to issue Mesne Process, or not, according to the Grounds assigned, or in other Words, to make such issuing of Mesne Process, a Judicial Act in the Court or Judge, for which they or he are or is consequently responsible: And the said Sir Elijah

Impeydoth himself give such Operation to the said Rules or Orders, where he himself fays, in Explanation thereof, that " no Person can be arrested without " a positive Affidavit that he is subject to the Jurisdictiorr, and of the particular Fact that makes him Jo; and to this the Judge, who grants the , bim-

" self examines."

That the said Sir Elijah notwithstanding he

did thus know, and at different Times, and in different Modes, did thus recognize it to be a Duty incumbent upon him to exercise the Jurisdiction which was entrusted to him over the Natives with Lenity and Tenderness, did nevertheless indicate an early and systematic Disposition to extend his Jurisdiction over the Native Inhabitants of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa: And being himself employed in, or consulted relative to, the drawing of the Charter under which he was to administer Justice in the said Kingdoms, he did insert, or procure to be inserted therein, new Power, Authority, and Jurisdiction over the said Natives, not warranted by the aforesaid Act of Parliament on which the said Charter was founded, nor such as the Crown of Great Britain could by its own Prerogative grant and confer, agreeably to the Law of Nations and the Common Law of this Realm: And that whereas the Parliament of Great Britain, from the wife and benevolent Motives before-mentioned, did assume, and impowrr His Majesty to exercise a Right of subjecting to the Supreme Court aforesaid all such Natives, Inhabitants of the said Kingdoms, as were cither, directly or indirectly, in the Service of the United East India Company, or of Subjects,

at the 'Time when the Cause of Suit, AS!ion, or Complaint arose, he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, did add, or fug-gest, or approve the Addition of certain other Words, by which all such of the said Native Inhabitants as might be, either directly or indirectly, in the Service of the said Company, or of British Subjects, at the Time of any Action being brought, and not only when the Cause of such Alt ion accrued, were, in Consequence of an Act perfectly indifferent in itself, to become amenable to a new Judicature and new Laws, for the past Transactions of their former Lives, before they had any direct or indirect Employment under the said Company, or any British Stibjeft, in any Manner whatsoever.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey did especially shew a settled and deliberate Purpose of bringing under his Jurisdiction all the Natives concerned in the Payment of the Landed Revenues of Bengal, and Orijfa,

to the Company: And although the said Sir Elijah

Impey, the better to colour his Designs with the Appearance of Moderation, did affect to consider mere Zemindars as exempt from the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, yet he did assert it to be his Opinion

no sudden Opinion," but as old as " from the Time of passing the All of Parliament" under which the said Court was established) that all Farmers of Revenues, or of Lands from whence the Revenues issued, were amenable to the said Court, or to that Effect; he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, at the same Time well knowing that in the Year 1772 Warren then President

of the Presidency of Fort William in Calcutta, had let out all the Lands of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, to Farm j consequently, that all the Zemindars who (Fill continued in Possession might be considered as Farmers also of their own Zemindaries; and the said Sir Elijah Impey did in sundry Cafes so assert them to be, and did accordingly contend to draw them within his Jurisdiction.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey, in pursuance of his sinister Purpose aforesaid, did, soon after his Arrival at Calcutta, seek to degrade the Situation and Rank of His Majesty’s Chief Justice, by offering his Services to attend as an Assessor and Adviser in the Sud-der Dewannee Adaulet, or Court of Appeal from thfe Dewannee Courts of the different Provinces and Dif-trifts, or in some other Dewannee Adaulet or Adau-lets; although he did at the same Time declare the Business of his own Supreme Court to be so extensive, that, " were the Judges to fit only on the Causes " between the Black Inhabitants of Calcutta, they " could not go through with One Half of them and he did therefore propose, under Pretence of Ease to the Judges of the said Supreme Court, that a new Provincial Dewannee Adaulet should be established in Calcutta, under the Controul of the Supreme Court, to try Actions between Native and Native for Debts not exceeding 300 Rupees Current, or £. 30 Sterling i and did further intimate the Propriety of erecting fi-milar Courts (that is, under the Controul of the Supreme Court)in the chief Towns of the Provinces at large, though he «« hardly dared to propose the fame," because he knew the Sense of the Legislature to be ad-verse to any Interference therein.

That fjiling in the Object of his said Offers, which the Governor General and Council declined to accept, and not meeting with better Success in his said Propositions and Intimations to His Majesty’s Ministers at Home, for the Extension of the Controul of the Supreme Court, the said Sir Impey did early

begin, and from Time to Time continue to issue his Summons, Capias, Writ of Sequestration, and other compulsory Processes, or did encourage and abet the Puisne Judges of his Court in issuing the fame, against various Zemindars and other Native Inhabitants, on Affidavits of the Jurisdiction, which on the very Face of them ought not to have been satisfactory to the Court, or the Judge proceeding thereon: And in Answer to repeated Applications, Admonitions, and Remonstrances of the Supreme Council on that Head, he did defend and maintain the Legality of such Processes, by drained and unwarrantable Constructions of the aforesaid Act of the 13th of His present Majesty, and of the Charter consequent thereon; and did per-fist in issuing or enforcing the same or similar Processes, to the great Diminution of the Public Revenues, to the Distress, Affiiftion, and Terror of the Native Inhabitants, and to the Violation of their Honour and Religion, many of them deposing, that their Zenanas, or Female Apartments, were entered, and their Places of Worship plundered, by the Officer* of the Supreme Court: That the said Sir Elijah Impey did thus ultimately drive the Supreme Council, in their Defence of the Rights of the Natives, to an Extremity bordering on Civil Violence; from which

alarming

Sir Elijah Ire* pey’s Judg. went onBeha-dre Beg’s Plea to the Jurisdiction. See Patna Appx. Vol. I. p. 361,

Sir Elijah Im-pey’s Letter to Lord Roch-fort, in the GeneralApp*. No 31. Vol. i. p. 289.

Ibid.

Ibid.

18 Geo. III. 120 Decembris. 13$

alarming State of internal Dissention the Governor General, Warren Hastings (between whom and the said Chief Justice, Sir Elijah there had all the

Time subsisted a private Correspondence on Terms of Intimacy and Affection) did take a Pretence for purchasing a Reconciliation with the said Sir Elijah Impey, by reviving the Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, and by placing him, the said Sir Elijah as

Judge at the Head thereof, with a large Salary: And when the said Sir Elijah had thus obtained the End at which he had so long directly and indirectly aimed, by the Means before-mentioned, all Disputes between the Supreme Court on the one Hand, and the Supreme Council on the other, relative to the Jurisdiction over Zemindars, and others connected with the Revenues, did then, and from that Period, immediately cease and tlifappear.

That in the Course of the improper and unjustifi-able Endeavours so made or abetted by the said Sir Elijah Impey, for extending the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, that is to say, some Time in or about the Month of Jlpril 1775, the Rajah Choiton Zemindar of Bijjenpore, was summoned to appear before the Supreme Court in Calcutta, there to answer in an Action for Debt against him the said Rajah; and the Council of Burdwan having undertaken to be responsible for his Obedience, but having neglected to enter Common Appearance for him in the Time allowed by the Writ, the said Rajah was arrested for Contempt of the Court, and brought a Prisoner to Calcutta: That on a general Representation from the Council, as to the Public Inconveniences likely to ensue from the Arrest of many Persons- of high Rank, the said Sir Elijah Impey did affirm, that no Process had been improperly issued, and did justify the Claim of Jurisdiction over the Rajah Choiton Sing as follows: " The Rajah Choiton Sing is the " Joint Zemindar of a small District called " of which he is the Joint Farmer, that is, Collector of Revenues, which he pays over to the Company, except a Part which he is allowed to retain."

That the Rajah Choiton Sing was not the Joint Zemindar of a small District called Patcheet, but of a large District called Bijjenpore, which yielded ft.40,000 per Annum,or thereabouts, to the Public Revenues; and having been formerly dispossessed by the unjust and arbitrary Act of Warren Hastings before-mentioned, he was allowed, in common with other Zemindars, a certain Proportion of about 10 Cent, on the gross Revenues of the Zemindary -, which Allowance, Stipend, or Pension, the said Sir Elijah Impey did afterwards himself consider but as a Refer-vation of so much of " the Produce of the Country," wherein he did admit every Zemindar " to have an acknowledged Property But the said Rajah having been afterwards re-admitted to Relit his own Zemindary, he was, like other Natives similarly circum-ltanced, suffered to retain the said Pension: That the Principle of the aforesaid loose, obscure, and perplexed Justificacion, advanced by the said Sir Elijah Impey, did involve the same of almost every individual Zemindar, who was then in the Management of his own Lands j and the Description of a Person, who farmed even his own Country, as a mere Collector of the Revenue, did more strongly implicate every one ofthofe who rented from Government the Zeminda-ries of others; and the Production of such a Principle, on this, one of the First Occasions which occurred, did plainly mark how far the said Sir Elijah Impey was then pre-determined to pulh the Jurisdiction of the Court.

That in the Representation before-mentioned, bearing Date May16th, 1775, the Supreme Council did

express their Wishes, That " the Limits of the Ju-« rifdiction of the Supreme Court should be afccr-

‘£ tained, that it might be known to thi People and " to the Government, what Persons were, and what " Persons were not, within their Jurisdiction bus the said Sir Elijah did decline giving any satisfactory Answer thereto, and didperfuade the other Judges to declare, in Conjunction with himself, that they had no Authority to make, extra-judicially, any particular Description of the Powers of the Court, other than is given in the Charter of their Establishment: That the Supreme Council did, in Reply, again urge their constant Desire to have the Jurisdiction of the Coure clearly defined, observing, that they understood Writs had been served indiscriminately upon Rajahs, Zemindars, Talookdars, Farmers of the Revenue, Dewans of the Provinces, and other Native Officers employed in the Collection of the Revenues: And the said Council proceeded to state. That* *« if the Parties, sttBenjal " by not pleading to the Jurisdiction of the Court, Appendix,

" are thereby understood to acknowledge it, and if &+

" their Acknowledgment, whether direct or implied,

" subjects them to such Jurisdiction* we foresee, that " it must soon in Fact be extended to all the Inhabi-

" tants of the Provinces, or with very few Exccp-

" tiens. The Few who may be instructed to plead'

" to the Jurisdiction, will be put to great Trouble <{ and Expence, whether the Plea be ultimately allowed or not. If, from not being able to find Bail,

" they should be arrested and brought from a distant " Province to Calcutta, they are thereby disgraced in the Eyes of their Province, supposing them to be " Men of Rank, and probably ruined, by being torn " from the Care of their Family and Affairs." — That the said Sir Elijah Impey, being thus pressed, did altogether evade any further Difculfion, by refusing to receive the said Letter of the Council, because it was not addressed to all the Judges collectively, though it was in Answer to a Letter from himself alone.

That the said Rajah Choiton Sing, having been thu9 forcibly dragged down to Calcutta, by the Operation of a Writ issued on improper and inefficient Grounds, while he was there waiting the Event of his Cause, was arrested on another Affidavit, as an Inhabitant of Calcutta, and was confined for many Weeks a Prisoner in the common Gaol.

That various other Instances of Writs served upon Zemindars and other Natives, not in the Service of the Company, or of any of His Majesty’s Subjects, do appear to have been communicated from Time to Time in the aforesaid Year 1775, by the different Provincial Councils, to the Supreme Council in Fort William.

That in the Month of January 1776, the Supreme Council did receive at one Time, Petitions from Five principal Zemindars of the Calcutta Division, complaining of Writs having been issued from the Supreme Court, and of the Prejudice arising from the Abuse of the Authority vested in the Persons who were sent with the Execution of them: The said Zemindars affirm themselves to be neither Servants of the Company, or of any English Gentleman, nor Pottah Holders in Calcutta; at the same Time representing their total Ignorance of the English Law, their consequent Apprehensions of its Penalties, anfl their Inability to support the Expence of Proceedings in the Supreme Court j and Rajah Indenarrain, Zemindar of the Seven Annas Tumiook, did further represent, that " the Peons or Officers of the Court passed Rfpori 00 *.* through Two Apartments, and Jeated themselves Toucher, Pe- in those which contained the Women-, — pro- App"* Refer*

" hihited them from Fire and Water, and began to be toN°j — N‘i*. " abusive."

That during the same Year 1776, various other similar Petitions and Representations were transmitted to the Supreme Council, by the Provincial Councils, from their respective Departments , and the fame

Complaint*

12® Decembris.

A. 1787*.

Complaints did afterwards continue from Time to Time to be made: Particularly it does appear, that a Woman of some Rank, who possessed the Zemin-D°GeniA(>p* dary of a Purgunnah called " who had

N" * " never been in the Service of the Company, or of

" any individual Europe'was confined for Two Months to her own House by Two Peons or Officers, who seated themselves at her Door, for the Purpose of serving upon her a Writ from the Supreme Court} and that the Vakeel of the Ranny of Raje did

represent various Summonses from the Supreme Court D"GeniApp« to have been procured against his Mistress, "who *s‘ " was in no wife dependant on the Authority of the

" Court, and who had passed her whole Lifetime in the Mahl Sarayc (or Female Apartments) nor ever " had Transactions in Business with any one." And the issuing of the said Processes against Women, and especially against a Woman of such Eminence as the' Ranny of Raje Shaby, whose Zemindary yields to the Company a Revenue of £. 300,000 per Annum or thereabouts, was a gross Outrage to Female Decency, according to the Manners of the East, where (as the said Sir Elijah Impey hath on another Occasion truly affirmed) a Hindoo or Moor Woman, if she be not the Ourcaft of the People, would stand out any Process ra-Gc > l^er t^ian aPPear *n 3 Court of Justice; as " the In-Afy> " di8nity so greaC and her Feelings of it so strong,

" that (he would not, after what (he would consider " such a Disgrace, submit to live."

That, besides his Opinions conveyed in the aforesaid Jollification of the Proceedings against Rajah CkitonSiig, and in his general Approbation of all the Processes issued to that Period, the said Sir Elijah Impey, in the Month of January 1776, did send to the Governor General certain Answers to Questions which the Governor General had put to him, concerning the Jurisdiction of the Court over Natives; and he does therein intimate a positive Opinion against mere Farmers or Renters, with whatever Caution, he refers it conditionally to the Words of the aforesaid Act and Charter, but not daring openly to avow in the Ab-straft what he had maintained in the particular same of the said Rajah Choiton Sing, that all Zemindars who farmed their own Lands, were amenable, he professes " to think them not so — quo ad Zemindars;" at the same Time insidiously reserving a Condition, " if " they were neither Servants of, or employed by, the " Company," under which Description he held them to be included in the Instance of the said Rajah, and on which Principle alone the Writs which had issued could have been founded.

That in the Year 1778 Issue being joined on a Plea of Jurisdiction, the said Sir Elijah Impey did, in his solemn Opinion thereon, give his Sentiments mod: decisively "and unequivocally against all Farmers or Renters; and although Sir Robert Chambers did on that Occasion incline to draw an equitable and solid Dillinftion, by which very many, if not the greater Part of the Farmers or Renters would have been exempted from the Jurisdiction of the Court, yet such was the Alarm which the Opinion of the said Sir Eljab Impey struck into the Minds of the Natives, that the Renters of a whole Province in a Body petitioned Government, that they might be allowed to be free from the Power of the new Court, or to abandon their Leases under Government.

That, not contented with drawing to himself the complete Cognizance of all Civil Suits relative to private Property and personal Wrong between the SifEtijshlm- greater Part of the more opulent Natives, yet hardly j'Jni Rocb- ° daring to propose openly that Provincial Adauluts fmf, March Should be established under the Controul of the Su->775- prenie Court, because the Legislature had not thought fit to interfere with them, but on the contrary doth plainly seem to have confirmed them according to their ancient Constitution, by the full Powers given

to the Governor General and Council in all Matters of Revenue; the said Sir Elijah Impey, by forced and misapplied Constructions of the Act and Charter aforesaid, by over-ruling the Proceedings, superseding the Commitments, and intimidating the Judges and other Officers of the Dewnnnee and other Native Courts, did usurp to himself a large and unjustifiable Share of Power over Causes, in which he did confess himself to have no Jurisdiction, either originally or by Appeal; and the due Authority of the Company'* Government was thereby much difgriced and weakened, and great Interruption was given to the Collection of the Revenue.

That, in particular, a certain Native Farmer or Renter, called Comaul o'Deen, who had been a principal Witness against the Maha Rajah Nundcomar aforesaid, and whose Testimony on that Trial the said Sir Elijah Impey had with much Partiality laboured to establish, was, soon after the Conviction of the said Maha Rajah, put into Confinement, according to a customary Mode of Proceeding in such Cases, till he Should have adjusted an outstanding Demand of the Company to the Amount of £. 13,000, and upwards, for which he had been called to Account previous to the said Trial; but on an Application from the said Comaul o'Deen for a Habeas Corpus, he was, by the said Sir Elijah Impey,discharged on Bail; and a verbal Intimation was given to Mr. Cottrell, the President of the Committee who had confined the said Comaul o'Deen, that he must not be committed again.

That the Supreme Council having examined, and found the Proceedings of the Committee to have been perfectly according to Precedent, did direct them to proceed in the usual Way: That accordingly Mr.

Cottrell again arrested Comaul ;and Comaul

o'Deen, on paying a small Balance of 900, which, he owned, was discharged by the said Sir Elijah , who also illegally threatened Mr. Cottrell wien an Attachment for Contempt of Court, in disregarding, agreeably to his Duty, the private and extra-judicial Intimation which he had received from the said Sir Elijah Impey.

That the Balances due from the said Comaul o'Deen to the Company did, in Consequence of the Protection thus afforded him by the said Sir Elijah , increase in the very next Year to a Sum little Short of Jf. 40,000.

That, encouraged by such Examples, dishonest Men and Defaulters did find frequent Pretences, by complaining to the Supreme Court, to delay Payment of" their Public Debts; and that, in the Year 1779, the Dewan of the Zemindary of Burd did represent General App» the Confusion of the Country and the Arrears of the N*6, Revenue in his District, from the Terror in which himself, his Officers, and the Inhabitants under his Protection, were kept by Menaces of Writs from the Supreme Court; and the said Dewan did particularize Ten different Instances of Persons who by such Means withheld their Rents, or forcibly detained Lands not their own; at the Head of which Lift he did place the Name of the Maha Rajah who

was the Principal in procuring an Address from the Native Inhabitants of Calcutta to the said Sir Impey, and the other Judges, on the Execution of the aforesaid Maha Rajah Nundcomar, and who, not long before the Time of the said Dewan’s Representation, had been again active, though without Effect, to procure an Address in Favour of the said Sir Elijah Impey against the Supreme Council; anci the said Dewan asserts, that the Relit of the said Rajah was near £. 4,000 per Annum, of which he had not paid a single Rupee for the past Year. — " I cannot (he adds) fend " Peons to enforce Payment from him, Account of " Apprehensions from the Supreme Court; and any Mefsages which arc sent to him to this Effect, he dif-" regards."

4 That,

28 Geo. III. rz° Decemb

That, as the said usurped Controul of the Supreme Court strengthened and extended itself, the Power of the Native Courts declined; the Sudder Dewarinee Adaulet was abolished; and the Adaulet of Calcutta ceased to act; the Cauzees, Mufties, Foujedars, and the other Judges and executive Officers, in many of the Provinces, refused to exercise their. Functions 5 and at length, the whole Authority and Dignity of Native Justice wer# violated and diflionoured in the Person of Mahomed Rexa Khan, the Naib Nazim (or Mahometan Chief Justice) of who having ar-

rested a Native accused of Forgery as he was returning from Calcutta, whither he had been sent in Civility by the Naib himself, to give Evidence before the Supreme Court, was directed, by a Writ of Habeas Corpus, to produce his Prisonerj but the Naib making no Return thereto, an Attachment was ordered against him, as for a Contempt.

That, by all and every of the said unwarrantable 'Attempts to extend his Jurisdiction, contrary to the plain Intention of the Legislature in the Act under which he was appointed to his Situation at the Head of the Supreme Court, and in Disregard of his obvious Duty, known and recognized by himself, and also, in a more particular Manner, by the various vexatious and illegal Processes by him issued or enforced, or abetted, defended, and approved, and by the Opinions and Judgments in which he so abetted, defended, or approved the vexatious and illegal Processes issued by others, as well as by his Refusals and Evalions, when repeatedly desired by the Supreme Council clearly to define the Limits of his own Jurisdiction, the said Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, Chief Justice of the Supreme Court at Fort William in Bengal, did, for his own sinister and corrupt Views, frustrate the wife and benevolent Purpose of Parliament; did 'diferedit and disgrace the Administration of British Justice in the Eyes of all FRndojlan j and did convert a System, designed for the Relief and Protection of the Natives, into an Engine of Oppression and Ruin, at the same Time that he did materially disturb and diminifti the due Collection of the Public Revenues; — in all which Acts the said Sir Elijah Impey was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

FOURTH CHARGE.

Cossijvrah Cause.

THAT, pending the aforesaid violent Exertions of the said Sir Elijah Impey, for the unjust Purposes of bringing all the principal Natives of Property in Bengal under his Jurisdiction, and of superseding the Authority of the Company’s Government, a disputed Matter of Account arose between the Rajah narrain, Zemindar of the Purgunnahs of and Shdport, which form Part of the District of Mid-

nap ore, in the Province of on the one Side,

and Cojfinaut Baboo, a principal Merchant at Calcutta,

and nearly allied to the said Rajah, on the other; as also between the said Cojfinaut Baboo on the one Side, and the Treasury of Calcutta on the other; the said Cojfinaut Baboo having been the said Rajah’s Security for the Rents payable to Government, and Manager of all Affairs relative to the Zemindary, during almost Five Years.

That the said Matters' of Account having been in Discussion before the Chief of Burdwan, that Officer made to the Governor General and Council a Report unfavourable to the Pretensions of the said Cojfinaut Baboo, against whom Process was thereupon ordered, for the Recovery of the Balances due to Government; and he was in Consequence thereof arrested and confined.

Vol. XUII.

That the said Cojfinaut Baboo, complaining of great Hardffiip and Severity in such Confinement, did apply to the Supreme Court for a Writ of Habeas Corpus, which was accordingly granted That the Return to the Writ appearing to be essentially defective, Time was, by Consent, allowed to amend the fame; and the said Cojfinaut, under the same Consent, was set free, on the Undertaking of his Counsel to Government for the Appearance of him, the said Cojfinaut, at the Day of the Return ! That, in the Interval, the said Cojfmaut sent in a very respectful Petition to the Supreme Council, proposing to deposit the Balance demanded, to await the final Decision of the said Council, and requesting a further and more exact Examination of Accounts which Proposition was accepted, the said Cojfin actually depositing the Sum in Dispute on the 17th of June 1777, and the Governor General and Council engaging for the full and fair Investigation required in the Petition.

That, when Two Years had elapsed without any Settlement to the Satisfaction of the said Cojfinaut Babco, the principal Officer rtill making a Report un-favourable to his Claims, the said Cojfinaut, on the 25th of May 1779, did present to the Supreme Council a Petition, requesting a speedy Determination; and the Superintendant of the Khalfa Records was there- upon ordered to examine; and report on the said Subject in Dispute: That the Superintendant,‘on the 28th of the same Month, did accordingly make such Report, accompanied with Two Abstracts of the Account Current between the Parties; but the said Cojfinaut Baboo objecting to this Mode of adjusting the Accounts, his Objections were transmitted to the Rajah Soonder-narrain for his Answers; and the Matter was actually thus under Examination, when the said Cojfinaut,on the 13th of August 1779, commenced a Suit against the said Rajah of in the Su-

preme Court, by an Affidavit, dating, among other Things, that " the said Rajah Soonder-narrain is " Zemindar of the Purgunnah Cojfijurah and " pore, in Bengal, and is employed by the United " Company ot Merchants of England trading to the East Indies in the Collection of the Revenues due " and payable to the said United Company out of the said Purgunnah." And on this Affidavit, Mr. Justice Hyde gave an Order for issuing a Capias against the said Rajah.

That the said Affidavit was irregular and informal, according to the aforesaid 17th and 18th Titles of the Rules and Orders of the Supreme Court; inasmuch as the said Rules and Orders require a positive Oath to the Jurisdiction, even before a Summons can issue; and much more ought such Rule to have been observed, when a Capias was the first Process; but in the said Affidavit no such Oath to the Jurisdiction exists.

That the Facts sworn to prove the Jurisdiction (namely, that the said Rajah was " Zemindar of the " Purgunnah Cojfijurah and Sabapore," and was employed by the Company in the Collection of " the " Revenues of the said Purgunnah") ought, on the very Face of them, not to have been satisfactory to the Judge; inasmuch as the Words of the Affidavit do obviously seem to state the said Rajah as employed by the Company in the Collection of the Revenues, in virtue of his Situation as Zemindar; or they must mean, that he was the Farmer or Renter of his own Zemindary: But, whatever be their Signification, they did appear, as they flood, so little satisfactory to the said Elijah Impey, that, notwithstanding his before-mentioned Doctrines in the same of the Rajah Choiton Sing, he did nevertheless, in his own Reference of the present Question to His Majesty’s Ministers at Home, think it adviseable altogether to conceal and suppress the very material Admission of the said Rajah’s being the Zemindar of Cojfijurah, and did merely state him

N n to

13B 12° DecembriA. 1787.

to be described as employed by the Company in the " Collection of their Revenues" in the said Pur-gunnah.

That the other Fad, which seems to be sworn with a View to the Jurisdiction, and which is also noticed for the same Purpose in the same Reference of the said Sir Elijah Impey (namely, that the Debt was contracted at Calcutta) is not and ought not to have been more satisfactory j for the local Jurisdiction, here intended, resting on the Law of Nations, cannot by that Law operate on one who has passed the Limits thereof.

That, even if the said Rajah had been an avowed Servant of the Company, he would not, under the Act of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, have been amenable to the Supreme Court, according to the said Affidavit} because he is therein dated not to have been employed by the Company at the Time when the Debt arose, but to be so at the Time when the Action was brought} which was an Addition illegally inserted, or procured to be inferred, in the Charter, by the said Sir Elijah

That the said Affidavit, to have been satisfactory, ought to have set forth, that the said Rajah was a Servant of the Company at the Time when the Cause of Action accrued, or that he was an Inhabitant of cutta, both then and when the Action wras brought: That in Truth it set forth neither one or the other; and the said Rajah, in Fad, was notoriously neither one or the other: That all Proceedings had on an Affidavit so loose, defective, and unsatisfactory, were highly irregular} and all Violences committed in the Execution thereof were illegal} and all Persons who approved, enforced, abetted, or defended any or all of the said Proceedings, and Violences consequent thereon, were culpable and criminal. /

That the aforesaid Capias being sent into the Pur-gunnah by a Sheriff’s Officer, the said Rajah concealed himself} and Notice of the Transaction having been lent to the Supreme Council by Mr. , Collector of Midnapore,the Council laid the same before Sir

John Day, who, in Consequence of repeated References on this very Subject, of the Attempts made by the Supreme Court for the Extension of their Jurisdiction, had been recently lent out as the Company’s Advocate General by the Court of Directors, with the full Concurrence and Approbation of His Majesty’s Ministers, and of His Majesty.

That the Advocate General advised, " that in the ft same before him the Zemindar Should have Notice, " that not being subject to the Jurisdiction, he Should " not appear, or plead, or do or suffer any Ad, which may amount, on his Part, to a Recognition of the Authority of the Judicature as extending to himselfAnd he likewise advised, " that in all fimi-

lar Cafes, as well as the present, the Power of Government Should not, if called upon, be employed " in Aid of the Judicature} but that they Should be ,c left to their own Means of executing their Process, " and thus render themselves alone responsible, Should . " such be the Event, for having unnecessarily hazarded the Dignity and Authority of the King’s Judicature, by exposing its Process to Contempt, and " its Officers to Resistance and Repulse." That Mr. Pearce was instructed accordingly} and, if any Application for AHiftance was made to him, to report the Circumstances to the Board; and to wait their Orders thereon.

That, in Consequence of the Capias returning unexecuted, a Writ of Sequestration was ifi'ued against the Lands, Houses, and Effects of the Rajah of jurah, for the Purpose of compelling him to appear to the Action: That this Writ was sent by an European Officer, attended by some Peons, who proceeded to the Execution of his Orders} but being surrounded, and his Communication with the Country cut off.

though no Violence, or Appearance thereof, was offered to his Person, he sent to require further A Alliance } and, with the Privity and by the Advice of the said Sir Elijah Impey,the Sheriff lent a Reinforce-

ment of Er.giish Sailors, Sepoys, and Peons, to the Number of Sixty Men, or some other large Number, all armed with Musquets, Bayonets, or Scymiturs: That on Notice of the said Reinforcement, the Rajah, whose Servants had repulsed a> former Attempt of the Peons first sent to enter the Zenana, now told his People to drop all Resistance , and bade them, " Go,

and with empty Hands claim the Protection of the " Great Council} and (he added) though they may

kill Two or Three of you, say nothing, for this " Reason, because we are poor Zemindars-, and cannot contend with the People of the Great Adau-tc let:" And the European Officer did afterwards proceed, at the Inltance of a Servant of named Gocul, to bind and beat several of the superior Servants of the Rajah; and broke the Door, and entered the Zenana, and plundered the House and Effects: And the next Morning, the expected Reinforcement being arrived, they again beat and disgraced the Servants, sequestered the rest of the Effects, and sealed the Door. — " Even thus much did f‘they do, that they entered the House of the Tokoo " Jew (or the Temple) where no is per-

" mitted to go, and spit in it, and allb stripped it of " the Gold and Silver Ornaments. — Such Outrages " as these were never known to be committed in the " Annals of any King." -

That the said Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, Chief Justice at Fort William,in Calcutta, appears to have been privy to, and to have been aiding or assisting in all those various Proceedings} and either to have directed or fuggdted them in the first Instance, or to have adopted and enforced them, tvhen they had been previously done or directed by others} and that, in a long and laboured Letter, dated on the 3d of March 1780, and addressed to Lord Viscount IVeymonth, then One bf His Majesty’s principal Secretaries of State, he doth defend and maintain the Propriety and Legality of the Whole and every Part of the said Transac-tiens, putting false Glosses and Colours on Facts, with Intent to deceive His Majesty} and doth avow, that when the Complaint of the Officer first sent with the Writ of Sequestration " confided more in what he apprehended would be done, than what had in Fact " been done," he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, "

" ing it too early for the Court to interfere," did advise

the Sheriff to fend a Reinforcement; which he must have known could not but give rife to the Violences that ensued: By all which Acts, Directions, Suggestions. Vindications, and Advices, he has illegally endeavoured to extend the Jurisdiction of the Supreme Court, both over the Persons of Zemindars, and the Revenues of the Company} whose Governor General and Council, in a Committee of Revenue, a Body fully competent to the Purpose, were actually examining into the Merits of CoJJinaut Baboo's Preren-fions, at the very Moment when the Suit was commenced in the Supreme Court: That the said Sir Elijah Impey, in the Prosecution of such illegal Endeavours, did give rife to Indecencies and Profanations the most abominable to the Feelings of the Gentoo Natives of India, and most scandalous to any civilized Nation} and he therein was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

FIFTH CHARGE.

SUDDER DlWANNEE ADAUUT.

THAT by the Statute aforesaid, of the Thirteenth Year of His present Majesty, a Salary of Eight thousand

2.8 Geo. III. 120

*3 9

sand Pounds a Year was annexed to the Office of Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court of Judicature; and it was by the said Act specially provided, that the said Salary Should be in Lieu of all Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, or Advanrages whatsoever, and that no Fees of Office, Perquisites, Emoluments, or Advantages whatsoever, Should be accepted, received, or taken by the said Chief Justice, in any Manner, or any Account or Pretext whatsoever, other than such Salary or Allowance as by the said Act was directed to be paid to him; and by the said Act, the Acceptance of any Gift, Donation, or Reward, by the said Chief Justice, in any Manner, or any Account whatsoever, was expressly prohibited: That the said Sir Elijah Impey did, together with the other Judges of the said Supreme Court, in a Letter from the said Supreme Court to the Court of Directors, bearing Date the 14th of December, in the Year 1776, express the most anxious Desire that they Should not be under the slighted Obligation to the Governor General and Council, even for a mere Mercantile Accommodation in remitting to England the Amount of their Salaries; declaring in the said Letter, that the Influence which such Accommodation tended to create was of a Nature degrading to the King’s Judges, and might be so subversive of Justice, that they hoped the least Surmise of it would be sufficient to procure an effectual Redress against it: And they did farther, by the said Letter, declare, that they had nothing to depend on but their Salaries, and could have no Means of acquiring Property, other than their Salaries.

That by virtue of the said Act of Parliament, by the Nature of the said Office of Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court, and according to the declared Sense and Opinion of the said Sir Elijah Impey relative thereto, it was the Duty of the said Sir Elijah Impey not to accept of any Office of Power or Profit,. his Continuance in the Enjoyment whereof Should or might depend on the Pleasure of the said East India Company, the Governor General and Council of Ben-galy or any other of the Servants of the said East India Company.

That in the Year 1772, the President and Council

of Bengal did make divers Regulations for the better Administration of Justice in the different Courts of Mofuffell Dewannee Adaulet,' throughout the Kingdoms of Bengaly Bahary and Orijfa, being Courts of Justice for the Trial and Determination of Civil and Revenue Causes arising in the said Kingdoms; which Regulations the Court of Directors of the said East India Company did approve of, and did give particular Orders that no Alteration Should be made therein, without the previous Communication of such intended Alteration to the said Coure of Directors. That the said President and Council did, at the same Time, establish a Supreme Court of Appeal from the said Courts of Dewannee Adaulet, by the Name of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, to be held at Fort William, and to consist of the President and not less than Two of the other Members of the said Council, assisted by the Dewan of the Khalfa, and other Native Officers who Should be acquainted with the Laws and Customs of the said Kingdoms of Bengal, Babary and Orijfa.

That by virtue of the said Statute of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, Cap. 63, the Powers, Jurisdiction, and Functions of the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet became vested in the Governor General and Supreme Council, established and appointed by the said Statute, but no Power or Authority was thereby given to the said Governor General and Supreme Council to part with the said Powers, Jurisdiction, and Functions, or the Exercise thereof, from themselves, or to confer the same on any other Person or Persons whatsoever.

That on or about the 28th Day of March, in the

3

Year 1780, the then Governor General and Council did make several Regulations relative to the said Courts of Dewannee Adaulet; by which, among other Things, they did order and direct, that a covenanted Servant of the said East India Company Should, by the Name of Superintendant, preside in each of the said Courts: That all Civil Causes, not regarding the Revenue, Should be tried and determined in the said Courts of Dewannee Adaulet 5 but that all Matters of Revenue should be under the Jurisdiction of the several Provincial Councils, which had before then been instituted and established by the President and Council of Bengal. That by the said last mentioned Regulations, the Appellate Jurisdiction was continued in the said Governor General and Supreme Council, as constitming the Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, to wit, from the said Dewannee Adaulet Courts, in Civil Cafes, not regarding the Revenue, and from the said Provincial Councils in Matters of Revenue. That the said last mentioned Regulations were an Alteration of the former Regulations hereinbefore mentioned, and were established and carried into Execution without any previous Communication thereof to the said Court of Directors, in direct Diiobedience of the said Orders of the said Court of Directors.

That in and before the said Year 1780, a great and dangerous Difference and Contention had arisen between the said Supreme Court and the said Governor General and Council, as constituting the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, touching the Jurisdictien in Civil Causes and Matters of Revenue, and touching a Right claimed by the said Supreme Court of entertaining Civil Causes and Suits against the Zemindars, or Hereditary Landholders, in the said Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahary and Orijfa, which Difference and Contest had been chiefly occasioned and fomented by the said Sir Elijah Impey.

That in or about the Month of September, in the said Year 1780, Warren Hajlings, Esquire, then Governor General of Bengal, did move, propose, and carry in Council, that the said Sir Elijah Impey Should be requested to accept of the Charge and Superintendance of the said Office or Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, under its then present, and such other Regulations as the said Supreme Council Should think proper to add thereto, or substitute instead thereof; and that, on his Acceptance thereof, he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, Should be styled the Judge of the Sudder Dewannee Adaulet; and the said Warren Ilajlings did, at the same Time, declare his Opinion, that the said proposed Appointment would prove a Means of Conciliation between the said Supreme Court and the Council.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey, being then Chief Justice as aforesaid, was, in Consequence of such Motion and Proposal of the said Warren Hajlingsy requested to accept, and did accept, the said Office of Judge of the Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, to be held during the Pleasure of the said Governor General and Council.

That some Time in or about the Month of October, in the said Year 1780, the said Warren Hajlings did move, propose, and carry in Council, that a large Salary, and other Emoluments, amounting to the Annual Sum of Eight thousand Pounds, or some other large Annual Sum, Should be granted to the said Sir Elijah Impey, being then Chief Justice as aforesaid, as and for,his Salary and Emoluments in the said Office of Judge of the Sudder Dewannee Adawlet; which said Salary and Emoluments were to be paid to the said Sir Elijah Impey by the said East India Company; and the said Sir Elijah Impey did consent to and accept the said Grant of the said Salary and Emoluments, to be enjoyed during the Plea* sure of the said Governor General and Council.

/ That

L.

That the said Sir Elijah , by his Acceptance of the said Office of Judge of the Sudder Dcwannee Adaulet, did virtually and implicitly, so far as in him lay, relinquish the Claim of the said Supreme Court to exercise Jurisdiction over the said Causes and Persons, in the Maintenance of which, before such Appointment had veiled the said disputed Jurisdiction in his own Person, he had proceeded to fitch dangerous Extremities in the said Contention with the Governor General and Council j for he accepted the same at the Requifuion, and under the Appointment, of the said Warren Hajlings, who had declared his Opinion as

aforesaid, that the said Appointment would prove a Means of Conciliation between the said Supreme Court and the Council.

That the said Sir Elijah did further not only virtually relinquish, on the Part of the said Supreme Court, but did also in Effect deprive the said Supreme Court of the Exercise of the disputed Jurisdiction aforesaid, by his said Acceptance of, and Appointment to, the Office aforesaid, of Judge of the Sudder Dewannee Adaulet j for the said Jurisdiction being claimed and exercised by himself in his said Office of Judge of the Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, the Parties and Causes were interrupted by him, the said Sir Elijah Impey, in the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, before they couid be brought before the said Supreme Court j and the Suitors who might have been inclined to carry such Causes into the said Supreme Court, in Preference to the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, if the said Sir Elijah Impey had not presided in both the said Courts, were discouraged and deterred therefrom by the Fear of offending the said Sir Elijah Impey, in neglecting to bring the same in the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet.

That the said Supreme Court, for these Reasons, and in Consequence of the said Appointment of the said Sir Elijah Impey to the said Office of Judge of the Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, did cease, in Point of Fadt, to exercise the said disputed Jurisdictions.

That the said Consequences of the said Appointment do prove, either that the said Sir Elijah Impey did not think the said former Claim of the said disputed Jurisdictions, on Behalf of the said Supreme Court, was valid and founded in Law; or that the said Sir Elijah Impey had consented to relinquish and depart from the said valid and legal Claim of the said Supreme Court, on a corrupt Consideration of acquiring to himself, in lieu thereof, the said disputed Jurisdictions, Powers, Influence, and Authority, throughout the said Kingdoms, together with a great Salary, and other pecuniary Emoluments attached thereto.

That, after the said Appointment of the said Sir Elijah Impey to the said Offices, the said Sir Elijah Impey did propose, and, with the Approbation of the Majority of the said Governor General and Supreme Council, did establish, certain new Regulations, for the Conduct of the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, and the said inferior Courts of Dewannee Adaulet, whereby, among other unwarrantable Ex-tenflons of the Power of the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, the said Sir Elijah Impey did declare it competent to the said last mentioned Court to receive new Evidence on the hearing of Appeals, which had not been given or produced in the inferior Court or Courts from which such Appeals had been brought.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey, by accepting the said Office and Salary, did receive, de from the said Governor General and Council, a Judicial Power and Authority, which they had no Right to confer on him, or on any other Person j and, by accepting the same after the Establishment of Regulations of the said Courts of Dewannee Adaulet, polterior to those

which had been established in the Year 1772 as aforesaid, before the same had been communicated to the said Court of Directors, did give his Sanction and Countenance to the Disobedience of the Orders of the said East India Company, by their Servants, the said Governor General and Council.

That by the said Regulations, established by himself, he did bellow on himself, as Judge of the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, Powers, not only more extensive than were veiled in those who had attempted to delegate their Judicial Authority to him, but totally inconsistent with the Nature of an Appellate Jurisdiction.

That he did also, by his said Acceptance of the said Office and Salary, defeat the salutary Purpose of the Legislature, in prohibiting the said Judges of the said Supreme Court from receiving any Emolument or Advantage whatsoever, excepting their Salaries as such Judges; that he did thereby, contrary to the Nature and Duty of his Office, as Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court, and his own declared Sense and Opinion thereof, become, and render himself, dependant on the said East India Company, and their Servants, the said Governor General and Council, both for the Continuance of the Power and of the pecuniary Advantages which were annexed to the said Office of Judge of the said Court of Sudder Dewannee Adaulet, degraded and disgraced the said Supreme Court of Judicature, of which he was Chief Justice j and by his said several Acts was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

SIXTH CHARGE.

Affidavits.

THAT the said Sir Elijah Impey, being Chief Justice as aforesaid, did, some Time in the Year 1781, by the Instigation of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, then Governor General of Bengal, and under Pretence that a Journey was necessary for the Health of the said Sir Elijah Impfy, and divers other false Pretences, leave Fort William, the Place fixed by Law for holding the Supreme Court, of which he was Chief Justice; and did proceed to the Upper Countries of Benares and Oude, beyond the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, in order to meet, and did there meet, the said Warren Hajlings-, and did, during his said Journey and Absence from Fort William, become the Adviser and Instrument of the said Warren Hajlings,. in communicating to Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire, then British Resident at the Court of Oude, both in Person, and by divers Letters written by the said Sir Elijah Impey to, and received by, the said Nathaniel Middleton, and in urging the said Nathaniel Middleton to carry into Effect, a wicked, unjust, and disgraceful Plan, which bad been concerted between the said Sir Elijah Impey and the said Warren Hajlings, for seizing the Effects and Treasures of the Mother and Grandmother of the Vizier Ufoph Ul , Nabob of

Oude, an Ally of the East India Company: That the said Sir Elijah Impey and Warren Hajlings well knew, at the Time when they so concerted the said Plan,' that the said Effects and Treasures had been bellowed on the said Princesses by Sujab Ul Dowlab, the Father of the said Vizier, and the Possession thereof confirmed to them by the said Vizier, and guaranteed by the English East India Company: That the said Plan was lo formed and concerted by the said Sir Elijah Impey and Warren Hajlings, under the Pretence that the said Princesses had been engaged in a Rebellion against the said Vizier, who was alledged by the said Warren Hajlings and Sir Elijah Impey to be the Sovereign of the said Princesses 5 and the said Plan was afterwards, in a most violent, tyrannical.

12° Decem.

28 Geo. III.

141

and cruel Manner, carried into Execution, by extorting and seizing Effects and Treasures of the said Princesses to a great Amount, in Consequence of the Orders received by the said Nathaniel Middleton from the said Warren Hajlings, through the said Sir Elijah Impey, and by the colourable Authority of the said Vizier, a Prince entirely under the Influence and Controul of the said Warren Hajlings, but contrary to the declared Inclination, as well as the filial Duty, and the Feelings of the said Vizier.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey did also, during his said Journey, become the Adviser and Instrument of the said Warren Hajlings, in collecting pretended Proofs and Evidence against Cheyt Singy the Rajah of Benares, who had been then recently expelled from his Territories by the Oppression and Tyranny of the said Warren Hajlings, in order to procure for the said Warren Hajlings a pretended Justification of the said oppressive and tyrannical Expulsion, «and of the Proceedings of the said Warren Hajlings previous to, and in order to effect that wicked End.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey did moreover become, during his said Journey, the Adviser and Instrument of the said Warren Hajlings, in collecting, in like Manner, pretended Proofs and Evidence against the said Princeflfes, the Mother and Grand-mother of the said Vizier, in order to furnifti a Pretext for the said pre-concerted forcible Seizure of the said Effects and Treasures of the said Princesses.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey, having concerted with the said Warren Hajlings, at Benares, Chunary and other Places, the said oppressive, unjust, and wicked Measures, did proceed to Lucknow, the Court and Residence of the said Vizier; and did, while his Guest, and living in his Capital, and afterwards at Chunar, Buxary and other Places in the said Upper Provinces, administer Oaths to, and reduce, or cause to be reduced, into Writing, the Depositions or Affidavits of divers Persons, both British Subjects and Native MuJJulmen and Gentoos, who offered themselves (or were induced by the said Sir Elijah Impey, the said Nathaniel Middleton, and others) to give Information relative to the supposed Crimes which had been imputed by the said Warren Hajlings to the said Cheyt Sing, and relative to the said supposed Rebellion of the said Princesses.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey, when he took the said Depositions or Affidavits, and administered the said Oaths, had no legal Authority or Commission to act as a Magistrate, or to swear Witnesses, hear Evidence, or take Affidavits, in the said Upper Countries, at the different Places where he took the fame, the Authority and Jurisdiction of the said Sir Elijah Impey, as a Magistrate, being confined to the Kingdoms of Bengal, Bahar, and OriJJa, and notextending, even in those Kingdoms, to such Matters or Persons as were the Subjects of the said Affidavits and Depositions so taken by the said Sir Elijah Impey.

That none of the said Depositions or Affidavits, so taken by the said Sir Elijah impey% were relative to any Suit, Cause, or Prosecution then depending, or about to be institmed, in the said Supreme Court, or before the said Sir Elijah Impey, as Chief Justice thereof, or as a Magistrate or Justice of the Peace.

That although the said Sir Elijah Impey well knew that the said Depositions or Affidavits, in as far as they related to the said Princesses, were intended by the said Warren Hajlings to be made the Foundation or Pretext for seizing their said Effects and Trea-fores, yet he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, neither gave, nor caused nor advised to be given, to the said Prin-cefifes, or to either of them, before, at, or after the Time of taking the said Depositions or Affidavits, any Notice or Intimation of the Intention and Purpose of taking the fame, or of his having taken the fame, or of the Contents or Purport thereof, or did Vol. XLIII.

in any other Manner give, or cause or advise to be given, to the said Princesses, any Opportunity of confronting the said Witnesses so examined against them, or of producing Witnesses or Evidence to disprove or contradict the Fads and Charges set forth in the said Depositions or Affidavits so taken against them.

That, although the pretended Rebellion of the said Princesses against the said Vizier was the Pretext fee up by the said Sir Elijah Impey and Warren Hajlings for seizing the said Effects and Treasures of the said Princesses, he, the said Vizier, had never made any Accusation against them of that Crime, nor had ever proposed such Seizure of their Effects and Treasures on that Account, or at lead never previous to the said Plan so formed by the said Warren Hajlings and Sir Elijah Impey, and the said Communication thereof, by tire said Sir Elijah Impey, to the said Nathaniel Middleton.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey, during his Stay at Lucknow, at the Court of the said Vizier, had frequent Personal Intercourse with him; and yet, although he was daily employed in taking the said Depositions or Affidavits against the said Mother and Grand-mother of the said Vizier, did not inform the said Vizier thereof, or require his Approbation or Concurrence in the said Measure, or in the Plan of seizing the said Effects and Treasures.

That although, in certain of the said Affidavits so taken at Lucknow, there was contained Matter of Accusation against the said Vizier himself, charging him with Acts of Disaffection to the British Government, and although the said Sir Elijah Impey was then his Guest, and did, during his Continuance at Lucknow, accept of Presents, and various other Marks of Hof-pitality and Respect from the said Vizier, yet he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, did receive such Matter of Accusation against the said Vizier, and did not inform him thereof, nor afford him any Opportunity of con-tradiding or disproving the said Acts of Disaffection to the British Government, so by the said Affidavits imputed to him.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey not only advised the Measure of taking the said Depositions or Affidavits, but did also advise and prepare the Form of the Caption or introdudory Part thereof, and did take the said Depositions, when reduced into Writing, sworn to, and signed by the respective Persons taking the fame, into his Custody and Keeping, and did afterwards deliver the same to the said Warren Hajlings, to be by him used for the iniquitous Purposes aforesaid; and did therefore, in those Relpeds, ad as the express Solicitor or Attorney of the said Warren Hajlings, against the find Cheyt Sing and the said Princesses, of the Accuser against the Accuied; — thereby taking upon himself, being then Chief Justice of the said Supreme Court, a Species of Agency which could not have been honourably exercised by any Solicitor, Attorney, private Person, or even menial Servant, of the said y/arren Hajlings.

That the said Sir Elijah Impey not only acted as the Instrument of the said Warren Hajlings, in communicating to the said Nathaniel Middleton, by Letters and in Person, the Commands of the said Warren Hajlings relative to the Matters aforesaid, but also in receiving from the said Nathaniel Middleton his Answers thereto, and in communicating the same verbally to the said Warren Hajlings; and did thereby evade, and enable the said Warren Hajlings to evade, the Spirit of the Statute of the Thirteenth of His present Majesty, Chapter 63, and also an express Order of the Directors of the East India Company, contained in their General Instructions bearing Date the 24th March 1774, by which the said Warren tlajlvgs was directed and ordered to enter on the Confultacions of the Council all Letters received and sent in the Course of his Correspondence; and in Consequence of which

O o Order,

1

Ways and Meins deferred.

Honfr refi/ives lo adjourn to Monday.

Hartford Roads Bill prsientsd.

Member added to bring in Headbourn Worthy Inclosurc Bill.

Hradbouffi Worthy Inclosure Bill presented#

I42

Order, if the said Communication had been made, and the said Answers received, by direct Correspondence between the said Warren and the said Nathaniel Middleton, the same would, or at least ought, to have been entered on the said Consultations.

That by the said Conduct, and the said Acts of the said Sir Elijah Impey, he, the said Sir Elijah , became accessary to, and the Accomplice of the said Warren Hajlings in, the said Acts of Tyranny, Cruelty, and Oppression, committed as aforesaid by the said Warren Hajlings, and by his Direction and Command, against the said Cheyt Sing and the said Princesses; and the said Sir Elijah Impey thereby, in as far as in him

lay, degraded his high Office; drew Contempt and Infamy on the Court of which he was Chief Justice; defeated the wife and benevolent Purposes for which the said Couit was instituted by His Majesty, under the Sandtion and with the Authority of Parliament; disgraced the British Name and Character; and injured and endangered the Interest and Possessions of Great Britain in HindoJIan; — and was, and is, guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Articles be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisj 130 die Dece

Anno 28° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1787.

Prayers.

JDESOLVED, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Sir Philip Hales presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Gamon be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of fane Pyle, Widow, and Nicholas Pyle, on Behalf of themselves

and other the Owners and Proprietors of Lands, Grounds, and Commons, lying within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy, in the County of Southampton.

Mr. Gamon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures. Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy, in the County of Southampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

120 — 130 D.

A. 1787.

Mangotsfield Waite Bill presented.

The Lord Apjley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester (except Mangotsfield Common, Emerson's Green, and Finney Green) and for veiling the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge, Esquire.

Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Relit Charge issuing out of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the first Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, r-ported from the ReponSupply. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Deficiencies. That a Sum, not exceeding Eighty-nine thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-nine Pounds Two Shillings and Five Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the Amount of the respective Sums paid out of the Sinking Fund, to mqke good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day o f January 1787, of the Duties, granted by Two Acts of the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea, to satisfy the several proportional Sums directed by the said Acts to be applied to make good the Loss to sundry Funds; as also to make 1 good to the said Sinking Fund the Loss occasioned by the Repeal of the said Duties j which Deficiency, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, is directed to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-one thousand Eight hundred and Sixteen Pounds Three Shillings and Six Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of January 1787, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year. 1758; which Deficiency, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, is directed to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty-eight thousand Eight hundred and Ninety-five Pounds, Sixteen Shillings and Eight Pence Farthing, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1778 j which Deficiency, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, is directed to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, that it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Forty-three thousand Six hundred and Fourteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Ten Pence Half-penny, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to "make good the Deficiency,

On the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Fund ella-blished for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service-of the Year 1780; which Deficiency, by an Act of the last

D*.

D*.

D*.

i8 Geo. III. 130 — 17°

last Session of Parliament, is directed to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

Deficiencies. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-eight thousand One hundred Forty-four Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency, on the 5th Day of April 1787, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by an Act made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Year 1783; which Deficiency, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, is directed to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

D\ Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Seventy-six thousand Three hundred Sixty-two Pounds Eight Shillings and Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, to replace the like Sum paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good the Deficiency, on the cth Day of January 1787, of the Fund established for paying Annuities, granted by Two Acts made in the Twenty-fourth and Twenty-fifth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, towards the Supply granted for the Service of the Years 1784 and 1785; which Deficiency, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, is directed to be carried to the Consolidated Fund.

The laid Resolutions being severally read,a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Malt BUI An ingrossed Bill for continuing and granting to

paired. His certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder,

and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pa(§: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Land Tax Bill An ingossed Bill for granting an Aid to His Ma-p*ffed* jesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great , for the Ser-

vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Maiine Miiti- An ingossed Bill for the Regulation of His Many Bill pa fled. jesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

Ordered, That Mr. Stephens do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

F-

Bradwell in- A Petition of William Baily, Esquire, Lord of the t!vnUre Manor of Brad-well, in the County of Bucks, James

Shipton, Esquire, the Reverend Thomas Prcpert, Clerk, William Gurden, Thomas Cooper, Samuel Cooper, William Cooper, John King, Thomas Hillyer, George Newman, and others, whose Names are thereunto l'ublcribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Lands and Estates of the Petitioners, in the Open Common Fields within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks, lie dispersed, and so intermixed.

Decembris. 143

that they are incapable of any considerable Improvement in their present Situation, and it will be advantageous to the Petitioners, and Persons interested in the said Fields, with the Waste Lands and Commonable Places thereto belonging, to have the same divided and inclosed: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Common Fields, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, and Sir John Aubrey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

hun<s^ 170 die Decembris;

Anno 28° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1787.

Prayors.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford The Lord* and Mr. Walker: hmigiecdt*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Milt Bill. Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight , without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Land Ta* Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Bill*

Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marine Mu-Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces nnjr B‘11, while on Shore* without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Harwich the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Harwich,in the County of Essex, in the room of John Robinson, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests.

A Bill for pulling down the Church of Saint James cierkenwll at Clerkenwell,in the County of and for ^hufc^ Bill

building a new Church, and making a new Church comm‘ ' Yard or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jackson, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition inFa-thereunto subscribed, being principal Inhabitants of the Town of Brighthelmfione,in the County of Sussex, Campbell was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. Application That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a ^Brighthelm-Petition hath been presented from Morse and stone.

William Campbell, Esquires, for Leave to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Theatre in the said Town: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition.

Ordered, '

144 170 Decembris. A. 1787.

House acquainted that His Majesty Had ordered a Court to be prepared for Mr. Haftmgs's Tiial.

Accounts of Revenue arif-io£ from the Licence Duty on Stills in Scotland} orjeicd.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That His Majesty has been pleased to give Orders, that a Court be prepared in for the Trial of Warren Hafiings, Esquire.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Licence Duty of £.i. io per Gallon per Annum on the Stills in Scotland, from the 5th of July 1786 to the 5th of July 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Licence Duty of f. 1. lor. per Gallon per Annum on the Stills in Scotland, from the 5th of July 1787 to the 5th of January 1788, as far as the same can be made up.

Accounts of British Spirits and Compounds tent fiom Scotland to England, ordered.

Hctidboum Worthy Inclosure Bill committed.

Royal Aficnt (0 Bills.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Spirits and Com-

pounds sent from Scotland to England, distinguishing each Port, from the 5th of 1786 to the 5th of July 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of British Spirits and Compounds sent from Scotland to England, distinguishing each Port, from the 5th of July 1787 to the 5th of January 1788, as far as the same can be made up.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, "Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy, in the County of Southampton,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ga-tnon, Mr. Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -neux, Gentleman Uftier of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House had attended His Majesty in the House of Peers, where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Aflfent to the several public Bills following; viz.

An Act for continuing and granting to His Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Cyder, and Perry, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight:

An Act for granting an Aid to His Majesty by a Land Tax, to be raised in Great Britain, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

An Act for the Regulation of His Majesty’s Marine Forces while on Shore.

ford, Mr. Marsham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands within Swabyand the Parishes or Townships of and ,in Beiieauinclo.

the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, ur* em‘0Q: and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Parishes or Townships, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, containing about 1,500 Acres, wherein the Lands of the Petitioners and others lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and are in general so inconveniently situated, as to render the Cultivation thereof difficult and expensive, and in their present Situation arc incapable of much Improvement; and that it would tend greatly to the Advantage of the several Proprietors if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the Persons interested therein, in Proportion to their respective Rights and Properties.: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Robert Burton and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for extinguishing all Right of Common on Mangold the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Ma- waiteBiii nor and Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of cesler (except Mangotsfield Common, Emerson's Green, and Vinney Green) and for veiling the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge, Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Relit Charge issuing out of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eliot, the Lord Apjley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of ‘Thomas Millard, Brown, Mearand

Shuckborough How, Arthur Pbippen, and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, pluttox That there are several Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, called Godney Moor, Panborough Moor, Teo Moor, Ox Moor, Part of Gulway Moor, Part of Great Notlake Moor, Part of Little Notlake Moor, Cocklake Load, and Bagley Green, lying within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore,in the county of ; and

also several other Pieces or Parcels of Waste Land/, within the Manors of Wedmore, Churchland, and ley, in the said Parish of Wedmore, containing together, by Estimation, about i,8oo Acres; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons interested in the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, but of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilbert, Sir John Trevelyan, and Mr. Philips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Danford A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying the

«o°nmitu'd. Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Hartford, in the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mit-

A Petition of Samuel Norman, John Prankerd, Cor- Bieadon tn-nelius Tutton, George Teo, and others, was presented to clolurc Pe' the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are certain Commons or Waste Lands, called Week Wharf,

Little Stroud, Great Stroud, Horn Leaze, Southern Mead,

The Wharf, and Blcadon Hill, lying within the Manor and Parish of Bieadon, in the County of Somerset,

containing

1

2,8 Geo. III.

170 Decembris.

containing, by Estimation, about 1,260 Acres; and that it will not only be of great Benefit and Advantage to all Persons inrerested in the said Commons or Waste Lands, if the same were properly divided and inclosed, but of public Utility \ And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing and dividing the said Commons or Waste Lands, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Gilberty Sir John Trevelytin> and Mr. Pbelips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

iHouse requires Re/ohed, That this House will, at the Rising of the J°.ttjanuaiy0. House this Day, adjourn till the 31st Day of

January next.

Several Per- Ordered, That Richard Tilyer Blunt, Esquire, do, CoiviTi 't 'eon upon Friday the ift Day of February next, attend the Com uiiiiilerj Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about London.

Ordered, That Richard Filyer Blunt, Junior, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John IVkite do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Edwards do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Cartwright do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of compleating the Fortifications intended in the Indies-, distinguishing the

Sums proposed to be allotted to the Defence of each Island, and an Account of the Number of Troops necessary to Garrison the Whole.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an to^hcord-ng Account to shew how the Money granted by Parlia-»ance} order- ment, for the lart: Four Years, to the Ordnance, has been actually applied towards the Services for which it has been voted; distinguishing the Sums voted, and the Application of them in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Savings made by employing a considerable Part of the Royal Regiment of Artillery as Artificers and Labourers, according to the Plan of the Master General of the Ordnance, submitted to this House in the Year 1783, and the Numbers and Establishment of such Body of Military Artificers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of His Majesty’s Warrant for raising a Corps of Military Artificers, and the Instructions issued by the Master General of the Ordnance for recruiting the said Corps, and the Purpose, Expence, and Establishment of the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Agreement with Mr. Walton, for the Purchase of the Powder Mills at Waltham Abbey.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a ' Return of the Civil Establishment, and of the Number of Men now employed at the Royal Powder Mills at Faversham, and an Estimate of all Expences in carrying on the Works, and of all Materials supplied to the fame, together with an Account of the Quantity of Powder made there since the ill of January 1784-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of such Articles as have been supplied for the Ordnance Service, either by private Agreement with the Board, or by their special Orders together Vol. XLIII.

retiyon.

Motion for an Estimate of the Expence of compleating the Fortifications in the West Indies withdrawn*

Accounts and

with a comparative View of the Prices for which such Articles were proposed to be furnished, as entered in the Surveyor General’s Office.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Civil Establishment under the Board of Ordnance in the West Indies, North , and the Bahama Islands, distinguishing the Additions which have taken Place since the Year 1783, and the Time when such Additions were made to the said Establish-' ments.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Expence of,compleating Fort Cumberland, according to the Plan of the Works now carrying on.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Convicts which have been employed from Time to Time in the said W orks.

The House being informed that Mr. Fordyce, Se- steport from cretary to the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the J^'ndKeveiro< Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Second Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues- of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents: And also,

A Book, intituled, " Schedules referred to in the " Second Report of the Commissioners of the Land " Revenue, dated the nth December 1787."

And then he withdrew.

And the 'Titles of the said Report and Book were read.

The said Book is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session -, and the said Report, and the Abstracts at the End of the Schedules, with the Lift of the Auditors, and of the Receivers, at the End of the Schedule C. all which are referred to in the Report, are as followeth} viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgestes, in Parliament assembled. ‘

The Second Report of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition, of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

IN our First Report, made during the last Session of Parliament, we briefly mentioned, that the Landed Possessions and Revenues of the Crown were composed of Three distinct Branches: That is to say,

First, Of the Landed Possessions of the Crown granted by Lease.

Secondly, Of the Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces.

Thirdly, Of Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

And we mentioned, that we should regulate our Proceedings and Reports on these Subjects so as to keep the Examination and Enquiry separare and distinct on each Branch, for the Reasons there set forth.

It was our Intention, that the Woods and Forests should have been the Subject of our Second Report; because the Abuses which we have discovered to exist in that Department, and the Importance of preserving and protecting those Nurseries of Timber for the Support of the Naval Strength of this Kingdom, seemed to demand from us the earliest Attention: But

P p if

L-

Journals, Vol. itli, Page 150.

146 170 Decembris.A. 1787.

as we found it indispensably necessary, for enabling us Thirdly, The rest of the Fee Farm and other Dry to report the State of the Forests with due Accuracy, Rents in the several Counties of exclusive of

to cause geometrical and descriptive Surveys to be the Viscontiel Rents. These are in Charge before made thereof, and have not been able, with the utmost Two Auditors, One for the Four Counties of Diligence of the Surveyors, to get such Surveys com- Derby, Lincoln, and Nottingham, and the other for all pleated, so as to enable us to report on the Subject of the rest of the Counties: The Collection of the Forests within the Time limited by the Act for these Rents is made in Twenty-one Divisions, by making our Report after the Commencement of Thirteen Receivers General; and the Accounts there-the Session of Parliament, we were compelled to of are finally Hated and passed before the respective take up the Consideration of the Fee Farm and other Auditors.

Unimproveable Rents, as the Subject of this Re- Although we conceive that the Produce of these port. Rents, as well as of the Rents reserved on Leases,

The Revenue of the Crown, in Rents of this De- after deducting the Annual established Charges there-feription, was formerly very considerable: By the on, ought to appear in the Receipts of His Majesty’s Report of a Committee of the House of Commons, Exchequer, as Part of the Aggregate Fund, under appointed to enquire into the State of the Public Re- the Head of " Rents of Landsyet we do not find venue, in the jath Year of King Charles the Second any Part of such Rents brought to Account there, (1660) it appeared that " The Revenue of Farms and excepting One Fee Farm Relit of One thousand Two " Rents amounted to Two hundred and Seventeen hundred Pounds per Annum, charged on the Manors " thousand Nine hundred Pounds per Annum, exclu- of Mulgrave and in , and accounted for

" five of Forty-five thousand Six hundred and Ninety- as " Relit of Allum Works;" and some small Parts " eight Pounds per Annum, stated to be casual and of the Viscontiel Rents, paid into the Exchequer *c for the most Part loft." This Revenue, however, under the Head of " Sheriffs Proffers." The Ba-did not long remain undiminished: Great Defalcations lances of the other Rents collected by the respective were made in it in the early Part of that Reign, by Receivers in England and H ales, are occasionally drawn various Grants to Individuals; and in the and and out of their Hands by Debentures from the Auditors, 23d Years of the same King, a general Sale and Alie- for various Purposes, in pursuance of Warrants from nation of the Fee Farm Rents took Place: Two Acts the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, as of Parliament were then passed for the Sale of all we shall state more particularly at a future Pe-Rents of that Description in the several Counties of riod.

England, and for veiling the same in Trustees for that In order to bring the Particulars of these Rents Purpose: And although by the Act passed in the First Officially before us, and to enable us to form com-Year of Queen Anne,the Crown was restrained from pleat Schedules thereof, from the most authentic Do-granting in Perpetuity any Part of its Land Revenue, cuments, we issued our Precepts to the Clerk of the a Proviso was inserted, that the Trustees for Sale of Pipe, and the several Sheriffs charged with the Col-Fee Farm Rents should not be disabled from execut- lection of the Viscontiel Rents j and to the respective ing any of the Trulls of the said Acts of Parliament. Auditors and Receivers of the Land Revenue in By virtue of these Acts the most considerable Part of England and But though we were readily fur-

the Revenue of Fee Farm Rents has been alienated nished by the Officers of the Pipe writh Copies of the from the Crown: The Residue, as will appear in the Accounts of Viscontiel Rents, from the Great Roll accompanying Schedules, consists chiefly of very small of the Exchequer, and by the several Auditors with Rents, issuing out of F.states widely scattered through- Transcripts of the Rentals in their respective Divisionsj out the Kingdom; the Collection troublesome and we have found it a Matter of much Difficulty to af-expensive to the Crown, and burthensome to the Sub- certain, with Precision, what Rents are actually due jest; and many of the Rents in Danger of being loft: to and remaining in the Crown. By the aforesaid

The Powers of these Acts were not wholly repealed, Acts of King Charles the Second, for the Sale of Fee nor the Residue of the Rents which remained undif- Farm Rents, it was enacted, that the Conveyances of posed of, re-vested in His Majesty, until the passing such Rents should be made by Indentures of Bargain of the late Act, by which we were appointed Com- and Sale, which should be inrolled in any of the Four missioners for this Enquiry, with Power to fell and Courts at and the Purchasers having

alienate the Remainder of such Rents, except those availed themselves of the Liberty of making the In-within the Survey of the Dutchy of Lancaster. rollment in either of the Four Courts (which in strict

To enable us to execute this Trust with Precision Propriety we conceive ought to have been confined to and Regularity, it was necessary for us to obtain exact the Court of Exchequer only, or to the Offices of the Accounts of the Particulars and actual Produce of the respective Auditors before whom the Rents stood in Rents remaining undisposed of; which Rents, for the Charge, that they might be duly apprized of the Sale, Sake of Clearness and Perspicuity, may be divided into and authorized to discharge them from the Rentals) Three distinct Classes, according to the several De- it has happened that many of the Rents actually dif-partments from whence they are given in Charge to be posed of in pursuance of those Acts have been conti-collected, and where the Accounts thereof are audited nued on the Rentals } the Auditors conceiving that and passed; viz. they were not authorized to put them out of Charge,

First, The Rents called Viscontiel Rents, (landing without having the Inrollments of the Purchase Deeds in Charge on the Great Roll of the Exchequer, before them.

These Rents are Yearly font out in Process from the By the same Acts for Sale of Fee Farm Rents, it Office of the Pipe, to be collected by the several was directed, that no Rents which had been unpaid Sheriffs of Counties, Cities, and Towns, in England " for the greater Space of Forty Years then last past" cniy. ' should be inserted in any Grant to be made to the

Secondly, The Fee Farm and other Dry Rents in said Trustees for Sale, until the same had been reco-the Principality of Wales and County of Monmouth, vered in due Course of Law. — In consequence of These Rents are in Charge before One Auditor for which Direction, and for want of Authority to dif-that whole Division, and are in the Collection of Two charge such Rents from the Rentals, many Rents Receivers General, One for the Division of North which had been unpaid for the greater Part of Forty Wales, and the other for South Wales with Monmouth; Years, or more, prior to the 22d and 23d of Charles whose Accounts are finally audited and passed before II4, are continued on the Rentals at this Day, but con-the Auditor of that Principality. stantly returned in Arrear.

Another

Another Circumstance, which increases the Difficulty of ascertaining precisely what Rents now belong to die Crown, is, that many of the Rents liable to Sale tinder the Acts of 22d and 23d Charles IId, were in Jointure to Catherine, then Queen Consort, afterwards Queen Dowager, and were fold in Reversion after her Decease: On the Death of that Queen, which happened in the Year 1705, the Revenues which had been in Jointure to her were directed, by the then Lord Treasurer, to be given in Charge to the several Auditors and Receivers of the Crown Land Revenue, according to their respective Divisions: Bur, either from the Officers to whom that Business was entrusted not knowing what Rents in the Queen’s Jointure had attually been fold; or, the Auditors not having the Purchase Deeds inrolled before them; many Rents which had been disposed of, were then given in Charge, and have ever since been continued on the Rentals, though constantly returned in Arrear. And although such Purchase Deeds must have been inroiled in some One of the Four Courts, to make the Title of the Purchaser valid, yet, as such Inrollments were made, promiscuously with others, in each of the Four Courts, and there are not, at this Dav, any other Helps to an Examination of them than Indexes of the Names of the Parties, an Investigation of that Kind would have been attended with much Expence, and, probably, with little Utility. To these Causes, principally, we conceive it to be owing, that the Rentals for most of the Divisions of the Englif Counties are loaded with Rents which are never received, but are kept in Charge under the Denomination of Supered Rents, or, Old Supers; an Official Term, applied to Rents which have been Sixty Years or upwards in Arrear.

For these Reasons, arid because we have not been able to obtain any exact Lifts of the Fee Farm Rents payable to the Crown before such Sale began, nor of the Rents fold in pursuance of the aforesaid Acts, we have been obliged to take up the Matter, as we found it, from the Returns made to us by the Auditors and Clerk of the Pipe; and have, consequently, been subject to great Uncertainty, in forming Conclusions respecting the Rents in Arrear, which of them ought to be deemed good or recoverable Rents, and which have been actually disposed of, or are become illeviable from any other Cause.

Assisted by the Returns above-mentioned, we have formed the Three Schedules accompanying this Report, and severally marked A. B. C.

The Schedule A. contains an Abstract of the Vif-contiel Rents and Seizures, Yearly sent out in Process from the Great Roll of the Pipe, to be levied by the respective Sheriffs; whose Duty it is, likewise, to receive and account for the Post Fines, Fines of Assize and Sessions, Monies levied by Writs of Levari facias. Felons Goods, and other Matters: But these being casual and not fixed Revenues, we have not included them in this Schedule; which is confined to the Vif-contiel Rents and Seizures, and is abstracted from the Returns made to us by the Clerk of the Pipe, of the Whole of the Sheriff’s Accounts, as they were passed for the Year ending at Michaelmas 1785.

In forming this Schedule, we have endeavoured, from the Returns made to our Precepts by most of the Under Sheriffs, and from Information obtained through other Channels, to supply the Names of the Persons at present liable to the Payment of the Rents, as far as we have been able to discover them, instead of the Names appearing on the Great Roll of the Pipe, which, in many Initances, have been the same for Centuries part. To this we have added, an Abstract of the ancient Description of the Estate, with the Annual Rents, the Number of Years in Arrear, and the present Amount of the Arrears; in which we have

endeavoured to distinguisfi the Rents Annually received by the Sheriff's, from the Rents not received, but answered by them out of their olvn Purse; and have given an Account of the Rents which are chtiled, or vihilled, on the Sheriff’s AppofaI,on parting of his Account: And at the Conclusion of the Schedule, we have formed an Abstract of the Whole,

r.

3-

s.

T4*

shewing, at one View, the Annual Amount of the Rents actually received by the Sheriffs, and of those answered, but not by them received; the Total Amount of the Rents and Seizures, as well answered as nichilled', and the Total Amount of the accumulated Arrears,

On Reference to this Abstract it will appear, that the Annual Amount of the Rerits actually collected by the respective Sheriffs of Counties, Cities, and Towns in England, as far as we have been able to ascertain by Returns, is Three hundred and Thirteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Nine Pence Farthing: That the Amount of Rents answered by the Sheriffs, though not actually received, is Two hundred and Fifty-tw'o Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Eighths of One Penny. But the Sheriffs of Horsetfire, Hertford fire, and Oxford fire, as also of the Cities of Canterbury and Norwich, and the Towns of Nottingham and Southampton, not having returned any Answers to our repeated Precepts, we cannot insert the Proportions in those Divisions: All that we can state, with Certainty, is, that the Amount of the Fee Farm and fixed Viscontiel Rents, answered by all the Sheriffs, is only Eight hundred and Twenty-seven Pounds Eleven Shillings and One Penny Three Farthings: That the Amount of such Rents rdcbilled on parting the Sheriffs Accounts, is Two hundred and Twenty-eight' Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six f

Pence Farthing: That the Amount of Seizures, adtu- f#

ally answered, is Four Pounds Five Shillings and £-4* s-Four Pence: That the Annual Amount of Seizures given in Charge to the Sheriffs to be collected, but nichilled on parting their Accounts, is Five thousand £.5,494. is. Four hundred and Ninety-four Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Five Pence; and that the Aggregate of the accumulated Arrears to Michaelmas 1785, is Three hundred and Eighty-nine thousand Nine hun- £.3*9,905. 1. dred and Five Pounds One Shilling and Five Pence Three Farthings.

£.Sc7.

A more particular Detail of the Manner of fending out the Annual Procels to the several Sheriffs, from the Office of the Pipe, and of the tedious and chargeable Forms of parting the Sheriffs Accounts, through the numerous Offices connected therewith, in the present System of accounting; with our Opinion how the same may be conduced with more Dispatch, and greater Oeconomy, will be the Subject of a future Report: We shall only observe here, that an Officer, whose Authority continues for One Year only, is not well calculated to collect or preserve a Revenue so generally and vaguely described, as the Estates chargeable with these Rents appear to be, in the Process with which the Sheriffs are furnished.

The Schedule B. contains a Particular of the Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents in the Principality of Wales, including Monmouth; in which are specified, the Estates from which the Rents issue, by what Grants they are reserved (where the Grants appear) by whom payable, to what Time paid, the Number of Years in Arrear, and, the Amount of Arrears in each County; of all which, an Abstract is formed at the End of each Division, and a general Abstract at the End of both. By Reference to the Abstract at the End of the Division of North Wales, it will appear, that the Annual Amount of Fee Farm Rents given in Charge to the Receiver Geneial, Glynn Wymt, Esquire, is Three thousand Three hundred and £.3,;,05. 4. Five Pounds Six Shillings and One Penny Farthing;

3 but

d.

9b

d.

~i-

d.

d.

6b

4-

d.

5-

d.

<1

d.

G-

148

Decembris.

A. 1787,

£.32,099. *

d.

7-

f.

3,036.13.

f.6,672. j.

£ 6>3J:

rf.

J.

61.

fl.

J. J.

£ ;S,77i. 1 *

d.

£.io. 12. 1.

£ 10. £

but out of this Total, many of the particular Rents in each County are become illeviable, from a Variety of Circumstances, and others are fallen many Years in Arrcarj but we trust, that most of the latter will be recoverable by proper Exertions. It is not easy, at this Juncture, to discriminate accurately between the illeviable Rents, and recoverable Rents in Arrear; but the Aggregate Amount (including the Collection Rents in the Receipt of Edvard , one of the Bailiffs or Sub-Receivers) at the Time of making up this Account, on the 10th of October 1786, was Thirty-two thousand and Ninety-nine Pounds Six Shillings and Seven Pence.

The same Kind of Abstract, at the End of the Division of South Wales and County of , ffiews,

that the Annual Amount of the Fee Farm Rents given in Charge to the Receiver General, the Right honourable Charles James Fox, including certain Payments called Comorthas (which are a Species of Rents payable Once in Two, Three, or Four Years, according to the Custom, and which are Averaged at those Rates respectively) is Three thousand and Thirty-six Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny Half-penny. The Rents in this Division are much better collected and brought to Account than those in North Wales; for the Aggregate Amount of Arrears is only Six thousand Six hundred and Seventy-two Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Farthing j of which we conceive a considerable Part to be recoverable, from the Shortness of the Periods at which they respectively commenced. The Annual Amount of the Rents in Charge, in the Two Divisions, is Six thousand Three hundred and Fifty-two Pounds One Shilling and Two Pence Three Farthings; and the Total of the Arrears accumulated thereon, amounts to Thirty-eight thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Eight Shillings and One Penny Farthing.

It may be proper here to remark, That amongst the Rents in Wales there are many called Collection Rents, of which a considerable Part is now in Arrear; and there is a Relit called The Tunc Relit, peculiar to Fiintshire,amounting to Eighty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Two Pence per Annum, which is attended with Circunistances of a singular Nature, and requires some Exertion to restore the Collection thereof. Formerly every Sheriff of Fiintshire, at the Time of passing his Account before the Auditor, paid this Relit of Eighty Pounds Twelve Shillings and Two Pence, in full, at the Audit, until the Sheriffalty of Thomas Kyffyn, FTquire, in 1766, when only Twenty Pounds were paid to the Receiver; and in the following Year, the Payment was reduced to Ten Pounds; since which Period no Part of it has been paid at the Audits.

The Schedule C. contains a Particular of the Fee Farm and other Dry and Unimproveable Rents within the Audits of James West and Henry Shelley, Esquires; comprizing all the Counties in England, except Monmouth: In which Schedule are dated, as concisely as possible, the different Descriptions of Rents receivable in each County and Division, in the Order in which they are enumerated in the Lift at the End of the Schedule: And, in order to shew the actual State of the receivable Rents, and the current Arrears thereop, in Comparison with the Old Supers or illeviable Rents, the Totals of these Three Columns are made up at the End of each Class, and the general Total at the End of each County, as well as at the End of each Receiver’s Division; so that, as far as regards each Receiver, the Abstract we have formed at the End of his particular Division, ffiews, at one View, the Total of Rents he ought to receive Annually, the Arrears which he or his Predccessors have differed to accumulate on the receivable Rents, and, the Annual Amount

r. , * I

~ r* 1

£ 9>°73» 5. a

r u *'

*4*53S« 7-J,

x. i

£.8,878. 17.

of Rents admitted as Old Supers; of which latter Kind we have thought it diffident to state the Totals only, as the Insertion of the Particulars would have swelled the Schedule considerably to no Purpose.

On Reference to the Recapitulation of the Abstrafks of Rents in the Collection of the several Receivers General, at the End of the Schedule C. it will appear, that the Annual Total of good Fee Farm Rents, re-ceiveable in the Audits of James West and Henry Shelley, Esquires, amounts to Five thousand Fojur hundred and Sixty-two Pounds One Shilling and Five Pence Three Farthings; that the Annual Total of Old Supers is Ninethousand and Seventy-three Pounds Five Shillings and Six Pence Seven Eighths of One Penny; and, that the Annual Total of Fee Farm and other Dry Rents, which, at first View, appears to be the Amount of the Annual Rental, it Fourteen thousand Five hundred and Thirty-five Pounds Seven Shillings and Five Eighths of One Penny. The Aggregate of the Arrears is Eight thousand Eight hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Nine Pence; which we shall call on the several Receivers to collect or account for, agreeable to the Powers of the Ad, if the Arrears are not speedily reduced to a reasonable Balance, in those Counties where they appear most considerable.

Upon the Whole, it will appear that the Amount of the receivable Fee Farm and other Dry and Unimproveable Rents in the several Counties of England and Wales, accounted for before the Clerk of the Pipe, and the respective Auditors, is as follows:

Viscontiel Rents and Seizures in the English Counties, accounted for in the Pipe Office,

Rents in North and South Wales, accounted for to the Auditor of that Principality, — —

Rents in the several Divisions of the Counties of England, in the Aaidits of James West and Henry Shelley,

Esquires, — —

' $

Making a Total of 12,635 19 2*

Though we have stated the Totals of the Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents audited in these several Departments, to be the Amount of such Rents at present payable to the Crown; yet we muftiemark that the Fee Farm Relit of One thousand and Two hundred Pounds, paid Half Yearly into the Exchequer from the Manor of Mulgrave and is of the lame

Description, and Should be taken in Addition to the Totals above stated; and, that this Part of the Land Revenue will be considerably augmented in the Year 1804, by the Return of many Rents, formerly settled on Catherine Queen Dowager, but afterwards granted away for Terms of Ninety-nine Years, to commence at her Death, which happened in the Year 1705.

Of these Rents we have already fold a considerable Number to the Proprietors of the Estates out of which they issued, to whom the Act directs the Preference of Purchase to be given until the First Day of January next; and we have received Applications for the Purchase of a great many more. — The Produce arising from the Sale has been inverted in the Three per Cent. Consolidated Annuities, agreeably to the Provisions of the Act; and the Capital purchased therewith, and (landing in the Name of the Lord High Treasurer of England, is at present Forty thousand £ 4°>5 Pounds.

Land Revenue Office,

Scotland Tard,

11th December 1787.

£ S. d.

16 Si

6,342 1

5,462 1 s

Cha‘ Middleton. (L. S.) J Call. (L.S.)

,cos-

The

*49

The following are the Titles and Abstracts of the Schedules, annexed to the preceding Report.

Schedule A.

An ABSTRACT of the Viscontiel Rents Annually sent out in Process from the Office of the Pipe, to the respective Sheriffs of the several Counties, Cities, and Towns in England.

Schedule B.

A PARTICULAR of the Fee Farm stnd other Dry and Unimproveable Rents, payable to His Majesty within the Principality of Wales and County of Monmouth, in the Two Divisions of North and South , as they arc

usually given in Charge by the Auditors to the respective Receivers.

Schedule C<

A PARTICULAR of thtj Fee Farm and other Dry and Unimproveable Rents, payable to His Majesty throughout the several Counties of England}. except Monmouth, in Twenty-one Divisions, as they arc usually given in Charge by the Auditors to the several Receivers.

1 1

ABSTRACT of Schedule A.

ABSTRACT of Totals collected within the several Counties#

COUNTIES. Annual Amount of Rents ad)ually received by the Sheriffs. Anntial Amount of Rents aftfwer-ed, bat not received by the Sheriffs. Total Amount of Rents answered. Annual - Amount of Rents nichill’d on the Sheriffs Apposal. Annual Amount of Seizures answered. Annual Amount of Seizures mchiH’d. Total Amoont of Arrears of Rents and Seizures nichiird.

£- s £. s. d. 1- r. £ d. 1- * d. d. £- *

Bedfordshire — — 5 8 3 17 3 9 15 11: — IO II I 16 8 166 — 6

Berkshire — — 4 17 81 4 17 81 - 13 8 46 IO — 2,683 9 7

Buckinghamshire — 66 18 1 — 16 — 67 14 — I — 863 — 4 63*970 — 4

Cambridge and Hun- 7 tingdonshires f 6 6 8 1196 8 6 2 11 14 — — 98 IO — 8,897 6 5

Cornwall — — 3 3 4 4162 7 19 6 — — - 78 IO — 6>532 3 IO

Cumberland — — 4 9 8 617 IO 11 3 7 — — — — 553 — —

Derbyshire — — 2 5 — ~ 5 1 2 10 1 - 7 6 — 43 10 — 2,707 11 9

Devonshire — — — 35 9 5 35 9 5 7119 — 197 8 — 8,928 14 9

Dorsetshire — — — — 30 2 34- 1161 — IO — 30 — — 2,289 *3 3

Essex — — - I IO I 3 i3 — 5 3 1 .11 7 24 — 115 — — 12,614 11 24-

Gloucestershire — — 9 4 Ur 5 IS 24: 15 — 2 — — 35 *7 6 1,213 6 3r

Herefordshire — — - — 15 10 1 5 34 2 1 11 — I — 44 10 — 5>!74 17 34

Hertfordshire — — — — 2 2 IJ 1 13 6 — 317 10 — 24,987 4 6

Kent — — 12 3 6 10 21 18 13 944 16 13 1 — 578 - — 32,665 12 34

Leicestershire — — 2 3 I 1 4 3 3 7 4 3 n 34 — — 292 15

Lincolnshire — — 16 8 24 22 4 14. 38 12 4 612 24 — goo 12 9 56,984 18 5*

London and - 35 if 8 50 11 1 86 6 9 4 13 5 — 59 — 4,687 12 1

Monmouthshire — 2 — - — 6 8 2 6 8 — 24 — — 2,430 14 4

Norfolk — — 24 3 5 42 10 — 66 i3 5i — — 5 10 — 264 — —

Nertbamptonshire — 9 6 3t 3 5 74 12 ti 11

Northumberland — 7 4 9 — 1 4 7 6 1 3 i4 — — — IO — 404 18 8

Nottinghamshire — 35 11 1 — 16 35 12 7 7 15 — — 2 — — 1,049 4 6

Oxfordshire — — — — 51 14 3i 3122 — 292 — — 20,397 IO 3

Rutlandshire — — — IO — — 1 — 10 1 3 15 4 — — 428 6 .3

Shropshire — — 4 4 1 — IO Il{ 4 >5 — 1 10 4t — 13 4 15 — — 1,126 — 54-

Somersetshire — — 2 6 8 19 5 9; 21 12 Si 5 *3 6 i75 2 — 15,600 5 2

Southampton — — — — , 7 6 4 7 5 8 — 14® 3 9 7,054 11 7

Staffordshire — — 2 18 8 3211 6 1 7 8 8 — — 238 15 9 15.396 13 i4

Sufolk — — — 712 6^ 7 12 64. 14 13 4t — 222 — — 17,880 12 6i-

Surrey — — 4 5 4 — 1 — 4 6 4 21 — 14 — 152 3 — 14,877 14 2

Sussex — — — 3 7 6 3 7 6 3 14 2j — — 365 7 84-

U arxvickshire — 1 7 8 1 9 84 2 17 4r — — 283 — — 19,950 6 94

WeSimorland — — — 1 - — — 1 — 6,146 1

Wiltshire — — 30 9 IO 4 3 5 34 T3 3 — — 72 — — 34

Worceflerffire — — 3 7 ni 3 7 ni 7 3 8 — 131 16 4 7*311 18 64

Yorkshire — 4 4 6 3 3 2 7 7 8 50 11 8 3 " 33i 2 4 22,540 2 54

Total Counties L 295 16 1 TV 241 16 - — 4 628 17 H 214 18 ()% 4 5 4 5,494 18 5 388,573 6 44

Total Cities and Towns 17 17 8 10 18 — 198 14 — 13 15 — — *>331 15 1

Total I- 313 13 K> 1-4 1 827 II ii 228 13 6* 4 5 4 5,494 18 5 389,905 1 54

1

Xoi. XLIII.

Q_q ABSTRACT

17° Decembris.

A. 1787

*50

ABSTRACT of Totals collected within the Cities and Towns.

CITIES and TOWNS. Annual Amount of Rents actually received by i the Sheriff. Annual Amount of Rents answer-cd, but not received by the Sheriff. rotal Amount j of Rents answered. Annual Amount of tents nichiird on the Sheriffs Apposal. Total Amount of Arrears of Rents nichill’d.

£> s>d- £. t, £. s. d. £. s. d. £>’

City of Bristol — — 9 *3 7 1 15 8' 11 9 3

Canterbury — — — 00 OO

Coventry — — — — 1 — 1 — r- 1 I

Exeter — — ' — a 11 — 18 10 ' 11 9 "1 3 4 128 6 8

Gloucester- 1 — — — M — 9 2 I — r a

Lincoln — — — r 1 — — 1 -- 9 — a 1,016 19 1®

Litchfield (nil) - ~ '

Norwich -t — -r ' — 272 — 17 2 8a 6 4

Wortefier — — - P 1 — — a i

Jor* — — — 5 6 " 5 <j- — i — 101 a n

Town of Kingston upon Hull — 3 $ 4 . — 384 1

Newcastle upon Eyne — 3 *3 8 — 15 4 4 9 —

Nottingham — — — — a 14 5

Poole — — -? — 12 — — 12 —

Southampton - 150 18 1 , 2 13 4 2 13 4

Totals — 17 *7 8 IO l8 — 198 14 — 13 *5 — i>33J *5 1

r — 1

Land Revenue Office, Scotland Yard, tith Dectmr 1787.

Cha' Middleton, 7«» Call.

abstract

a8 Gjeo. III. x'7®

V *

ABSTRACT of Schedule B.

15 1

TOTALS CO L.L E C T E E).

NORTH WALES.

Anglesey '« — Carnarvon —

Merioneth

Denbigh

Flint — Montgomery

Annual Amount of Fee Farm Rents.

£. J. d.

4*5 9 71

539 6

228 9 9

— 1,746 19 4

Anglesey —

— - — Carnarvon —

- Merioneth —

D® Rents in the Collection 7 of Ed w4 Jones — J

Denbigh

D# Rents in the Collection 7 of Edw4 Jones — j

Flint —

Montgomery

Total Amount of Arrears.

£ s. 3>S36 *4

6,750 14

1,226 13 851 17 3*679 4 11,990 a 3»54S 5 518 13

d.

4

9 \

5

61

6

32,099 6 7

Note. The Reason why the Arrears of Col-ledioiL- Rents are not inserted in the Column of 4rrears, in the respective Counties of Merioneth and Denbigh, is, that the Whole of the Collections are not in Arrear, but a Part only; and the Particu~ lars of which Part cannot be ifcertaSned, foot being returned t>y the Bailiff, *

Annual Amount of Total Amount of

SOUTH WALES. Fee Farm Rents. Arrears.

£. t. d. £. s. d.

Pembroke — — 1,137 12 U — - Pembroke — 2,405 18 61

Carmarthen 1 — — - 743 12 5 — Carmarthen — 1,041 14 9

D® Comortha’$ — 4 6 — f

Cardigan — — 382 3 9» — 1 Cardigan — 763 19 4

D® Comortha’S — 14 19 4

Brecknock — — 258 2 74 301 18

D® Comortha’s — — 39 3 4ll */ *

Radnor — — *32 16 — — Radnor 1 — — 476 15 9?

D® Comortha’s — 1 18 9 -

Glamorgan — — 114 II IO‘ 973 H

Monmouth — — "f+ 00 CO 0 ct " Monmouth — O OO M

£ 3,036 15 1| £ 6,672 1 6l

TOTAL AMOUNT.

North Wales — —

South Wales — —

D® Comortha’s Com’ Ann*

L-

Total Amount of Total Amount of

Fee Farm Rents. Arrears.

£. s. d. £. s. d.

3,305 6 ii North Wales — 32,099 6 7

2,976 7 71 6,672 1 6|

60 7 6:

'6,342 1 2* & 38j77 1 8 ii

1

Land Revenue Office,

Scotland Yard, Cha Middleton,

nth Decern' 1787. Jn* Call.

abstract

*5*

it? Decembris.

A. 1787.

ABSTRACT of Schedule C.

RECAPITULATION of the Abstracts of the Rents in the several Divisions of the English Counties,

the Particulars of which are contained in Schedule C.

N* of the Division* in the Collection of each Receiver.

Divisions.

Receivers.

I. II. Meff" King and Burke III. IV. V. 1 Jerh Robinson, Esq'

VI. VII. I George Hubbard, Esqr VIII. 1 Natbl Barrett, Gent.

' IX. X. I Geo. Esq'

XI. XII. 1 Josb Farringto Esq'

XIII. I Edw4 Emily, Gent.

Good Rents.

408 — - 6i:

1.138 3 27a 13 —

— 1 49* 3 *T

— 236 9 a

— I 331 6 1

— 636 4 iot

XIV. j The Governor of the

of Wight

of the Isle 7 _ e

— 1.J 472 17 8

XV. XVI. BeavisWood, Gent.

Old Sopers,

I General Total of I Amount of current good and bad I Arrears on the re-Rents. 1 I ceivable Rents.

d,\ £

d.

589 lS 94 997 16 3i\ l>l*° l9 *

2.836 19 i* 3,975' a sij 803 5 6

i,ia6 15 a|| 1,399 8 2t| *42 2

903 17 aij 1,395 *i| 74 8 7

232 14 5i| 469 3 8 1 61 it 6

314 nil 545 *« *i|

326 5 3t| 962 10 a

— 408 9 9i

XVII. I Ob' Aplitt, Gent. — — I 84 19 4I

XVIII.

XIX.

sex

XXI.

John Sainsbury, Esq' Glynn Wynn, Esq' George Hubbard, Esq’

— I 50 ——

— 1 156 17 a

— 46 13 2{

John Green Bafeley, Esq' — 1 828 3 1

.1- 5»462 1 si

250 16 10V *>359 *7 4t

88 — n

25 18 2 *>017 *3 3t

9>°73 5 6;

472 17 8

659 6 71 1,444 *6 9|

50 ——

244 18 1

72 II 4» 1,845 16 4*

67 6 ,9

106 12 1

463 6 8

3>^3° 6 4l 24 10 8 2,364 8 9

*4.535 7 — t 8,87* 17 9

Land Revenue Office,' Scotland Yard, nth Decemr 1787.

Cha‘ Middleton, J# Call.

A LIST

A LIST of the Auditors and Receivers of the Fee Farm and other Dry Rents in the several Counties in England, with the Divisions in which the same arc audited and received.

N° of the several

Divisions.

I.

ti.

in.

IV:

v.

VI.

VII.

VIII.

IX.

X,

XI.

XII.

XIII.

XIV. XV.

XVI.

XVII.

XVIII.

XIX.

XX.

XXI.

Counties in each Division.

Auditors.

(Eft-ex -

Hertford —

' Middlesex —

London — ►

C Norfolk . _

2 Huntingdon

T Lancaster

Westmorland —

( Cumberland —

York —

f Richmond.

Durham —

( Northumberland

f Kent — -

Surrey — —

i Sussex — — >

f Northampton —

2 Rutland <md

Stafford

Hereford —

Salop — —

Worcester

C Suffolk.

I Cambridge h

f Bedford 2 Bucks —

r Oxford — *

2 Berks — ►

f Honor and Castle

2 of Windsor

f Southampton |

j Wilts — 1 1

i Gloucester I

Isle of Wight

C Somerset —

2 Dorset — '

C Devon — —

2 Cornwall

f Warwick I

2 Leicester t

James West, Esq'

Ditto — - —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto -} -

Savoy Hospital —

Chester — —

Derby — —

r Lincoln — — 7

I Nottingham — , j

Ditto — —

Ditto —

Ditto — ‘

} - -

Ditto — —

} - ~

Ditto — —

Ditto. — Heny Shelley, Esq* Ditto — * —

Ditto — —

Deputy Auditors.

Johnllofter, Esq'

Ditto — —

Ditto —

Ditto

Ditto — __

Ditto — - —

Ditto' — i

Ditto.

Ditto

Ditto ___

Ditto _

Richd Gray, Esq' Ditto

Ditto ___

Receivers.

[TheRevJ Walker King, CIS and > Rich11 Burke, Esq'J

Jerh Robinson, Esq'

Geo. Hubbard, Esq' -

Nath1 Barrett, Gent.

Geo. Pretyman, Esqr

Josb Farrington, Esqr

Edwd Emily, Gent. —

f ThcGovernor for 7 2 the Time being J

Beavis Wood, Gent.

Chr Jplin, Gent. ~

Jn° Sainjlury, Esq' — Glynn Wynn, Esqr Geo. Hubbard, Esq' — C Jn° Green Bafelcy, 1

I Esq' - -1

Deputy Receivers.

Clement Neville Zc.ua

Rob‘ Gray, Esq*

W* Barrett, Esq*,

C No Deputy for this 2 Division

W" Barret ti Esq'

Wm Barrett, Esq*

Wm Barrett, Esq*

1 The Steward to thfc

2 Governor

W* Barrett, Esq'

f No Deputy for this 2 Division

No Deputy

Richd Gray, Esq'

Rob' Gray, Esq'

No Deputy

Land Revenue Office, „ Scotland Yard, nth Detemr 1787.

Vol. XLIII.

Cha' Middleton, Jn° Call.

R r

Ordered

*54

Ordered, That the said Report and Book do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, and the Abstracts at the End of the Schedules, with the Lift of the Auditors, and of the Receivers, at the End of the Schedule C. all which arc referred to in the Report, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Articles of The House was moved. That the several Articles SirEUjahim- Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against pey referrrd to Sir Elijah Impcy, Knight, late Chief Justice of the a Commute*. Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, which were presented to the House upon WedneJ-day last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Articles be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday, the 4th Day of February next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the fm*d. ft pay of February next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Wayi *nd Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday, the Meant de- jft Day of February next, resolve itself into a Com-un ' mittee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

' And then the House adjourned till Thursday, the

31st Day of January next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Jovis, 31* die Janttarii;

Anno 28* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

Faversham A PETITION of several of the Company of oyster Fishery ftee Fishermen and Dredgermen of the Manor p«m»n. and Hundred of Faversham, in the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a considerable Oyster Fishery within the said Manor and Hundred, limited by well known Marks and Bounds, wherein all Persons who have been duly admitted Freemen of the said Fishery at a Water Court of the Lord of the said Manor and Hundred, and none others, have, and from Time immemorial have had, the Right to breed, lay, dredge for, catch, have, and take, Oysters and Oyster Brood; and that the Petitioners whole Dependance for themselves and Families is on the said Oyster Fishery, and the same is maintained and preserved at the foie Costs and Charges of the Petitioners, who Yearly expend £. 7,000, and upwards, in purchasing Oyster Brood, and laying the same in the Waters and Creeks within the Limits thereof; and that the Petitioners regularly supply the London Market during the Oyster Season with Oyster* from the said Fishery, and a considerable Quantity of Oysters is Yearly exported therefrom to Foreign Parts, which are paid for in Money, and by Means thereof the said Fisheryis a Source of National Benefit; and that the said Oyster Fishery hath been for some Time past, and now is, greatly prejudiced by Strangers, and Persons not being Freemen or Members of the said Company, dredging for, and taking and carrying away the

A. 1788.

Oysters, and destroying the Oyster Brood, in tho Waters and Creeks within the Limits thereof, and the Continuance of the said Depredations will very much tend to the Destruction of the said Fishery, which hath always been considered as a Nursery of Seamen for the Royal Navy: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the said Oyster Fishery, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Hcnywood,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Dwtford whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and varying R0*1*®*11 the Powers, of an \&, of the Sixth Year of His pre- wp*rt sent Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true} and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfoffed.

A Petition of Peter John/on, of the City of York, Knapt#* Esquire, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on the Behalf of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within the Manor or Lordship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor or Lordship and Township, Five small Common Arable Fields, containing 230 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Lands of the Proprietors therein lie dispersed, and distant from each other, and, for Want of being divided and inclosed, cannot at present be cultivated to the best Advantage; and that the said Peter Johnson, and several other Persons, are Owners

of Lands, Rights, and Interests, in the said Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, or some of them, or in some Tenements. Lands, and Grounds within the said Manor or Lordship and Township of Knapton, and, by Reason of the Vicinity of the City of York, and other Circumstances, the Lands in the said Common Fields might be rendered much more valuable than they now are, if the same were divided, inclosed, and allotted amongst the Petitioners, and the several Proprietors thereof, and Persons interested therein, and were properly and effectually drained:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring’in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Yempejl and Sir John Eden do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Writ,

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-

5 liament

17* Decembris — 31° Jamarii

w

18 Geo. III. 316 Jan 155

liament for the Borough of in the County of

Devon, in the room of Sir Philip Jenningt , Ba-

ronet, deceased.

8coleBiMg* A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting Road Petition. into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the " Road from Scole Bridge to the Place where the East cc Gate lately flood, in the Town of Bury Saint - mund's, in the County of ," was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit thereof, which still remains due, and cannot be aid off, and the said Road effectually amended, and ept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be enlarged, and some further and other Powers granted: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That (the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir John Rous,

See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Account of Ordered, I-hat there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value of Woollens exported, for po ,01 er- every year from 1781, indufive, to the End of the Year 1787.

Bawtey Bridge A Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Petition. Harrington, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth. That the present Communication between the Parish of in the County of Derby,

and the Parishes of Hemmington and Castle Donnington, in the County of Leicester, and to several Roads which lead to divers other Counties, is very inconvenient, and often dangerous; and that the Petitioner is entitled to an ancient Ferry over the River Trent, called Sawley Ferry, and the building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near the said Ferry, would make a more commodious, useful, and safe Communication between the Counties of Derby and Leicester, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge. over the River Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry,in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

worcester A Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution Road* r«»- several Acts of Parliament, passed in the Twelfth Year lgn* of the Reign of King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of, His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the City of and near

or adjoining thereto, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit

of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied in repairing and widening the Roads, and great Progress hath been made therein, but the same cannot be com pleated and kept ill Repair for the future, and the Money due b£ repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and some Amendments made therein j and Alledging, that the Road leading from the New Bridge at the said City, to Henwicjk Turnpike, through the Parishes of

Saint Clement, in the said City, and in the County of Worcester, and Saint John in Bedw in the said County, and also, the Road leading from the said City, through the Parishes of Saint Martin, Claines,

Wamdon, and Hinlip, in the said County, to a Place called Offerton Common, adjoining to the Parishes of Tibberton, Oddingly, Martin HuJJingtree, and,

and by Salwarp Common, to Droitwich, in the said County, being about Three Miles and Three Quarters, and also, the Road leading from Lowejmore Gate, in the said Parish of Saint Martin, by the Red House, to AJlwood and Black Pole Green, in the said Parish of Claines, and also, the Road leading from the School House at Leigh Sinton, through the Hamlet of New-land, and Parish of Madresfield, along the Pen Lane, to Faulkners Gate, in the Hamlet of Cleaveload, to join the Worcester Turnpike there, and from Madresfield aforesaid, to enter Baldwynball Green, by the Black-smith’s Shop, occupied by Thomas Ward, by Aldbo-rough Lake, to join the Turnpike Road leading front the said City of Worcester, at the Rydd Green, and from thence to the River Severn, near Cleaveload, in the Parish of Great Malvern, and also, the Road leading from the North End of the Old Hills Turnpike Road, to Pixam’s Ferry, in the Parish of through the said Parish of Powick, are for the most Part in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair by the ordinary Course of Law, and it would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Public, if the said Roads were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said former Acts: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Kynaston, See.:

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at *

Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re>-cords.

A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas Lord Stmtoo t*-Viscount Weymouth, Lord of the Manor of Stretton in *'

the Dale, in the County of Salop, and also a Proprietor of a considerable Part of the inclosed Lands within the said. Manor, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders or Copyholders chiefly in1-terested in divers Lands and Tenements within the said Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read i Setting forth. That there are, within the said Manor or Lordship, several Commons and Waste Grounds, containing, by Estimation, above 4,000 Acres, which are, in their present State, incapable of Improvement} and that it would be very advantageous to the several Owners and Proprietors interested therein, if the Whole, or a considerable Part, of the said Commons and Waste Lands Should be inclosed, and specific Shares thereof allotted to the several Owners and proprietors, according to their respective Interests: And

therefore

N

V

Wilton Writ.

Graflington Inclosure Petition.

Riddlesden

Jneloture

Petition.

156 31° Januarii. A. 1788.

therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, or such Part thereof as may be found to be advantageous to the several Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands to be inclosed, in such Manner as to the House may seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Richard Hill and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a neto Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, in the room of Philip , Esquire, who,

since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, , and Bonenham,

in the County of Buckingham.

A Petition of ’Thomas Brown, David Swale, Stephen Hartley, William Reart, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there is, within the Township of Grajfmgton, in the County of York, Four Stinted

Pastures, called Grajfmgton Old Rajture, New Bajlure, Botton, and Lo/sgill Bank, containing, by Estimation, 2,500 Acres, or thereabouts, and the Petitioners and others are respectively entitled to Beast Gates, Sheep Gates, and Cattle Gates thereon; and that the said Four Stinted Pastures are not, in their present Situation, capable of any Improvement, nor can be occupied to such Advantage as they might be, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Stinted Pastures, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Weddell do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Nicholas Starkie, Esquire, kinjonBusfeild, Esquire, Solomon Fell, Esquire, Henry Wickham, Esquire, Thomas Leach, Thomas Leach the Younger, Timothy Lifter, John Broadley, and the several other Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, divers ancient Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Rid-dlejden, otherwise Morton, otherwise Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Bing in the West Riding of the County of York, and, in respect thereof, entitled to Right of Common upon the Commons or Waste Grounds within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the said Manor, certain Commons and Waste Grounds, called Morton Moor, containing 3,000 Acres and upwards, which at present produce . little or no Advantage, but are capable of great Improvement, and, if divided and inclosed, so that they might be converted into Tillage, would be of great Advantage to the several Persons interested therein,

and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, inclosing, and allotting the said-Commons and Waste Grounds, in such Manner and Form, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that

Mr. Duncombe and Sir John Goodricke do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament, of the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to Hartcliffe Hill, in the Parish of Penistone, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which now remains due; and that the Term of the said Acts is near expiring, and the Money due cannot be paid off, and the said Road kept in good Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road, be further continued, and some further Powers and Authorities given for those Purposes: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Acts, so far as relates to the said Road.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the' fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. force, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Affistants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the City and County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, for the better, employing and maintaining the Poor of the said City, an Act was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, incorporating the Mayor and Aldermen for the Time being, and Forty Persons, Inhabitants of the said City, to continue, in perpetual Succession, Guardians of the Poor, by the Name of cc The Governor, Deputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the Poor, of the said City and County of Exon," veiled with Powers for carrying the Purposes of that Act into Execution j and, by subsequent Acts, other Regulations have been made, and the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have borrowed Money on Bonds, under their Common Seal, for supplying Exigencies when their' Expenditure exceeded the stipulated Annual Sum; and that, on such Occasions, the Petitioners have, when deemed fit, applied to Parliament for Discharge of the Debts incurred beyond the Annual Assessment, which, on such Applications, Parliament hath granted; and that, from the Establishment of the Corporation, in the Year 1698, to the Year 1785, a Period of Eighty-seven Years, the Inhabitants of the said City were satisfied with the Constitution and the Execution of it by the Corporation, and the most ;perfect Harmony subsisted between them and the Inhabitants; and that, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed, constituting a new Body of Twenty-two Persons, to be elected as therein mentioned, and styled " Commis-' " sioners," since which many Doubts have arisen, and thereon Litigations taken Place, attended with considerable Expence, to the great Injury of the In-- habitants, Payers to the Relief of the Poor of the said City; and that the Petitioners, for Want of proper Powers veiled in them by the last Act, are rendered incapable'of discharging their Trusts, and effectually providing for the Relief of the Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

> . 2 tO

Rotherham Road Petition

Exeter Poor Petition*

Hull Roads Petition reported.

Paningdon

Indofcrt Po-

28 Geo. III.

31s janu

to arinChd and render more effectual the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the Hbufe shall think expedient.

Ordered, That the Taid Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Michael Angela Mr. Rolle, &c.: And they are to meet To-morfow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee; to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names afe thereunto subscribed, being Trustees impowered to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one made in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading *c from the Town of Kingston upon , to and through " the Town of Anlahy, and from thence to the Town 4t of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of " Kingston upon Hull," and -the other made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for enlarging the Term and Powers granted by the aforesaid Act, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,' to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Two Acts were read: And

Mr. Eikvard Codd being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit thereof, which is still due, nor can it be paid off, or the Roads kept in Repair, unless the Tern: and Powers of the said Acts be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, paired in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to' and through the Town of Anlahy, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull: And that Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Spencer Stanhope, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of James Muff.squire, Lord of the Manor of Little Farringden, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks, and the Reverend Thomas Clarke, Vicar of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are sundry Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon aforesaid, which are chiefly the Property of the said James Mujgrave, and over which his Tenants and Lessees only have Common of Pasture; and that the Lands of the Proprietors of the said Common Fields and Common Meadows chiefly lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, under their present Circumstances, are incapable of any material Improvement, but, if the fame, together Vol. XLIIL

with the said Common Pastures and Waste Landsj were divided, and allotted amongst the said Proprietors in Severalty, and inclosed, considerable Advantages would arise to them: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations, and with such Provisions, as shall be deemed meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring iti a Bill* pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Vanfiltart, Mr. Pye, and Mr. Powney, do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Right honourable Frederick Montagu be added to the Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hajlings, Esquire.

\ '

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Licence Duty of £. 1. to per Gallon per Annum on the Stills in Scotland, from the 5th of July

1786 to the jth of July 1787: And also.

An Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Licence Duty of 1. to per Gallon per Annum on the Stills in Scotland, from the 5th of July

1787 to the 5th of January 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Paton, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits and Compounds sent from Scotland to England, distinguishing each Port, from1 the 5th of July 1786 to the 5th of July *1787: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits and Compounds sent from Scotland to England, distinguishing each Port, from the 5th of July 1787 to the 5th of January 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of William Leer, Willis Hart, John Fryer, William King, and John War land, on Behalf of themselves and others, Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from " the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in the " Town of Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset," was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have borrowed several Sums of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which still remain unpaid; and that the Money owing, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, have been applied according to the Directions of the said Act, and the said Road hath been widened and repaired, but the same cannot be kept in Repair, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof in some Respects enlarged and

S ( amended:

Mr. Montagu added to Managers of Impeachment a gain It Mr. Halting*.

Accounts of Revenue arising from Licences on Stills in Scotland, presented.

Accounts of

British Spirits, &c. sent from Scotland, presented.

Wimbome Minder Hoad Petition*

1

158 310 Januarii — f® Februariu A. 1788*

amended: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Bankes, Mr. Bond, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Gold and Sil- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names ap-

nufaflurer* Pear thereunto subscribed, being Refiners, Lacemeri,

Petition.'1* Wire Drawers, and others, concerned or interested in the making, manufacturing, and vending of Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, and Tambour Work, was presented to the House, and read; reciting an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Pro-f portions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the bet- ter making of Gold and Silver Thread ;" and Setting forth. That, notwithstanding the said recited Act, great Frauds have been, and are, daily committed, by Copper or other base Metal being woven or mixed with Silk, and worked up in Imitation of Gold and Silver Lace, and it hath also been a Practice to gild and silver Copper, Brass, or other base Metal, and to spin or weave the same upon Silk, Thread, Yarn, or Inkle, and to work up the same in Imitation of Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, and Tambour Work, which have been so exactly counterfeited, that the Public have been greatly imposed upon thereby, which tends to the Dif-couragement of the Manufacture of Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, and Tambour Work, and to the Exportation, Use, and Wear thereof at Home, to the great Diminution of the Bullion of this Kingdom, and also of His Majesty’s Revenue: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said recited Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Sir

Wat kin Lewes, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

iti'i'c Road A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and

Fciliwn. Others, of the County of Pembroke, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Road leading from Merlin's, otherwise Maudlin's Bridge, through Harroldstone Lane, in the Parish of Saint IJfells Harroldstone, in the County of Pembroke, to and through the Village of High Freyjlrop, in the Parish of Frey-fir of, in the same County, and by ‘Trooper's Inn, in the Parish of Langum, in the aforesaid County, to a Place called Dirty Corner, in the Parish of Burton, and from thence over Hill Mountain, and through Nolton Lane to the Village of How ton, and from the said Village through the Village of Burton to Pembroke Ferry, in the said Parish of Burton, in the said County of Pembroke, is greatly out of Repair, and in some Parts narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. , &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

And then the House adjourned till To-mojrovf Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, i° die Feb;

Anno 28* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Chancellor, Mailers, and CambrMg* Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, who Pavins, P*ti* have thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the 0 Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, who have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the said Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Streets, Courts, Lanes, and other public Passages of the said Town, are ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are greatly encumbered with various Incroachments, and obstructed and annoyed by Spouts and Gutters, whereby they are rendered incommodious, and in many Parts dangerous, not only to the Inhabitants of the said Town, but to all others resorting thereto; and that, if' proper Powers were given to pave, cleanse, light, watch, and otherwise improve the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages, and to remove all Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments, it would tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, Safety, and Emolument, of the said University and Town, and would also be of public Utility: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bijl for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and with such Powers and Provisions, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mortlock, Mr.

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and Dartford varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of R°ad» BM His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartforin the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr, MarJJoam do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,

A Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and Cat,(r’<* authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of

Parliament,

b

P«i.

28 Geo. Ill* Februariu

Parliament* the one of therri made and passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled* " An Act for repairing t( the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarn, in the said County* and " from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, *( and from thence, through in the said

County of Durham, to the City of ,"and the other of the said Acts made and palfed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, t( An Act to explain and amend an Act*

" palfed in the Twentieth Year of his present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing " the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the " County of York* to in the said County, and tc from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, ct and from thence, through Sedgefield, in the said

€< County of Durham, to the City of ," and

also of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising front the several Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars erected upon the said Turnpike Road, under and by virtue of the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Trustees appointed toput the said Acts inExe-cution have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, and have borrowed considerable Sums of Money, at Interest, upon the Credit of the Tolls, to the Amount of £.6 ,720. 8 s.ltd. which is now owing, with some Arrear of Interest; and that, notwithstanding the Tolls collected, and the Money borrowed, have been duly applied in repairing and amending the said Road, and for the other Purposes mentioned in the said Acts, yet, by Reason of the many heavy Carriages continually passing thereon, and the Expence of providing proper Materials for repairing the said Road, which are brought from a considerable Distance to many Parts of the Road, it is impossible to complete the Repairs thereof, and to keep the same in Repair, and re-pay the several Sums of Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Two Acts of Parliament, unless the Terms and Powers given by the said Acts are further continued, altered, and enlarged and that the compleating the Repairs of the said Road, and keeping the same in Repair, according to the Intention of the said Acts, will tend greatly to the Improvement of the Landed Estates in the Neighbourhood, and the Increase of Trade and Commerce in the said Counties of York and Durham, and the Commercial Interest of this Kingdom in general: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of the said Two Acts of Parliament, and for reducing the same into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, in such Manner, and by such Means, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Duncombe,

See.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Petitions from A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses,

Hu1f0rtnd Freemen, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Bedford:

York, respec- And also.

Trade*SlaT* ^>ct*t*on Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and

r* e* principal Inhabitants of the Town of Kitigflon upon Hull, whose Names are thereunto subscribed: And also.

A Petition of the Mayor and Comnrioridity of the" ty of York;

Were severally presented to the House, and read 5 Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade as being contrary to the common Rights of Humanity, the Maxims of true Policy, and incompatible with the Precepts of our Holy Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally orders ed to lie Upon the Table.

The House was moved, that the Ordet, made up- Order for on the 11 th Day of December lad, <c That Leave be " given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleans- ihaiged, and " ing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, another Biu " and other Public Passages and Places, within the on,ered*

" Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of " Glamorgan, and the Liberties thereof; and for re-" moving and preventing Encroachments, Obstructiens, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and *5 for widening certain Streets and other Places with-lt in the said Borough and Town, and rendering the

Passage thereof safe and convenient," might be read.-

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, Thai the said Order be discharged*

The House was also moved, That the Report which, upon the 1 ith Day of December last, was made from the Committee to whom the Petition of several of the principal Inhabitants of the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, on Behalf of themselves and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough and Town, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Town of in

the County of Glamorgan, and the Liberties thereofj and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein j and for preventing Accidents by Fire, from Houses and other Buildings being covered with Thatch; and for widening certain Streets and other Places within the said Borough and Town, and rendering the Passage thereof safe and convenient: And that Sir Wat-kin Lewes and Sir William Manfel do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of, the several Persons whose Names are RoxhurgN thereunto subscribed, Trustees appointed by an Act ri0°nadsPeMr passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ft An Act for repairing several " Roads leading through the County of Roxburgh," and others, Land Owners in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed and advanced several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which, together with the Tolls, have been duly laid out, pursuant to the Directions thereof, and great Progress has been made in amending the said Roads, but the same cannot be effectually compleated and kept in Repair, and the other Purposes of the said Act fulfilled, unless the Term thereof be enlarged, and further Powers granted to the Trustees for that Purpose; and Alledging, That the High Road leading from Gala Bridge by Melrose Bridge to the Town of Melrose, and the Road from Spittal through Jedburgh to Crailing,together with a Branch from the said Road towards the Redfwyre, communicating either with the Road from Jedburgh, or from Hawick to the Redfwyre, and also, the Road leading from the 5 Town

RitHIc(i!cn Inclosure Bill presented.

Swnnfea Paving Bill pre-iented.

Poncnfter and Wakefield Roads Petition.

160

i° Februariu A 1788.

Town of Kelso, by a Bridge to be built over the viol, at or near the Foot thereof, by to the

Confines of the County of ,all lying within the said County of Roxburgh, are during the Winter Season, or wet Weather, almost impassable for Carriages, and many Parts thereof are very incommodious, and cannot be sufficiently repaired, widened, and kept in Repair, unless Provision be made by Parliament for that Purpose; and that it would greatly tend to forward the making and repairing the Roads in the said County of Roxburgh, if new Regulations and Powers were given for regulating the Statute Labour within the said County: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations and Re-ftridions as to the House shall seem proper and ne-cefi'ary.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Gilbert , Mr. Adam, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, aljottingj and inclosing Commons or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Riddlesden, otherwise Morton, or Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Binglt y,in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Watkin Lewes presented to the House, accord-

ing to Order, a Bill for better paving, cleansing, lighting, and watching the several Streets, and other Public Passages and Places, within the Borough and Town of Swansea, in the County of Glamorgan, and the Liberties thereof, and for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; and for preventing Accidents by Fire, from Houses and other Buildings being covered with Thatch; and for widening certain Streets and other Places within the said Borough and Town, and rendering the Passage thereof safe and convenient: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Re/oked, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of several of the Trullees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for enlarging " the Terms and' Powers granted by Two several " Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his said '* late Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from " a Place called The Red House, near Doncaster, to Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakeft id by Dewjlury, Higktown, and Light cliff, to the

" Town of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, and the other for repairing the Road " from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to a

" Place called Weeland,in the Tov/nship of Henfall, " and from PontcfraRto Wcntbridge, in the Township " of Danv.gton, in the West Riding of the County of 2 ork," so far as the same relates to the District or Division of the said Roads between the Red House aforesaid, and the South End of Wakefield Bridge,' over Calder, and to one other District or Division of the said Roads between Wakefield and and from thence to Weeland, and to the Road from Ponte-fratl to Wcntbridge, w as presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth,' That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money, on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged, and the Tolls and Duties thereby granted augmented: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for augmenting the Tolls and Duties thereby granted, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof -, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Dun, Mr. Samuel Yhornton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Doncaster ui Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Ferrybridge Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, tc An Act to enlarge and continue the Term and

Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George ,c the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing the " Roads from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the cC South Side of Yadcaster Cross, and also from bridge to Wetherby, and from thence to -

bridge, in the County of York, as to so much of the said Act as relates to the said Roads from - caster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of " Yadcaster Cross," was presented to ther House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby authorized to be collected, which still remains due, and cannot be paid off, and the said Road effectually amended and kept in good Repair, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged; and Alledging, That the said Road is the great Approach from the South to the City of York, , and in that Part thereof which lies betwixt and Yadc after there are Two Hills, One on each Side of Cock Bridge, which, by Reason of their Steepness, are not only very inconvenient, but dangerous to Travellers} and it appears to the Petitioners, that, by diverting the Road through the Townships of Grimstone and Stutton, the said Hills may be avoided, the Road rendered easy, and the Distance Ihortened Half a Mile: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said Act, and for diverting the said Road as aforesaid, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof , and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Samuel Yhomton, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’*

Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Y. Cadell, Bookseller, do, upon SevenlPerftw# Monday Morning next, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Charge against several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mif- Sir Eliiah lm* demeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief pey*

Justice

2

28 Geo. III.

1° Februarit.

i6t

Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at William in Bengal.

Ordered, That Ewan , Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Tame.

Ordered, That Join , Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel olfrey do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Wandon in Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the eloiure Bill House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and pr« erne . inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of , otherwise Wavendon, in

the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved’, That the Bill be read a Second Time. „

Bradwell Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the

preftmed.8'11 House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Day appointed Ordered, That the Bill for confining, for a Time to Xeading'of be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United Newfoundland States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Trade Bill. Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence, be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

toal Buyer* A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petiuoo. thereunto subscribed, being Coal Buyers, residing in or near the City of London, on Behalf of themselves, and all others concerned in the same Branch of the Coal Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, " An

<c Act to difiolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Maf- ters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of " Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and " Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade," it was enacted, That if any Lighterman, Master of Ship, Crimp, Coal Factor, or other Person buying or selling or dealing in Coals, or otherwise concerned in the Coal Trade, by himself or his Agent, should, at any Time after the Day therein mentioned, receive or take for the Use of such Lighterman, Master of Ship, Crimp, Coal Fadlor, or other Person, any Salary, Gratuity, Reward, Allowance, or Sum of Money from any Coal Owner, Fitter, Master of Ship, or other Person, for contracting, buying, vending, felling, or disposing of any particular Sorts of Coals in Preference of any other Sorts of Coals, every Person offending Should, for every such Offence, forfeit 50; and that, by another Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled,

" An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," it was enacted, That every Person who Should take or receive any Premium, Gratuity, Reward, Sum of Money, or Allowance in Coals, or in Account, or otherwise, from any Coal Owner, Fitter, or Master of a Ship, or any of their Agents, or Servants, for contradling, buying, vending, or disposing of any particular Sorts of Coals, or should otherwise - offend contrary to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act of Queen Anne, should, over and above the Vol. XLIII.

Penalty inflicted by that Act for such Offence, forfeit and pay the [Sum of £. 500; and that every Coal Owner or Fitter, who should, by himself, or his Agent, or Servant, give, or agree to give, to any Ship Master, Lighterman, Crimp, or Buyer of Coals, or to any of their Agents or Servants, any Premium, Salary, Gratuity, Reward, Sum of Money, or any Allowance in Coals, or in Account, or otherwise, for contradling, buying, vending, felling, or disposing of any particular Sort of Coals, every such Coal Owner; Fitter, or Person so offending, should for every such Offence forfeit £. 500; and that Actions have lately been commenced against the Petitioners, and moll, if not all, of the other Coal Buyers at the Coal Exchange, by a Person who was formerly a Coal Buyer, but who has Twice failed in Trade, to recover Penalties to a very large Amount, under Pretence of their having been guilty of an Infringement of the said Acts, by receiving certain Allowances from the Coal Owners; and that the Petitioners conceive themselves to be greatly aggrieved by such Proceedings, inasmuch as they have never (as far as they are able to judge) acted in Violation of the Law, and although they should be able to defend themselves against such Actions, yet the Expences which they will necessarily and unavoidably be put to by upwards of a Hundred Actions, brought by a common Informer, who is a Bankrupt, and not able to pay the Costs which may be awarded to the Petitioners, form a very serious Object for Consideration, and may be a heavy Loss to the Petitioners; and that it has been customary for the Owners of Coals consigned to the Port of London to make certain Allowances to the Purchasers of those Coals in London, but such Allowances are not made by an Individual, or by a small Number of Coal Owners, by Way of Premium to the Coal Buyers for purchasing the Coals of such Individual, or small Number of Coal Owners in Preference to all others (which the Petitioners conceive to have been the Offence in the Contemplation of the Legislature at the Time of passing the Acts before mentioned) nor are such Allowances made by Stipulation at or previous to the Sale of the Coals, but they are voluntary Payments made long after the Sale by all the Owners of Collieries (but one, by whomalfo they have been made, though that one Owner has for feme Time ceased to make such Payments) and these Payments are also founded on long Usage existing before any of the Petitioners embarked their Fortunes in the Trade; and that such Allowances were neither given with a View to secure the Sale of any particular Sort of Coals in Preference to another, nor have they, in Point of Fadl, produced the Effect of securing such a Preference?, for the Petitioners are ready to prove that there is an equal Sale for all Coals which come to the London Market, according to the Quality of each Species of Coal, at the fair Market Price, so that the Trade is upon an exact Equality, and no Coal Owner has complained, or has any just Cause of Complaint, on the Ground of any Preference; and that the Petitioners can with Truth affirm that the Allowances before mentioned have no Tendency whatever to increase the Price of Coals to the Consumer, neither have they produced such an Effect, because these Allowances have been considered by the Coal Buyers, ever since the Petitioners have been in the Trade, and long before, as a Part of their fair and reasonable Profits of Trade, and, in Fadl, they constitute the chief Part of such Profit, and consequently, if thele Allowances had not been made, the Petitioners must have had, and Should they cease to be made, must in future have, an equivalent Advantage by an Addition to the Price paid at Market; and that the Petitioners are prepared to prove, to the . Satisfaction of the House, that the Profit of their Trade (including the Allowances before mentioned)

T t amounted

Derby Bridge Pcliliun.

Inverness Court House and Gaol Petition.

i° Februarii.

A. 1788*

amounted only to a fair and reasonable Profit, not more than equal to the Interest of their Money, the Risque of their Capitals in Trade, and a moderate Compensation for their Time and Trouble employed in the Business, and consequently that, if the Trade is not put upon such a Footing as to enable the Petitioners, and the other London Coal Buyers, to acquire a Profic equal to what they have hitherto enjoyed, they must all quit the Trade; and that the Penalties alledged to have been incurred by the Petitioners, and the other Coal Buyers, amount to many Hundred thousand Pounds, and Should the Informer obtain Verdicts for the fame, moll of those concerned in the Trade must be totally ruined, although it appears manifestly, that if the Coal Buyers have acted contrary to the strict Letter of the Law, yet they did it innocently, and without Injury either to the Public, or to any Individual whatever: And therefore praying, That Leave'may be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Acts of the Ninth of Anne and Third of George the Second, and to indemnify the Petitioners, and all others, from all Penalties which are alledged to have been incurred thereby, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Alderman Newnbam, &c.: And they are to meet upon

Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby, in the County of , was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth, That the Bridge, called Saint Mary's Bridge, over the River Derwent, at or near the said Borough, is become greatly decayed, and is narrow and unsafe for Paf-lengers, and the Avenues leading thereto are narrow and incommodious} and that, in order to render the Passage to and over the said River safe and commodious, it is necessary the said Bridge should be taken down, and a new Bridge erected at or near the Place where the present Bridge Hands, and that the Avenues thereto should be widened: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Long, Lord George dish, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber , and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Freeholders’ of the County of Inverness, and of the Magistrates and Council of the Town of Inverness,being offered to be presented to

the House j

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the Hdufe, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Pecition, recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read} Setting forth, That the Court of Justiciary hold their AlBzes, for all the Northern Counties of Scotland, at the Town of Inverness, and the Court House and Gaol being very old, and incapable of further Re-

J l

pair, the Petitioners are under the Necelfity of rebuilding it, or rather of erecting a new and larger Building than the former, for, as the Arts and Sciences find their Way to those Parts, Crimes and Offences keep Pace in some Measure; and that a Subscription has been opened for this Purpose, and, after collecting all they could, and reckoning on what further they may expect from Noblemen or Gentlemen connected with that Part of the Country, the Petitioners find there will not be Money enough for the Purpose by £. 1,000: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating to the above Purpose a Sum of £. 1,000,

Part of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus.of the Monies arising from the forfeited Estates in.

Britain lately granted to the Representatives of the Persons who originally forfeited them, on Payment of certain Sums, which Balance was reserved for the future Disposal of Parliament, and to be applied to Public Uses in that Part of the United Kingdom.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir HeElor Munro, Mr. Adam,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber } and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Persons thereto subscribing, Malt Petition from Distillers in Scotland, was presented to the House, ® and read } Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, ‘against the by the Votes, a Petition has been presented from the CornDiftdlm Corn Distillers in and about London, for a Variation p*tltl(,n* and Alteration of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in the said Petition mentioned, relative to the Distillery, and that a further equalizing Duty should be imposed, for Rea-fons which the Petitioners apprehend to be groundless: And therefore praying for Leave to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, and to adduce Evidence at the Bar, before any Alteration is made in the Law as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about London is referred; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their said Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Support of the said former Petition.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Commiuoon resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House} p°rj"i®nl to consider of the Petition of the Corn Distillers in f«red. and about London,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Tuesday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply de-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ferred-House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Way* and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ^ed!de* House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Morning

next, Ten of the Clock.

Lurue,

North Kyme Drainage Bill presented.

Rauceby Tn-clofurcPeti* tien.

Spann Smithy Road Petition.

28 Geo. III. 4®

Lunce% 40 die;

Anno a8* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

SI R John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received.

And a Member returned upon a new Writ, having taken the Oaths, and made and subscribed the Declaration, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Abjuration, and having delivered in to the Clerk of the House an Account of his Qualification, and taken and subscribed the Oath of Qualification, according to the Laws made for those Purposes;

The said Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Reverend John Pugh, Clerk, George Mujcut, Daniel Newzam, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners and Proprietors of Land, and other Property, within the Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln, certain Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waite, and Commonable Lands, containing together about 5,450 Acres; and that the Lands of the several Owners and Proprietors of the said Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, lie greatly intermixed, and, in their present State, are incapable of Improvement, and the Petitioners apprehend it would be of great Advantage to all Parties concerned, if the same were inclosed and divided amongst the several Persons having Interest therein, according to their respective Rights and Properties: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln, subject to such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of Sandbach, Lawton, and Barthomley, in the County of Chester, and Audley, in the County of Stafford, and the Vicinities thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, in the Parish of Warmingham aforesaid, through Sandbach, and over Lawton Heath, and by Lawton Gate, to the lower End of a Lane, called Linley Lane, in Lawton, in the said County of Chester, and from thence up the said Lane to Talk, in the said Parish of Audley, in the said County of Stafford, is in many Places out of Repair, and there are several deep hollow Ways in the said Road, which in many Parts are narrow, and dangerous to Travellers, and cannot be effectually widened, amended, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending and widening the said Road, in such Manner as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

163

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Beaufoy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices, acting under the Commission of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, being the public Gaol for the County of Chester, is become ruinous and unsafe for the Custody of Prisoners, and it is proposed to take down the fame, and to build a new Gaol, either upon, or near to, the Scite of the present Gaol, and upon certain other Ground, and the Scite of several Buildings adjoining thereto, or in some other convenient Situation near to the said Castle of Chester; and that the Prothonotary’s Office, where the Records of the said County Palatine are kept, is situated over a Part of the present Gaol, and the said Office, the Record Office of the Court of Exchequer for the said County Palatine, and several other Buildings, may be necessary to be removed, in order to give Room for the Erection of the said intended new Gaol* and for making proper Yards. Avenues, Outlets, and other Conveniences thereto j and, it will be necessary to re-build such Prothonotary’s Office, Record Rooms, and other Buildings, as shall be so taken down, in some other convenient Situation within or near to the said Castle of Chester5 and that the Magistrates of the said County of Chester are not authorized, by any Laws now in Force, to remove and re-build, at the public Charge of the Inhabitants of the said County, such Buildings as it may be necessary to remove for the Purposes before-mentioned: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the Gaol of the said Castle of Chester, and the several other Buildings which may be necessary to be taken down and removed for the Purposes before-mentioned, and for re-building the same respectively at the public Charge of the Inhabitants of the said County of Chester, and with such further Powers, Provisions, and Regulations, and under such Restrictions to be contained in the said Bill, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, the Matter of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, iff the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors upon the Tolls arising within the Second and Third Districts of the Roads mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, " made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twentyeighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, as relate to the Road from the " End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road " towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the " County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from ft thence through Tarvin, in the said County of tc Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more

effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the fame

Februarii,

Chester Gaol Petitioft.

Stafford and Chester Road Petition.

kt same Road; and also for repairing and widening tf the Road from North, in the said County of ,c Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid," was prefenced to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in the Repair of the Roads within the Second and Third Districts in the said Act mentioned; and that several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and now remain due, upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the same Districts, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied to the Purposes in the said Act mentioned, buc the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further extended and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term and enlarging the Powers of the said Act, in such Manner, and under such Provisions and Regulations, to be contained in the said Bill, as to the House shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report, the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, the Master of the Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fladbury in- A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ciofurePeti- thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there are, in Fladbury Hill and Moor, and Wyr» Piddle, in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of several Open and

Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement; and that the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands might be considerably imptoved, if the same were divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments made thereof unto the Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights arid Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Fields, Meadows, and Lands, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Lygort and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and ' bring in, the fame.

Mirciiw'.d The Master of the Rolls presented to the House, Hoad Bill according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and

presented. Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road’ from Marcbwiel,in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and in the County of to a House in the Possession of 'Thomas Jenks, in ington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop: And the same was received , and read the First Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

RHosfair, &c. A Petition of the Right honourable Thomas James indorse Pe- L°rcl Bulkeley, and of several other Persons, whose #tioB. Names are thereto subscribed, being Owners and Pro-

prietors of Lands and Estates within the Lordship of Rhosfair, and Hundred of Menai, the Lordship of Uedwigan, and the several Parishes of Trefdraeth, Llangrijliolus, Llanfihangel, Llangeffo,

geinwen, and Llanidanin the County of Anglesey, on

Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Lands and Estates within the said several Lordships and Parishes, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth.

That there are, within the said Lordships and Parishes, a certain Marsh, and several Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, called draeth, otherwise Malldraeth Marsh, and,

over which the Petitioners and others are entitled to Right of Common; and that the said Marsh, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, or most Parts thereof, are frequently Overflowed by the Sea, and in their present Situation are incapable of Improvement, but, if embanked, drained, divided, and inclosed, certain Parts thereof might be put in a State of Cultivation, and the rest greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for embanking, draining, dividing, and inclosing the said Marsh, Common Pastures, Commonable Lands, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper. '

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

;And it is referred to the Master of the Rolls, Mr.

Attorney General, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Mansfield thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by or RoiJPcution. in purfuaripe of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield "Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone, from " Mansfield, through Temple-Normanton, Tupton new Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Bunting Field Nook,

" in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and, for that Purpose, have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but the said Roads dannot be compleatly amended, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof amended, enlarged, and rendered more effectual:

And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, un1-der such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are AlfretonRod thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed by or Pctilion-in purfdance of an Act, passed in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, tc An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road,

" near a Place called Little Robin’s, in the Parish of " Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through " Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road " near Tanfiey, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Chester field Turnpike Road at

4 tc Kelfiidge,

28 Geo. III.

40 Februarii.

i65

rt Kelfiidge,in the said County of Derby," was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Trustees appointed to put the said Act in Execution have made great Progress in repairing the said Roads, and, for that Purpose, have borrowed a c®n-iiderable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, but the said Roads cannot be compleatly amended, and kept in Repair, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof amended, enlarged, and rendered more effectual: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George , Mr.

Sultian, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. v

Brie,hthtlm- Mr. Thomas Pelbam reported from the Committee, house Petition to w^om the Petition of John Morje and William Camp-repoited. bell, Esquires, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as foliowethj viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Donaldjon being examined, said. That the Town of Brigbthelmstone, in the County of Sussex, is large and populous, and continually increasing, and is much frequented by many of the Nobility, Gentry, and Others, for the Purpose of bathing in the Sea, and going to and from the Continent, on Account of its Vicinity to the Coast of France-, and that the Villages in the Neighbourhood are inhabited by Gentry and others.

That a licensed Playhouse in the said Town, under proper Regulations, would afford a moral and rational Entertainment to Persons residing in and resorting to the fame; and great Benefit would result therefrom to the Shopkeepers and other Inhabitants of the said Town;

And the Witness added, That the Petitioners are possessed of proper Ground, conveniently situated for erecting a Building thereon for Theatrical Exhibitions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Brigbthelmjlonein the County of Sussex: And that Mr. Thomas Pelham and Mr. Walherstone do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

HuMersficM ' A Petition of the Trustees appointed by virtue of ItoatiPetition. an Act of Parliament, passed in the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for diverting, altering,

" widening, repairing, and amending the Road from " I Judder Jeld, in the West Riding of the County of " York, to Woodhead in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River " Mcrfey,called Bridge, on the Confines

" of the County of Derby," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That several Parts of the said Road have been repaired and improved, and other Parts thereof diverted, by the Purchase of Lands, with Money taken up at Interest, and charged upon the Tolls directed to be raised by the said Act, and such new Roads have likewise been made, but all the said Road (bill continues to require frequent Re-Voi.XLIII.

pairs and Amendments; and that several convenient Alterations may yet be made, by diverting and altering, or widening, several Parts of the said Road, for the greater Eafc and Convenience of Travellers, and several other Repairs and Amendments are yet necessary for the Improvement of the said Road, but the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are near expiring: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and making such other Provision as shall be found necessary for supporting and carrying the same into Execution.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Duncombe, Mr.

force. See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Y*ffortfi thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, ^d°rui P<* Cottages, and Lands, within the Townships of Tafforth, Tbruntcft, Detnby upon Wifke, and Little

ton, in the North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Townships, a certain Moor or Common, called Yafforth Moor, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which in its present Open and Uninclosed State is incapable of Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moor or Common,’ in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according Gw^n^on to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several incloluie Bill Stinted Pastures, called Old Pashire, New prdemed'

Bolton, and Lofgill Bank, in the Township of GraJ-fington, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for the Petition from Limits extending from East Mculdjey, in the County of Surrey, to Ravenjbourne, in the County of Kent, was iewers for

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by divers Acts of Parliament for paving, watching, cleansing, and lighting the Borough o{ Southwark, the Parish of Saint Mary Rctberhitbe, in the County of Surry, the Waterside Division of the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermond/ey, and the Clink Liberty, in the Parish of Saint Saviour, Southwark, in the same County, divers Works are directed to be done by the Petitioners for the Benefit of the several Pavements, at the Costs of their Commission; and that, from the uncertain Description of the Persons liable to be af~ sessed by the Petitioners, they have been led into Litigation, and Disputes daily arise respecting the Affelfments from Time to Time made by the Petitioners, towards defraying the Charges of the Works required by the said Acts, and incident to the said Commission of Sewers, by Realbn whereof the Petitioners are unable to pay sundry Debts contracted by them, or to perform any future Services to the aforesaid Pavements, without Danger of sustaining Inconvenience thereby, as the Petitioners are adviled that the Powers

U u at

Ealt MoilMft:y and Rnvenf-bouiueLiaiUf,

Lingen Roadi Petition,

Mowfley Inclosure Petition.

166

4° Februarii. A. 1788.

at present by Law veiled in them are insufficient to raise Money to defray the Costs and Charges already, and in future to be, incurred by such Works, and to remedy certain Abuses to the Sewers and Drains within their Jurisdiction, by evil-dffposed Persons improperly contrafting the fame, and throwing Dirt and Allies therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Manner of making their Assessments in future, and for empowering them effectually to remedy such Abuses.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Joseph Mr.

Jbam, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Heres, was presented to the

House, and read; Setting forth, That the Roads leading from Listen, by Boresford, to Oak, in the said County, and from Ling through Kin foam, to Staplebar, and from Kinsham aforesaid, by , to the Rod, are in a ruinous Condition, and in several' Parts narrow and inconvenient, and cannot be effectually amended, widened, and kept in good Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that a certain Piece of Road leading from aforesaid, to Wat-

ford, in the said County of Hereford, is at present included in, and Part of, the Roads directed to be repaired by an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and, in case an Act should be passed in the present Session of Parliament, for repairing the said several Roads before mentioned, the Petitioners apprehend it would be a Benefit and Convenience to the County, that the said Piece of Road should be included in, and made Part of, the Roads to be repaired by virtue of such Act: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said several Roads before mentioned, and also the said Piece of Road between Lingen and Watford, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Harley, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, and Persons interested in, the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, of and within the Lordship or liberty of Mowfley,in the County of Leicester, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Proprietors and Persons interested therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That it will be advantageous to the Proprietors of, and Persons inter-efted in, the said Open and Common Fields, Meadbws, and Commonable Grounds, to have the same divided and inclosed, and a specific Share thereof allotted to every of them, according to their respective Properties and Interests therein, to be held in Severalty for ever: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said Open and Common Fields, Mea-

dows^ and Commonable Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Bochin and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Bolton Road* thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Petition. Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golboum Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lan-

caster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in the doing of which a considerable Debt hath been contrafted, which cannot be paid off, and the said Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged, amended, and rendered more effectual; and that it would be an Advantage to the said Road, and of public Utility, to leave out of the said Act so much of the said Road as leads from the Guide Post near Golboum Dale to Winwick: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it '

shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Blackburne, ricke, &c: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Justices at the General Quarter Petition from Sessions of the Peace for the County of Norfolk, hoi-den at the Castle of Norwich, in the Shire House there, sbve'uaJe. on Wednesday, the 16th Day of January 1788, was presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade as being unjust, contrary to true Policy, the Honour of the Nation, and the Interests of Humanity: And submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and The Lord* Mr. Walker: have agreed t.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tunbridge Act for continuing the Term, and varying the BiJil* Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from 'Tunbridge Wells, in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex-, and for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of to For eft Row, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the City of London attended at the Door; they were called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House,

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and

Commons

Petition from London respectiner the Slave Trade.


London Petition against the Shop Tax*

Committee appointed to view the Court for Mr. Hafiinzs'f Trial*

Mr. Wiikin-font Petition,

28 Geo. III. 40 FebruariL 167

Commons of the City of London, in Common Council his Trade, and which therefore, like the most ruinous assembled. of the Imports of France, operate as adireft Tax upon

And then they withdrew. Industry, they are courtantly alarming his Workmen

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth, with Threats of Removal to the various Parishes from That the Petitioners, taking into their most serious which the Necessity of employing skilful Manufactu-Consideration that Part of the Trade carried on by rers has obliged him to collect them; and that, al-this Country to the Coasts of Africa, which consists in though his Manufacture is thus oppressed by the Bur-procuring Slaves for the Cultivation of the Islands in then of the Poor Tax, it derives no Sort of Advan-the West Indies, are of Opinion, that the Honour of tage from the Benefit which that Tax is intended to the British Nation most loudly calls for an impartial obtain, for the Laws, which profess to provide a com-and immediate Enquiry into the Nature and present fortable Maintenance for the Poor, are so insufficient State of that Trade, which appears to the Petitioners for their End, that the Workmen in his Service are conduced on Principles highly inconsistent with the induced to form a voluntary Fund to secure them Dilates of Justice and Humanity; and that the Pe- from Want when Sickness or Age shall have rendered titioners apprehend that no Superiority of Power can them incapable of Labour j and that under these establish the Right, no Plea of Necelliry justify the Circumstances he finds himself subjefled to a Tax Practice, of treating with Cruelty the Natives of a which is not only inadequate to its Objcdt, and vexa-foreign Country, forced into Bondage for the Culture tious and impolitic in its Mode, but at the same of the Earth; And therefore praying the House to take Time so alarmingly progressive, as to threaten, at no into their Consideration the present State of the Slave very distant Period, the total Extindiion of his Works;

Trade, and to make such Regulations therein as to and that the Solicitude which the House has at all the House shall seem expedient. Times shewn for the Support of their native Manu-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the fadlyres (of which, as he conceives, that of Iron,

Table. when viewed in its different Branches, will appear fe-

cond to none in Importance) has impressed his Mind The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the with a Hope that, if effectual Relief can be given City of London attended at the Door; they were him with much Benefit to the Poor of his District, called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, and without the Risque of Injury to the Parish at A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and large, the House may be dilpoi'ed to extend to him Commons, of the City of London, in Common Coun- their Protection; and that rne Benefit of the laboured assembled, ing Poor of the District would be greatly promoted

And then they withdrew. if the intended voluntary Association of his Work-

And the said Petition was read; Complaining of men were incorporated on such Conditions as in the the Acts passed in the Twenty-fifth and Twency-sixth Judgment of the ablest Calculators given in Evidence,

Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for grant- to the House, shall leave no possible Doubt of the 1

ing certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain: And perfect Sufficiency of the Fund; and that all Risque repeating their Application to the House for a Repeal of Injury to the Parish may with Ease be prevented of the said Laws. by a Security given, on the Lands and Buildings of

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the the Petitioner, that no Person who shall obtain a Set-Table. tlement in his District shall at any Time become

chargeable to the Parishioners at large; and that ef-Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to view fedtual Relief would be extended to his Manufacture, the Court erected in Westminster Hall, for the Trial of if (on the aforesaid Conditions of Benefit to the*Poor

Warren Hastings, Esquire, impeached by this House of his District, and of perfect Security to the Parish

df High Crimes and Misdemeanors } and to report at large) the Land on which his Works are established to the House what Conveniencies and Accommoda- Should be declared Extra-parochial as to the Poor tiens are made for the Members of this House, when Rates, and as to those alone; and that the said Regu-the House shall be present, as a Committee of the lations will not be understood to imply a Right of whole House, at the Trial of the said Warren Hastings, Exemption in the said District from the Provisions of Esquire. any general Reform which the Legislature may think fit

Ordered, That the Managers, appointed to make to establish in the System of the Poor Laws, and, by good the Articles of Impeachrnenc against the said granting to the Petitioner the Relief which he solicits, an Warren Hcffmgs, Esquire, be the said Committee. Experiment will be made of the Efficacy of a new Plan

for the liberal Support of the Poor, that the Trial cannot A Petition of John IVilldnJon was presented to the be injurious, and that the House will then, in some House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner Degree, be enabled to ascertain, from actual Expe-hath established extensive Works, upon a new and rience, the Propriety of incorporating, on similar Con-improved Plan, for the Purpose of extracting Iron ditions, such other Societies of the Labouring Poor from the Ore, and afterwards manufacturing the fame, as are desirous of taking upon themselves the Burthen which he conceives are of great Importance to the of their future Maintenance: And therefore praying,

Interests of the Kingdom; and that One of the said That his same may be taken into Consideration, and Works is situated at Braaley, near BUJon, in the Parish that such Relief may be afforded him, as to the of Wolverhampton, in the County of Stafford, where he House shall seem meet.

has already expended £. 52,000, and upwards, in Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Buildings and Machines, and other necessary Uten- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-fils for carrying on the said Undertaking; and that mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it the present Demand for the Iron of his Manufacture, shall appear to them, to the House: and the Improvement of which it is capable, naturally And it is referred to Mr. , Mr. Jekyll, &c.:

encourage a very considerable Extension of his Works, And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at but that the Experience he has had of the vexatious Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Effect, as well as of the constantly increasing Amount and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and of the Poor Rates to which he is subject, has filled Records, him with Apprehensions of final Ruin to his Establish-

ment; and that while the Parish Officers are levying A Petition of several Owners of Estates or Inha- Wtrwidc Contributions, which increase with every Enlargement bitants within the Borough of , and Places Bridge Peri-

of the Buildings that are the necessary Instruments of adjacent, in the County of Warwick, was presented to #D‘

the

i68 4° — 5 ° Februarii. \ 1788.

the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Bridge OrderedThat the said Sir Elijah be now across the River Avon,in the said Borough, called called in, and heard at the Bar, on the Matter of the The Great Bridge, over which the Turnpike Road lead- said Charges.

ing from Birmingham, through Warwick, to Warming- Sir Elijah Impey was accordingly called in to the Bar, sir Elijah.i,

ton, and so on to the ut'most Limits of the said County and, in Part, heard. pey heard.

on Edge Hill,lies, is much decayed in many Parts And then he was directed to withdraw.

thereof, and is very long, and not sufficiently wide He was again called in; and, by the Direction of

and commodious for Travellers and Carriages} and the House, was asked, by Mr. Speaker, Whether he

that, if a new Bridge, of the Breadth of Thirty Feet had any Minutes, in Writing, of what he had now

at lead, was erected over the said River, near a Place offered, which he wished to deliver in to the House ?

called Blenheim, at lead 0.60 Yards higher up the said Whereupon Sit Elijah Impey informed the House,

River than the present Bridge (lands, and the said That he had no such Minutes.

Turnpike Road made and turned over such new And then he was again directed to withdraw.

Bridge, and other proper Streets, Roads, and Ways, Ordered, That the further Hearing of the said Sir

opened, and made to communicate therewith, and Elijah Impey, on the Matter of the said Charges, be several Streets, Roads, or Ways, now leading over adjourned till Morning next,

the said present Bridge, were (lopped and converted

into private Property, and the Materials of the pre- The Orders of the Day being read j

sent Bridge disposed of, the said Turnpike Road Resolve That this House will, upon Thursday Commkttea»

would bre considerably (Iraitcr than it now is, and it Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of

would be a great Benefit and Convenience to the Pe- the whole House, to consider of the several Articles pTy aeiemd,"

titioners, and also to all other Persons having Occa- of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against

fion to go along the said Turnpike unto the Town Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the

of Warwick;And therefore praying, That Leave may Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in

be given to bring in a Bill for building a new Bridge Bengal.

over the said River Avon, in the Parish of SaintNicho- Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered

las, in the Borough of Warwick, in the County of to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the

Warwick, higher up the said River than the said Great said Committee upon Thursday Morning next.

Bridge in the said Borough now (lands, and disposing of Ordered, That the Bill for confining, for a Time to Newfoundbiji the Materials of the said present Bridge, and for be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United Xfcrred.'U making convenient Roads and Ways in the Parishes States of A and His Majesty’s Subjects in the of Saint Mary and Saint Nicholas, in the said Borough, Island of Newfoundland to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, to communicate with the said intended new Bridge, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-> and (lopping up, and converting into private Pro- built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, perty, Parts of certain public Streets and Roads with- and navigated according to Law, clearing out from in the said Parishes of Saint Mary and Saint Nicholas, the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and in the Borough of Warwick aforesaid, now leading furnished with a Licence, be read a Second Time To-unto and over the said present Great Bridge, by such morrow Morning.

Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as the House Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supplyde* shall think proper. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Contention of a Committee: And that they do exa- to His Majesty.

mine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Waynn4 shall appear to them, to the House: Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

And it is referred to Sir George Augustus William whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Shuckburgh, Mr Call,&c.: And they are to meet for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the.

Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per- And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow fons, Papers, and Records. Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Elijah in*- A Petition of Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief pey»Fetiiidn. justice of tj,e Supreme Court of Judicature at

William in Bengal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner fees, by the Votes of the House, of the rath of December lad, that Sir Gilbert Elliot has, in his Place, charged the Petitioner with sundry High Crimes and Misdemeanors: And that the Petitioner is now attending on the House, and prays, That he may be heard, in Answer to the said Charges, now, or at such Time as may be convenient to the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Sir Elijah Impey be permitted to be heard on the Matter of the said Charges;

The House was moved, That the several Entries in the Journal of the House of the 26th Day of and the ift and ad Days of May 1786', of the Proceedings of the House upon the Petition of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, praying to be heard on the Matter of the Charges of High Crimes and Misdemeanors exhibited against him, and of his being heard thereon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly 5 Ordered, That the said Sir Inipey be permitted to be heard on the Matter of the said Charges.

Mart is, 5* die Februarii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 178?.

Prayers.

MR. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Worcester the Petition of the Trustees for putting in Execution several Atts of Parliament, passed in the' ‘ Twelfth Year of the Reign of King George the First, the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads therein mentioned, leading into the City of,

and near or adjoining thereto, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the 1 fame.

2 8 Geo. Ill

5° Februarii.

169

fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he and Hamlets of and Moor cot, in the

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And,

Mr. William Giles being examined, said. That the

Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum ,of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted.

Counties of Oxford and Bucks, on Behalf of themselves and other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a certain Piece oflow Waste Ground, within the Parishes or Hamlets aforesaid, in the said County of Oxford, called , containing

about 4,000 Acres, upon which the Petitioners, with others. Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates

which has been duly applied in the Repair of the said within the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships J ' ’ ’ aforesaid, have a. Right of Common; and that the fame is Overflowed with Water a considerable Part of the Year, and, during such Time, is of little or no Use to the Proprietors, but is capable of being drained, and by that Means much improved in Value; and that, by Reason of the great Extent of the said Moor, and the Intermixture of the Cattle of the Inhabitants of the different Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships aforesaid, much Inconvenience arises, and the Petitioners are desirous that the said Common Should be drained, and divided into so many Parts as there are distinct Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships, having Right of Common upon the fame, which would be to the great Advantage of all Parties interested therein, and to the Benefit of the Public: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for draining and dividing the ftiid Common, and for effecting the several Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Charles Spencer, the Lord Wenman, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber } and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-

faf»

K

lad

&.J

tat*

Roads; but the said Roads cannot be compleated and kept in Repair for the future, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued; and some Amendments are necessary to be made thereto. — And he further said, That in order to render the Passage or Entrance into the City of Worcester more convenient, it will be necessary to change the Course of the Road between the Bottom of Edgar Street and the Town Hall, and for that Purpose to purchase and take down several Buildings. — And he added, That it is proposed to take an additional Toll at certain Gates on a Sunday.

And being further examined, he said, That he knows the several other Roads described in the Petition — that the same are for the most Part in a ruinous Condition, and in many Places narrow and incommodious for Carriages and Passengers, and cannot be effectually amended by the ordinary Course of Law — That it would be a great Convenience and Accommodation to the Public if the said Roads, described in the said Petition, were put under the Care and Management of the Trustees for executing the said former Acts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of Worcester; and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned: : And that Mr. Lygon and Mr. Edward Foley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

pers,

and Records.

Maid (lone Road Petition.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Bor-

den and Bobbing, in the County of Kent, is now very near expiring; and that great Progress hath been made in repairing and widening’ the said Road, and considerable Sums of Money borrowed for that Purpose, which Hill remain due, on the Credit of the Tolls, but that neither the Repairs of the Road can be carried on and compleated, nor the Sums which have been borrowed repaid, without an Enlargement of the Term granted by the said Act: And therefore

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, and otherwise interested in, the Open and Common Fields, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, within the Hamlet, Liberties, and Precincts of Little Tew, in the Parish of Great Tew, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds of the Petitioners, in the said Open and Common Fields and other Commonable Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons inrerested therein, if the said Fields, Lands, and Grounds, were divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to the several Proprietors, according to their respective Rights and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave

praying, That Leave may be given to bring in & Bill may be‘given to bring in a Bill for dividing and infer such an Enlargement of the Term granted by the closing the said Open and Common Fields, and other

said Act, as to the House shall seem meet

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as It shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mar (ham, Mr. Hony-wood, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

Commonable Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Pecition: And that Lord Charles Spencer and the Lord IV’.nman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Tew Inclosure Petition.

OtmoorTVain-Pent ion.

A Petition of the Subscribers, Landholders in the and have Power to fend ior Persons, Papers, and Re- County of ’Dumbarton, was presented to the House, Cords. and read; Sorting forth, That an Act was made in

the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of King George A Petition of Alexander Crokey Esquire, Jdvi Sawyery the Second, for repairing several Roads leading into Esquire, and other the Persons, whole Names are the City of Glasgow, and the Roads thereby directed thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors to be repaired are divided into Districts, and the of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Beckley, and Road from Glasgow to Dumbarton is One of the said Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the said Parish, the Districts; and that an Act was made in the Twenty-Parish of Noke, the Parish of Oddin^(o)i} the Parish of seventh Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, to YoimXLIII. X x ^PJajni

170 5 ° Februarii.A. 1788.

explain, amend, and render more effectual, the said Glasgowto which leads through the County Act; and that a Third Act was made in the Twelfth to the Town of Dumbarton.

Year of His present Majesty, to enlarge the Term, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so much of the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-

before-mentioned Acts as relates to that Part of the amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dum- shall appear to them, to the House: barton, which leads through the County to the Town And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Archibald

of Dumbarton, whereby it is provided,'that the said Edmonfione, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Acts Should, with respect to that Part of the Road from Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Cham-. the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which ber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton, Records, be continued from the Expiration of the Term granted by the Two first-recited Acts, for the Term of A Petition of William Pochin, Esquire, Lord of the HumWftone

Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the Manor, Edward Hartopp IVigley, Esquire, Impropriator *'*

then next Session of Parliament, and the Persons there- of the Impropriate Rectory, and the Reverend John in named, and sUo every other Person or Persons in Dudley, Clerk, Pacron and Incumbent of the Vicarage Possession as Proprietor or Life Renter of Lands with- and Parish Church of in the County of -

in the County of Dumbarton, valued in the Tax Rolls cefier, and of the several other Persons whose Names of that County to the Extent of One hundred Pounds are thereunto subscribed, Owners of Land or Right of Scots, are thereby appointed Trustees for surveying, Common in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Corn-ordering, and repairing that Part of the said Road, monable Grounds, of Humberstone aforesaid, on Behalf and Bridges in the Course thereof, and for putting in of themselves and the rest of the Persons interested Execution all the other Powers and Authorities grant- therein, was presented to the House, and read; Setting ed by the said Two first-recited Acts, in so far as the forth, That it would be advantageous to the Proprie-fame relate to the aforesaid Part of the Road from tors of, and Persons interested in, the said Fields, Mea-Giajgowto Dumbartonj and that the said Trustees were dows, and Commonable Grounds, to have the same further authorized at a General Meeting to borrow a divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allot-Sum of Money, not exceeding One thousand Pounds ted to them, to be held in Severalty forever: And Sterling, on the Credit of the Tolls allowed to be therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring levied, by the said recited Acts, on the aforesaid Part in a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the said of the Road from Glasgow to Dumbarton-, and that, Open Fields, *Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, immediately after the passing of the last Act, the Road in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, therein described, and the Bridges upon the fame. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, were made, built, and repaired, in a very compleat pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Manner, and have since been supported at considerable Mr. Bastard and Mr. Hungerford do prepare, and bring.

Expence, and Two Toll Bars were erected on the said in, the fame.

Road at the Distance of Six Miles from each other,

but Payment at any One of them procured Passage A Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Leith Hitboi* through both; and that the Tolls and Duties levied Council of the City of Edinburgh, for themselves, and ^etitlon' upon the said Road have not been sufficient to defray on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was pre-the Expence of forming and making the Road, build- fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, ing and repairing the Bridges, and to keep the Whole in by the great Increase of Trade and Navigation in the Repair, and it is found by Experience, that, in order Port of , belonging to the Petitioners, the Har-to discharge the Debt contracted for these Operations, bour of Leith is become too small, and there are not it will be necessary, not only that the Term of the said proper Conveniences for Ships and Vessels, or for the Act be enlarged for a further Number of Years, but Merchants and other Traders resorting thereto, and it also that the Trustees be authorized to levy at each of is therefore become highly necessary, not only to the Toll Bars which have been erected on the said deepen, scour, and enlarge the said Harbour, and the Road at the Distance of Six Miles from each other, the Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, already con-fame Tolls and Duties which are now exacted for paf- strufted at the Expence of the Petitioners, and to sing both the said Bars: And therefore praying, That widen the Streets, Lanes, and Passages leading to and Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to continue from the same, but also to construct: new Quays, Piers, the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of the Docks, and Warehouses, for building, repairing, lay-Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of ing up, lading, and unlading Ships and Vessels, and his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, for containing Goods and Merchandize, and to make " An Act for repairing several Roads leading into the new Streets, Lanes, and Passages to and from the said u City of Glasgow J and also to enlarge the Term and Harbour, and to purchase Houses, Grounds, and Areas Powers of the Act made in the Twenty-seventh Year for the above Purposes; and that it would be of great of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act public Utility to have the Jurisdiction of the Petitito explain, amend, and render more effectual, an oners extended over the Grounds so to be purchased,

" Act passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign and to ascertain the Fees and other Dues now payable,

" of his present Majesty, intituled, An Act for re- and hereafter to be paid, by the Owners of Ships and

" pairing several Roads leading into the City of GlaJ- Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, Quays, Piers,

" gew," and also to enlarge the Term and Powers of and Docks, and by Merchants and other Traders using the Act made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of the said Warehouses; and it will be necessary for the His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to continue Petitioners to borrow Money for purchasing Grounds,

" the Term, and alter and enlarge the Powers, of so Houses, and Areas, and for executing the above " much of Two Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Works: And therefore praying, That Leave may be " Twenty-seventh Years of King George the Second, given to bring in a Bill for the above Purposes, in for repairing several Roads leading into the City of such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the " Glasgow, as relates to that Part of the Road from House shall seem meet.

the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " which leads through the County to the Town of Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-.

" Dumbarton," and for altering and amending the said amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Acts so far as respects the said District of Road from shall appear to them, to the House:

' And

18 Geo. III.

5° Felruarii.

17*

Taunton Street Petition*

And it is referred to Sir Sir Archibald

Edmonstone, &e.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Sir Benjamin Hammet was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the present Lane or Way, called Lane, leading from

Fore Street, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, to the Church of Mary , in the said Town, is very narrow and inconvenient, and the laying out and making a proper and commodious Way from Fore Street to the said Church will be a great iBenefitand Convenience to the several Persons rel'orting thereto, and will open a View to that ancient and celebrated Strufturej and that, in order to layout and make the said Way, it will be necessary to take down an ancient ruinous Almshouse, and also Two Dwelling Houses, now or late in the Possession of Mary Miles and Lock, and also certain Houses and

Buildings of small Value, and to purchase certain Garden Grounds and Tenements, now or heretofore belonging to John Blewet and others, with Power to stop up the present Lane leading to the said Church, and to build a new Street; and that the Petitioner is willing to undertake to lay out and make such new Way as aforesaid, in a commodious Manner, in case the Ground of the present Lane or Way leading to the said Church be veiled in him: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crickitt, Mr. Alexander Popham, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

mite Sheet Mr. Penruddocke reported from the Committee, to HUi Road Bill whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping rtporte . -jn RCpa}r<} the Road from the Bottom of White Sheet Hill,through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road, at or near Barford, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrofi'ed.

'spomlon in- A Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors Uotu" PeU* Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Sponden, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there arc, within the said Hamlet or Liberty, several Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, containing about t,oooo Acres, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of Improvement; and that it would be advantageous to the Petitioners, and the other Owners ana Proprietors of the said Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, if the same were divided and inclosed, and i'pecific Parts thereof allotted to the respective Persons entitled there-

to: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Fields, Common Pastures, and Waste Grounds, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke and Air. lundy do prepare, dnd bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Ralph Browne Esquire, of Browne*

Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow,in the County of KamePctiiioni Salop, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That Jane Browne, late of Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, Widow, deceased, did, by her last Will and Tellament in Writing, duly executed, and bearing Date the Twenty-fifth Day of December One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-three, give and bequeath all her Manors,

Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments whatsoever, in the Counties o( Salop and Stafford, and all her Personal Fflatcs, subject to the Payment of her Debts and Legacies, as in the said Will is mentioned, unto certain Persons therein named and described, and the Survivor and Survivors of them, their Heirs,

Executors, and Administrators, in Trull for the Petitioner Ralph Browne Wylde, his Heirs and Afllgns* for ever, with divers Remainders over, in case the Petitioner Ihotild die before the Age of Twenty-one, without Issue; and that the said Testatrix did by her said Will declare her Bequest to the Petitioner, and Limitations as aforesaid, to be on theexprefs Condition that the Person or Persons that, by virtue of such Limitations, should be entitled to the Estates thereby devised, should immediately, or as soon as might be after his or her coming into Possession of the fame, take upon them, by Act of Parliament, the Name of Browne, and also bear the Arms of the Family of the Brownes-, and that the Petitioner hath attained the Age of Twenty-one Years, is become poffdTed of, or entitled to, the several Estates devised to him as aforesaid, and is desirous of complying with the Directions of the said Testatrix, by taking and using the Surname and Arms of Browne: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke and Mr. Forester do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Brightfi.ie thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of, or PcTiuod otherwise interdled in, divers Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Township of Brigbtfide Bierlow, within the Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, and, in respect thereof, entitled to Right of Common upon certain Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Township, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the several Commons and Waste Grounds within the said Township, in their present State, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Owners thereof, and Persons interested therein, according to their respective Rights and Interests, it would be a considerable Improvement to their Estates: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as shall be thought pro- " per.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that 1 Mr. Duncombe and Mr. V/illerforce do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

I A Petition

5° Februarii. A. 1788.

Bagbyindo* Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ty of And the same was received; and read the

ure «uBon. thereunt0 subscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, First Time.

Cottages, Frontsteads, and Lands, within the Town- , That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ship of Bagby, in the Parish of , in the

North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Township, a certain Moor or Common, called Bagby Low and Part of a certain other Moor or Common, called Bagby High Moor, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Open and Lninclosed State, are incapable of Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and inclosure thereof: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Moor or Common, called Bagby Low Moor, and the said Part of the said Moor or Common, called Bagby High , in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer Of the said Petition: And that Mr. Buncombe and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

RiiidWdrn A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Com-iommitte/11 mons or Waste Grounds within the Manor of

den, otherwise Morton, or with Morton, in

the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c, t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Biightivlm- Mr. "Thomas Pelham presented to the House, accord-hou'feBiu Prt- *n§ to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a feuted, P Playhouse in the Town of Brigbthelmstone, in the Conn*

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attend- &c. sent fro* ed at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, ®ec°^Jn<,on* presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, tn

An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits and Compounds sent from Scotland to England, distinguishing each Port, from the 5th of July 1786 to the 5th of July 1787: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of British Spirits and Compounds sent from Scotland to England, distinguisti-ing each Port, from the 5th of July 1787 to the 5th of January 1788.

And then he withdrew.

-And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred tathe Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about London.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Farhill, Secre- Account of tary to the Commissioners for Reduction of the Na- SationiiiHt tionaLDebt, attended at the Door; he was called in; presented. and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

The Account of the Commissioners, appointed by Act of Parliament, for applying certain Sums of Money, Annually, to the Reduction of the National Debt.

And then he withdrew.

And the T’tle of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; .

1787. The

t

28 Geo. IIL

5° Februarii.

Vol. xuii.

y y

u *3

u 1> a Cm £

u & V

A

> " J2 I 8

s & *2.« a

VO V5 0|>0|VOVO,|VO|«0 0 JOS

to vo O vo tovO O to N v^N iolnO«wN«ANN u>j (s N u>0 vsN O O O | O W

NO 0 00 toOO ^*^NO Wm MOO 0 - to IvOO — |s 0 Q0 O VO N VO !V00 O voOO N vo CO Ov D O *- N

VO M N N OO Ov rhOO CO N - N ON to N 0\V£> O hvO OO vo IV — Lr, VO — DO CO - VO tv 0 N N — NO N OvOO O 0\

MWN N N N N W N N W fO N N CON CO CO CO CO N N fON COCOCONN NON

8 88oo°8oo8o888oooo88888oooo888o88o88oo§.88888888o8

O O00 00 000 On O On On O Os O O Ov ©v On OS 5 Q 0 - to N cococoN N N cON cococon co-^- vovO vo vo vO vo to co '* ts> tv'O vo no vo vo no rvvo vo vo vo cv ts.vo vo vo vo tvrvtvivtvtvtv*>.tvrvtvrvtvtvrvtvrvf>.rvrvrvrvrvtvrvfvrvt^r>vtv

0

CO

c

e

2

CO

1

Co

a

c.

M

3

CO

1111111 111111111111 r 11111111111111111111111 ~ 111

to

o

VO

N

O

vo

O

| 111111 m 1111111111111111111111111 mu 1111 irn i |^|

a

n

U

111111 m 1111 m 1111111111111111111111111111 ?! 11

a.

a

a

2

03

S

CO

z

1 vO 1 1 1

to N to O 1111

-1 1.1 1 J :«1

A N N ro QQ vo

fl N 4 A to 0 CO

vo

111J11 m j 111111111111111111

00

CO »o

co o 4 10

I *

Cm:

t-i vo

NO

N

OO

N

NO

V 0 1*1 13*1 *hl3M 1 1 1 *bi 1 1 1 vo 1 1 1

rs ts. N

7* 'E. 1 %\ %\ ll§l 1 II A 8 1 11li 111

<n O H vo tr\ 4

TIX I I I I II I I I I I I I I M I I I I o~ I IV

N N N tv

Is!

1811"

O

10

VO

N

«5

8

Co

co

TJ

9 — 4

o

MI-1

1 1 1 1 1

111 vo II - II1 II 1 "I 2 1 12

N — N N co vo vo ts (M 00 Is

VO VO vo «N

I I

VO

O o N

NQ to m

no co

tm CO VO

I I I I

UN I O

"I I 1 I - I I I

O CO o N

O - On

CO vo rv to

A A A *

Vo M M M

m;[

ON

vo

N

I I I -1.1 IIIUIIIIIUUUIII I Ul UUi.Ul.s.l I I I I |m.|

~ " UN vo 10 — COCONNNWON *

Cs N N N N K N N N N VO N

vo vo

tv tv

c4»

co

N

C-

U

SlIllllllllilMlllglglilllllSlIll^lSlIlgMMIlIl

Cv co vo

o

g.

vB

a

a

tj

*T3

U

1 " 1 1 1 1 r mill r irn

0 - 0 0 5 2 vo N VO 1 I 1 H , O N to I

1 1 I 1 1 - 1 1 1 1 1 1 M - - 111 1 1 *1 N 1

1 1 N Is* 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 N 1 1 vo — N - 0 0 vo N vO tv. UN IV 00 to VO N 09 vo

CO — 00 vo — On r>. N — UN On n — vo 00 to vo IV O N

to 4- N vo co 00 UN N CO CO00 CO NO M N CO COVO N vo CO

m vm N + vo co lO VO CO UN — VO to vo VO CO vo CO VO

Price. 1 1 1 1 «All*Nb# 1 1 VO vo Is 1 II II UN NO IV NO Is | OtoVaO to VO rv iv Mjrt 'sMNjw tT — CON cococococo r^ivrvis.rvis.rv.is.t>. MlH co CO tv rv f-l* N Nn|* CO co M N + iv tv rv tv tv 111 111 Mil CO tv

0 0 0 .00. 000000000. OOOO I NO^cOcOCONNN 1 — to i> rv to tv n tv 0 O , OOOO 00000 co 0 co 0 vo a A MaKUMs 111 INI MM O

Capital. 1 1 1 1 8« 1 1 N - MII IBM CO 1 1 18 8 1 VO tV 0 0 I N *0 1 rv tv vo dv 0

a

d

0

A,

0

O

o

11 in in

111

11212 211 m 11 r", (111, (|, 11, |, 11, 111 s 2 m 2-=

... . A 1 ’ A ns A m A A u

o voOO

OsON

o o n

CO co vo

M CO

0 0 — co

IA «0 N n

vo co «o co M vo vo io

00 0 w vo —

On co N On — co co co n 00

10 vo vo VO 't*

— 0S0 M <MO O M M 00 N — vo N co00 00 CO 00 COCOCOCO — N VOT*-

CO vo VO VO VO N vo CO co

mHwlceb'M "Mv'lx tv tv iv tv

N N fN N N

hIhH4-M 1 |

tv tv

NMs rs

r- tv tvO \0 tv rv tv tv tv

I II I I I I M I I I I I I I

r?(T f+ipP 1

I [ I j HWH|MN|«MiDO

CnOCnO — — rJ — O

vo rvso tv rv iv rv rv r-~

MW<

N

c/

3

'cL,

n

O

888

O O 00

4* 4d

o o

O O I Ov + I

0000

0000

o ON ON ON N VO NO vo

00000

8g&8s8jl 1 I I I I I I

tvO o VO vo

I I I I I I I I

OOOO I I I I I OOOOQvo I I I I I VO vo vo nO voO coOCO

ION N is tO N vs

I I I

I I I

VO O o

§ 8

- o

o 111 I 1 I I I I I I I I I I I I I I i I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I II 1 I

N

1 r-' 1111 mi 1111111111 m m 11 i i i n 11111111111

o

1111111111111

0 V 0

q§£pSill I I IIII I II I II if IIMII I II M I I I

o g g g

Co o £ £ ~_£3 £

£ 3 ^oooo-Mooooeooooeoc^o z w'c QO QQOCCQP PQC5Q wQS QC Q5 QQ QQOO ft Q Q^Q

"Sc

I I I I II I I I I

OOOO

oqqgo

OOOO

35555

o

J3

O O O rX tJ u

5 3 5 £

00 vO * N

N CO

o® Cv O

vr\«0 00 n h * too ps.00

— "NHNNencOv,

N O + unOsO — NvO tvoo CO VOSO 6 - N to f^OO O- 6

A

vo rs.

N N N fO

9J§00^)Aq p0Z!ll6'a

® co *2* ® 'S- 'S «jy u> ' MMNM^mhwmwh «j.> Nj) HIOMHMmmhhm M M * o 04" 04 VO V. CNN m O VO OS 04 14 OO OS^» O O C0-> O* N m v$ 0^01 4^ — O VQ 0004 N - N OW^t 4" O VO 00 VJ w t) OO OO o VJ 00 V4 v w «

H 0 tf £. 1 ffoooo.dqaouobtiDDoyDODOdoooobDooaaspoooosooDDugoooo? p <* 25 cow a 0 5’ 5* S' S' 5* S' S' S' S' 5’ 5‘ S' S' S* ® 5* 5* S* 5* S’ 5’ S' S' S* S’ S' S' S' S' 8 S' S' S' S' S’ S' S' S' S' 5’ S’ S' S' S’ S' S’ 8 *s § ts c*s £ 5-3 > S PTOOOOPTOOOOK-OOCOOOO 9T^ ©Vn Sm nCo^’3^ !i 1111' 11,11 i 1 if,' 1' 11,111111 iii 111,' 1',', 1,1, "Wv~' ioioioS3,?; 111f111111111111II11111111111II1111 f 111111 111111 1*-£*-£*£ 1 1 14 9 BL *< 0) -1 &

N VO VO o 00 N-ri On O »4 v-n 04 OS w 04 O *" 1M111111 IIIi1111(111111111111i1II11111111111111 £ £ In" 1 1 1 1 10 1 1 1 1 1 U M 1 o & 2 2. < 2.

1 Ui 4* 04 04 0 00 00 vi ocvt 00 ot N4iM 00 00 00 00 Oo oom 00 00 vo vo vj 00 " 00 v| m 00 cn vi . , ^,v«n 00 mooooqoooonooOv o VI 00 O r* 00 OO OOVO oo OO OO-f* vo VO o o N 00% QVnvivn+ | O O OV -f" On O N Nj N) VJ N) OO VI o 000* oo88o83S82o88888§88Soo8o§88g8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 2 8 8 S'S 8 8 8 n 6J n o D O' *S 04

VI ] H- M'4MMMMnNns|n|mmnMNv| On Owi v|v|v|v|viv|v|v| v| m nj v|v|v|v|v|vivivjvjviv|v|-v| v-n.^. — Q 0 O O O O O O O O »* 0 vo MD NO O O — mujviwuu *4 04 n - - — *-►*>-« O ►* H« «hd O v| H* eofm »*\m 1 A's*’0e, W I4- tajw M H'~00|V oalVHlM *0 3. n r»

04 by o 0 11111 it I? 111111111111111111 mfi 11111 g.i 11 ii 11111 0 O Q O O C4 *2. r pu a o n a > 9 0 04 > 9

VI h» oei- 11111 i&m 1111111111111111111 m 1111 i£i 111111111 *0 D. o a

'O 00 VI Nrt 1 j* vi M VO -k 1 1 1 1 1 1^ o 1 M 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l] 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 II 1 1 CO c 3 Ul V £

N 04 N O o i Kvo 111111111111111111111? ib iri| 1111111111111111 o o o o o o 0 0 0 o o © o 0) a pi 0 £ 1 r > s 0 m 04 > b

v| 04 i iHi 11111111 ii 111111111 i£m£m 111111111111111 2 n

OV vb Ol o VI Os V41 M pV " 00 OS w M w VO Mss 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 M 1 1 II 1 M 1 1 - 1 - M 1^ 1 1 III 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 0 O vr» v| II 1 1 1 CA -3 U F*

14 v| 3 1 1 1 1 £ 1 1 £ 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 £ 1 £ 1 1 1 1 1 1 I £ 1 v 1 £ 1 I 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 £> 1 1 OO vr»v^» OOOO O oo oo k o o o o n »> E New South Sea Ann* 3 p. CK

VI 11 m£i ill 11 1111111 11 ° u-i I I I ii 1*1 *i*i 11 1 1 11 I 1 i£i I if

vp 04 VJ so Ov 04 cn 14 Os m W % N» v# w O OO — N v-n »4 oo 4^ <-r» K) VrtON-K SO 00 S*4 Vn >1 Ot Sn N4N NO M1 1J1 ,1 1 1 1 1 1 1 I 1 1 1 1 , 1- 1 1 1 111 1-1| 1-1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 , 1 1 Ov 1 1 «0 III 1 C/J c § "8 ?

O 04 3 1 1 1 l£l l|l 1 1 1 1 1 1*1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1^1 1 m 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 1 l£ O 0 o o 8 o o f M VI vn r r > 0 0 m 04 b

VI 111 i£i m 11111m1111ni*i112111111111111111111£ "I s

VI 04 VI 14 Ov mm m M W X I. y VO O 00 gs 1111m r1111111 ~ 1111111r11if i ii 111111111111111* 1 vn 14 I sj 1 Ov Ov v OS C/J (3 3 Ul F*

VI On 0 oo oo oo oo po tcNO oop>o°oopooooa)0oooopo oc'O ^5 ®^5opopopoa)»a>aaeopeoopo«>oopo50fopoooopoj»poooo N 4k ^4 vboo OO 0 MM «0 Oovb oo 00 «>vi NO <0 O O 00 00vJ sn On n>> Oi v-n JJk O'vi bvbvO'- O' Ovvi vj vi vi vj oovi Ov 00 oo v^gOOOOQOOpOOOOMnO'^OOQOOOOQOpOObOQQOs^oOO oooo^oooo-oooo tl n r| 01 B-

vo

vO

o

oo

v/t

Ov

O

pvOsOvOv^OvOvO'O'CvOvOvpvpvpvpNppvpvpNpvpNpvpNpvppipNp'pvpvpvpvpvpNpNpNCvONO'ONONOSONOvOvOvOs

N N N *Nh N N * N w N , N 04 W m b NNNNNNNNNMNiwNM

04 u* o VO X N \0 v> o O m oov-a m ON ©v-^> vl Vm NO vn Vh 4v n vJ U n« w» -f *»N + O'^'f 04 wn n

wm^^* Ovoi 04 Ovon v*i 00-fk oo-ft OVVl Co Ovsw vr» -ft O *" Ov On- Ov- '-^'O N^voVO 00 — vo oi N M nnovm m Osvi

t 1

vJ* 1*1 e £ oj |4 v£ 0 I O <-n I U I ^3 vn vi! o v* Oo3 -5 wn ^4 -Vj I I win! o I v£ | n!! q^Vi m I ©DO I 3

I I I I I I I Os I I I I ! I I I I as I I I Ivoovov I DVOV ! II os I I I I I I J U I OsU I II

o

NO

e.

F-

r*

o

n

mvnjqaj 0S

1H oaO 8Z

D'.

1787.

O

(a

f — h

N'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

c«

?r

OcT 12.

24.

Mv' 2

6

7

8

13

14

II

20

21

22

23

27

28 29

Dcfr 4

5

6

7

11

12

*3

14 18

*9

20

7.*^ 2

3

4

8

9

10

11

15

16

23

24

29

3*

6* QL-

and Year.

Quarterly Issue —

Ann* 1777* i Yc?r Reduced Dd on I

.338,000 — 3 Old S* Sea on I /* 3»3*oc° J

Stock bought

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto —

Ditto —

Ditto — "

Ditto — ’ —

Ditto —

Ditto —

Ditto —

Ditto — — -

Ditto — —

Ditto —

Ditto — —

Stock bought

Ditto —

Ditto —

Ditto — —

Ditto — ——

Ditto — —

Ditto —

Ditto — — *

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Stock bought —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Ditto — —

Stock bought —

Total 6 Q1 — —

5 QL —

4 01 — —

3 "

Total 2nJ Year —

Cash Received.

250,000 — — 12,500 — 5,070 —

4*695 "

272,265 — — 299,085 6 10

2 54*755

254,110 — — 1,080,215

Confol4 3 / C' Ann*.

Capital-

7.700

8.749

3,000

6.700 8,800

8,700

8,8 00

8.700

8.700

8.700 3,800

8.700

5.500 600

6.500

2,700

3,000

5,000

5 ,000

3>3°°

3,900

6,550

133 °99 343 ’3°* 133,85° 192.200

price.

7|r

7^¥

75f

76}

751

76

76

76i

76?

76

73

7*i

76i

77*

77i

7SZ

7Si

7u

7$Z

7Si

?si

75x

76

7l\

802,450 j —

Sum* paid.

5,842

6,649

7 6 5 —

2,272 10 —

5,098 5 —

6,655 ——

0,612 — 6,683 — — 6.633 >5 — 6,622 17 6 6,612 — — 2,902 5 —

6,666 7 6

4.21+ 7 6

463 10 —

5»°*3 3 6

2,048 10 — 2,265 ——

3,787 10 —

3»775

3,487

2,934 15

4-945 5

101,179 — — 245,620 5 7

99,654 18 9

146,078 10 —

592.532 *4 4

Reduced Ann* 3 p. C*.

CapitaL Price. Sums

Z —

_ — —

— —

— ✓ z

— z

_ — —

800 7 61 610 — —

8,700 76s 6,6 4. 12 6

4,600 7t-f 3 »519

8,700 764 6,633 15 —

8,700 7Si ! 6,596 2 0

8,800 751 6,622 — —

8,800 75§- 6,677 —

7,800 7 6r 5>93° 5 ~

8,800 7°i 6,69 I IO —

8,700 7<* 6,622 17 6

— —


3,800 7$i 2,89a 1 $ —

5D'°° 76 4,180

8,700 76 6,612 — —

— —

2,200 I 1,677 12 6

9f,6oo 76 71.909 10 —

13,600 72^ 9>»'7 5 "

109,450 73s- 80.377 3 9

23,150 75'i «7>547 3 9

240,800 — 179,65! 2 6

Old South Sea Ann* 3 / C‘.

Capital.

1,100

8,800

5,000

2,100

8,8®o

8,900

1,000

8.800

5.800

8, Soo

8.800

67.500 23,200

60.500 64,050

216,050

Price. I Sums paid.

74r f

7 It

751

75*

75 t 75t 75} 75* 75z 75*

75*

75?

73

73*

75r

3,762 10 —

1,588 2 6

5','27 7

16,950 17

44-993 2

l6l,23i I

New South Sea Ann* 3 O. 1751. Si

Capital. Price. Sums paid. Capital.

6

_ — —

_ — — —

4.400 7Si 3,311 1,500

2,000 7St 1,510

_ / —

_ " ——

— —

_ — — —

_ — . ——

— —

_ — — —

3,05° 7 61 2,325 12 6 S>75°

— —

800 76| 6lO — — 2>35°

6,coo 7Ci 4,605 — - 2,000

6 . —

3,00 76* 2,29* ’5 — 5,000

- — — 4,000

— *

— — — *

_ — — —

6 _ —

r — — —

u. ——

__ —

_ — — —

6,coo 74 £ 4,^92 IO —



3,800 75 I 2,859 IO —

m^m — — —

8,800 74* <5,5 7s —

— — 5,000

6 37.85° 28,^82 17 ( 25,600

6 27,100 7«f 19-379 6 3 10,3-0

6 37 O5O 74* 27,678 17 t 2,800

9 36,600 74* 27,159 i* 6 20,300

3 138,600 102,800 13 5 59,000

Price.

75*

76*

76*

76*

76*

76*

74t

76

71

7?*

74*

6th Quarter.

O.

Sums paid.

1,128 15 —

4,38+ 7

>,79* l7 *.53 5 —

3,825 —

3,070 —

3*73'- 5 —

19,466 5

7*3*7 12 2,0^0 17 15>l65 —

43*999 —

Capital in all the Stocks.

8,800

8.749

8.800 8,90a]

8.700

8.800

8.700

8.800

8.700

8.700

8.700

8.800

8.800

8.700 8,650

8.600

8.600

8.800

8.700

8.600

8.700

8.700

8.800

8.800

8.900

8.800

8, Soo

8.800

8.800

8.700

8.800

8.700 *8,800

8.800

8.800

8.800

8.800

8.700

8.800

8.900

8.750

359-°49

417,501

3+4,05°

356,3®°

Total Cacti paid.

15 "7

17 6

r

10

5

5

12

’5

7

272,265 ——

299,0185 6 10

25+*755 ——

25^,uo ——

1,456,900/ 1,080,215 6 jo

o\

6,66c — . —

6,649 5 —

6,567 ——

6,712 5 —

6,608 5

6.655 —

6.612 — — »

6,688 — —

6,635

6.622

6.612 — — 6,664 15 — 6,710 — — 6,666 6,616 6,603 6,601 6,726

6.644

6,589 — — 6.633 15 — 6,596 2 6

6.611 — —

6.622 — —

6,686 2 6

6,677 — —

6 684 ——

6,691 10 ~ 6,620 5 —

6,531 ——

6.644 — -

6.622 17 o

6,666 ——

6,647 ——

6,666 ——

6 667 6,667

6.612 — —

6.578 —

6,666 — —

6.622 17 6

Crr

o

1.

-o

00

00

An A C C 0 U N T of the Officers appointed by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt, and of the Annual Allowances settled by the Commissioners of g the Treasury for their Service, Pains, and Labour, in performing the Trust severally ^4 reposed in them, r


Secretary Agent — Broker Clerk Messenger

500 — —

200 — — 400 — — 80 — — 5° ——

An ACCOUNT of Incidental Charges.

Ledger, Stationary, &c# — r 60

An ACCOUNT of expired Terms and Annuities.

Unclaimed Exchequer Annuities — —

Expired D° D* ——

Half Yearly Payment of Short Annuities 1777, which expired

4? 5 '7*7 ——

accruing interest.

On 2,119,650 Capital 63,589 10 .

C.

Pitt.

- Kenyon.

- Edw4 Darell.

Mark Weyland.

-si

34,892 — 7 864 6 j

12,500 — —

28 Geo. III. e6 Februarii.

Bndwell In* closure Bill ommiued.

Wandon Tn-closure Bill committed.

Newfoundland Trade Bill committed.

Accounts and Papers relating to the Ordnance, pr dented.

I78

50 Felruarii.

A. 1788.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

of all Materials supplied to the fame, since the ift of January 1784: And also,

An Account of the Quantity of Gunpowder made A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and at Royal Powder Mills at , since the lft

Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Mea- of January 1784: And also.

Two Books,

dows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bra in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Wyndham Gre>;ville, Mr. Call, Sec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise Wavendon, in the County of Bucks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

containing an Account of such Articles as have been supplied for the Ordnance Service, either by private Agreement with the Board, or by their special Orders; together with a comparative View of the Prices for which such Articles were proposed to be furnished, as entered in the Surveyor General’s Office: And also.

An Account of the Civil Establishments under the Board of Ordnance in Jibe West North,

and Jibe Bahama Islands, distinguishing the Additions which have taken Place since the Year 1783, and the Time when such Additions were made to the said Establishments: And also,

An Estimate of the Expence of compleating Fort Cumberland, according to the Plan of the Works now carrying on: And also,

An Account of the Number' of Convicts which have been employed from Time to Time in the Works at Cumberland Fort.

Together with a List of the said Accounts, Papers, and Estimates.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts, Papers,* and Estimates, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts, Papers, and Estimates, are

preserved

Session.

amongst the other Papers of this

A Petition of John Hooke Campbell, Esquire, on Behalf of -himself and of his Nephew, John Campbell, Esquire, and of several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Manor of , in the county of,

Resolved, H\\Zt this House will, upon Jhurfday Morn- was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'p|iat there is, within the said Manor, h certain Piece House, upon the said Bill. of Common or Waste Ground, called Castlemartin

Corse, containing by Estimation about 500 Acres, Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant over which the Owners and Proprietors of Copyhold to their Orders, Estates within the said Manor are entitled to Right of

An Account, stating how the Money granted by Common j and that the said Common or Waste Parliament, for the last Four Years, to the Ordnance, Ground is subject to be Overflowed, and in its present State is incapable of Improvement, but, if Power was given to inclose and drain the fame, and to divert and turn a certain Stream of Water, running by the Side thereof, in a new Direction, to its Outfall at Sea, the said Common or Waste Ground might be considerable Part of the Royal Regiment of Artillery greatly improved: And therefore praying. That Leave

has been actually applied towards the Services for which it has been voted, distinguishing the Sums voted, and the Application of them in each Year: And also,

An Account of the Savings made by employing a

as Artificers and Labourers, according to the Plan of the Matter General of the Ordnance, submitted to the Honourable House of Commons in the Year 1783: And also,

A Return of the Numbers and Establishment of the Body of Military Artificers, according to the Plan of the Master General of the Ordnance, submitted to the Honourable House of Commons in the Year 1783: And also,

A Copy of His Majesty’s Warrant for raising a Corps of Military Artificers, and the Instructions issued by the Master General of the Ordnance for recruiting the said Corps, and the Purpose, Expence, and Establishment of the fame: And also,

A Copy of the Agreement with Mr. Walton, for the Purchase of the Powder Mills at Waltham Abbey: And also,

A Return of the Civil Establishment at the Royal Powder Mills at Faversham: And also,

Castlemartin Inclosure and Drainage Pete* tien.

may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing, draining, and improving the said Common or Waste Ground, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Wodehouse, Mr. Phipps, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, atr Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Samuel Jlbornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His A Return of the Number of Men now employed at present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Royal Powder Mills at laversham:And also, the Town of upon Hull to and through the

An Estimate of all Expences in carrying on the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Works at the Royal Powder Mills at Faversham j and Kirk the County of the said Town of

3 Kingston

Hull Roadi Bill presented

28 Geo. III. 5° 179

Kingston upon Hull: And the same was received j and so give conformable InstruClioftS to Sir James read the First Time. who arrived in Georgia for the Purpose of putting

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time* them in Execution in March 1773; and that it appearing the Creek Indians had a Claim upon the Lands Petition from A Petition of the subscribing Merchants trading proposed to be ceded by the as aforesaid, al-

rtanwtradin* to South Carolina and Georgia,in Behalf of themselves, ledging, that their Ancestors had heretofore con-to s^uih mS and others interested therein, being offered to be pre- quered those Lands from that Nation, that the Caroiina and fented to the House; rckees had acknowledged that Right of Conquest by

Georgia. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s abandoning the Pofirffion to them, and which Pof-

Command, acquainted the House, That His Ma- session they had uniformly held, and, it also appear-jesty, having been informed of the Contents of the ing that the Creeks, being considerably indebted to said Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of their Traders, were inclined to join in the Cessionj the House. upon being released from their Debts, a Congress

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; was appointed to be held at Augufia, with both Na-Setting forth. That, in the Year 1770, the Cherokee tiens, in the Month of May following, for finally ad- Indians being considerably indebted to the Traders justing the Terms, and formally accepting the Cefiion, who supplied them with Goods, and finding it im- for the express Purpose upon which it was to be made, possible, from the decreased Number of Deer, to pay namely, the Discharge of the Debts due from the their Debts, as usual, with Skins, proposed to their and to their respective Traders; and

said Traders the Cefiion of a very large Body of Land, that a Congress was accordingly held at in

claimed by that Nation as their Property, and situated May 1773, by Sir James Wright and the late Super-to the Southward of the River Savannah, such Cefiion intendant on the Part of the Crown, at which a very to be taken by the Traders as a full Payment of all considerable Number of Head Men of both Nations Debts and Claims whatsoever against the Cher j attended, who, having previously deliberated upon and that the Traders having agreed to accept the the Matter between themselves, joined in a solemn preposed Cefiion, the Indians, by some of their Head and formal Cefiion of the Lands in Question to His Men authorized for that Purpose, at a Meeting in Majesty, for the sole Purpose of paying the Debts February 'in 1,formally executed the necessary Deeds; due from their respective Nations to their Traders, and that Sir James Wright, Governor of the Province and the Traders, or their Attornies, did, at the same of Georgia, in which Province the Lands so ceded were Time, release and discharge their several Debtors of situated, and the late John Stuart, Esquire, then Su- both Nations from all Debts, Claims, and Demands perintendant of Indian Affairs for' the Southern Dif- whatever: That it.must be supposed, such considera-trift of America, disapproved of the Conduct of the ble Debts being due from the Indians to their Trad-said Traders in accepting the said Cefiion, as being ers, the latter must have been proportion ably indebt-contrary not only to His Majesty’s Instructions, but ed to the Merchants who supplied them with Goods; j to the several Provincial Laws, which strictly prohi- this, in Fact, was the Cafe, and the Merchants were.

"P bit private Persons from making any Purchase of obliged to take Assignments from those Traders of

1 Lands from Indians and that, in Consequence of their Claims and Debts, to be liquidated in Payment

' such Disapprobation, the Indians persisting in their of their several Demands, and to give them full Dif-Resolution of ceding the Lands in Question, and be- charges for their respective Debts j and that, after the ing thereby released from their Debts, offered to Lands had been ceded as aforesaid. Steps were taken, make the Cefiion to Governor Wright for that Pur- by Sir James Wright for surveying the said Lands, pose, and named a Day for ninning the Lines, but felling them in distinct Allotments, for protecting the he, declining the Offer, desired they would defer Purchasers, settling the fame, and particularly for their Intentions until His Majesty’s Pleasure should adjusting and liquidating the Debts claimed, as ow-be known thereupon j and that, the ensuing Year Sir ing from the Indians, within certain fixed Periods, James Wright, being then in England, stated the feve- agreeable to His Majesty’s Instructions, and, in Con-, ral Matters above mentioned in a Memorial to the sequence of those necessary Measures, a Progress was Earl of Ililljborcugh, and proposed certain Measures, made in the Liquidation of the Debts, and Certifi-by which the Cefiion of the said Lands, if approved* cates of the Sums allowed were given to the Claim-by His Majesty, might be the Means not only of an- ’

fwering the proposed End of the Indians and the Traders, but of bringing in a Number of valuable Settlers, to the great Advantage of the Province, and consequently of the Mother Country j and that the said Memorial having been referred to the Consideration of the Lords of Trade, their Lordships, in a Representation, dated the 9th of November 1772, advised His Majesty to accept of the proposed Cefiion for the intended Purpose of paying the Debts due to the Traders from the Indians, by the Sale of the Lands ceded, at the same Time proposing that the Crown should not stand pledged either to the Indians or the Traders for the Payment of any Part of the Debts, that the Debts should be fairly liquidated, and confined to those contracted within certain Periods, and that all Monies arising from the Sale of the Lands j, ' so ceded should be placed in the Hands of a Receiver,

to be appointed by the Governor, and, after Payment of the Debts so to be liquidated, together with the Expences of Surveying, and Means of Protection to the Persons settling the fame, be subject to such Payments, upon Warrants of the Governor, for the Service of the Province, as His Majesty should approve, and direct and that, in Consequence of the above Representation, His Majesty was graciously pleased

ants, when the Disturbances in America, and particularly in Georgia, prevented any further Proceedings therein, and the Petitioners were, on their own Accounts, and those of their Correspondents, interested in those Claims, either liquidated, or to be liquidated, to a very considerable Amount, and without any Dependance for Reimbursements, but on the Produce of the Lands so ceded -, and that, prior to the unhappy Disputes in America, several Allotments of the said ceded Lands were fold, but, as they are given to understand, that the Charge of Surveying, the raising, and maintaining a Troop of Rangers, and other Expences, whether necessary or not, the Petitioners will not take upon themselves to determine, have amounted to more than the Sums received, no Part of the Sums due to the Petitioners, or their Correspondents, upon such of their Claims as have been settled, liquidated, and certified as aforesaid, has ever been paid; and that, in the Month of May 1782, the Petitioners, having Reason to presume that some Accommodation would soon take Place with the revolted Colonies, did, on the 3d of that Month, by a Memorial to the Marquis of Lanjdoivn, then Earl of Shelburne, and One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, fully state their Situation, and the Manner in which the Lands in Question were bound

to

to the Payment of the Debts, for which Purpose they were ceded, and their Reliance that, in every Event of Negociation which might happen, those Lands Should be deemed as charged with, and made liable to, the Payment of those Debts, or that some other Mode of Payment might be adopted to the Satisfaction of the Petitioners, and the Parties interested; and that the Petitioners finding that, by the Provisional Articles of Peace concluded between the Commissioners named by His Majesty and the United States of America, no Stipulation was made in Favour of the Petitioners, and that the Lands vetted in Trust in the Crown, as before stated, were ceded to, and acknowledged to belong to, the said United States, without any Condition whatever respecting them, did, on the nth of February 1783, in a Memorial to the Right honourable James,

then One of His Majesty’s Principal Secretaries of State, briefly represent the Fasts as they flood, and prayed, that, as it appeared no Satisfaction had been . obtained, or Attention paid to their former Application, some Mode of Payment might be adopted, or other Expedient proposed for their Relief, and that, taking the Merits of their same into Consideration, he would be pleased to lay their humble Representation before His Majesty, for His Gracious Pleasure thereon; and that the Definitive Treaty with the United States of America being signed, and, to the Petitioners great Surprize and Disappointment, no Regard being paid therein to their repeated Representations, they, in the Month of May 1784, presented a Memorial to His Majesty in Council, stating the foregoing Tran-factions, and praying that, as they stood precluded from every Possibility of Satisfaction from the Produce of the Lands, His Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct some Mode of Satisfaction, or other Relief, adequate to the Discharge of their respective Claims upon the said Lands; which Memorial having been referred to the Lords of the Privy Council, when, after waiting near Twelve Months, in a State of the most anxious Suspence, the Lord President, and other Lords present, were pleased to advise them to apply to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Petitioners accordingly applied to the Lords of the Treasury, by a Memorial, dated the 2 2d of April 178c, stating the foregoing Facts, and praying for Relief; and that the Petitioners, having stated as briefly as possible the Steps taken by them, to inform His Majesty’s Ministers of the real Situation in which the Lands so ceded stood, had well-grounded Hope that they Should have received immediate Compensation for the Property in those Lands which they bad so long before paid for; but, to their great Grief and Disappointment, after a long and ineffectual Application to the Lords of the Treasury, the Petitioners now find they have no Recourse left but to throw themselves upon the Justice, Equity , and Humanity of the House for Redress, and should it be urged that the Application they now make ought to have been brought forward at an earlier Period, considering the Time that has elapsed since the Conclusion of the Peace of , they hope it will appear that, as they gave timely Information to His Majesty’s Ministers of the Condition on which the Lands ceded were vetted in the Crown, they might have had their Claims satisfied out of the fame, had it been thought expedient to make that a Stipulation when the Cession was made to the United States of America; and they have also, since they found that their former Reprclentations were not attended with that Success they had so much Reason to hope for and expect, loft no Time in making what they deemed the proper Applications to obtain Redress in some other Mode, as before set forth, but, those Applications having all failed, their only Hope is, that the House, taking the Hardfnip of their Cafe, and the singular unhappy and helplcfs Situation in which they stand,

into Consideration, will, with its accustomed Liberality and Justice, afford them that Relief, which they, in their great Distress, pray for, and to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about London;

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Licence Duty of £. 1. per Gallon per Annum on the Stills in Scotland, from the 5th of July 1786 to the 5th of July 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of the Revenue arising from the Licence Duty of £. 1. 10 per Gallon per Annum on the Stills in Scotland, from the 5th of July 1787 to the 5th of January 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of British Spirits and Compounds sent from Scotland to England (distinguishing each Port) from the 5th of July 1786 to the 5th of July 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Quantity of British Spirits and Compounds sent from Scotland to England (distinguishing each Port) from the 5th of July 1787 to the 5th of January 1788, be referred to the fa'19. Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rose took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Witnesses in Support of the Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about London, and had heard Counsel and examined several Witnesses in Behalf of the Petition of the Malt Distillers in;

and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confiider further of the said Petition.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 6° di Februarii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788.

Pr AYERS.

THE House being informed that Mr. Newland, from the Governor and Company of the Bank of England,attended at the Door; he was called in;

and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

An Account, from the Bank of England, of the Receipt and Expenditure of f. 1,080,215. 6s. 10 in One Year, from February 2d 1787 to January 31st; 1788, by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt; and of the Receipt of £.268,690, to be applied in the Quarter between the jft of February and ift of May 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

S An

Committee oa Corn Dialled Petition.

Account of Reduction of National Debt presented.

o

cg‘

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

O

An ACCOUNT of the Receipt and Expenditure of £.1,080,215. 6. jo, in One Year, from February ad 1787 to January 31st 1788, by the Commissioners appointed by cT 26th of Geo. III. for the Reduction of the National Debt.

D*

The said Commissioners with the Governor and Company of the Bank of England.

C\

To Cash paid for the following Stock, purchased as the Act di lefts;

Capital Stock.

802,450 Confol4 3 per Cent.Ann* —

240,800 Reduced Ann* Confol4 '

216,050 Old South Sea Ann* —

138,600 New South Sea Arm' —

59,000 £. 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 —

£ 1,456,900 The Interest on which is£. 43,707 per Annum

Co

X-

O

3.

Bank of England, 6th February 1788.

d.

£. s. 592,532 14 *7 9,651 2

161,231 1

102,800 13 43,999 15 "

1/080,215 6 10

By Cash received at sundry Times; viz1.

From the Exchequer, being Quarterly Iffucs — —

For 6 Months Int. on 84,000 Old South Sea Ann', due 10th 1786

D®. — 155,000 Consol'1 3 per Ann*, due 5 17 8 7

D® — 35,000 £. 3 per Cent. Ann* 1751 D® — *

D° — 107,000 New South Sea Ann* — D® —

D® — ' 210,000 Reduced Ann* Confol4, due 5 A 1787 -

D® — 427,000 Confol4 3 per Cent. Ann*, due 5 1787 -

D® . — 230,000 Old South Sea Ann’, due 5 April 1787 — -

D® — 175,000 New South Sea Ann*, due 5 July 1787 — -

D* — 56,600 £.3 per Cent.Ann* 1751 D° — —

D® — 338,000 Reduced Ann* Confol4, due 10 Q 1787 —

D° — 313,000 Old South Sea Ann* — D® — —

From the Exchequer, being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, payable at the Exchequer, and unclaimed for 3 Years before the 5th January 1787

D® — being the Amount of Ann* on Lives, expired between the 5th

January 1786 and 5th January 17875 viz*.

Anno Per Annum.

1745, 2 Lives, £.65 — — expiredbetween5th7^*w<7ryand5thy«/yi786 65 ——

1746, 5 D® — 275---- D® — D® — 275 ——

1757» 5 D® — 322 10 — D* — D® — 322 10 —

1746, 3D® — - 80 — D® between 5th July 1786 and 5th

January 1787 — - — - 40 —

1757, 4 D® — 323 12 6 D® — D« — . 161 16 3

For the Amount of the Half Yearly Payment on the Annuity 1777, for 10 Years, which- expired the 5th April 1787 — — — __

£. s. d.

1,000,000 — —

1,260 — T --

2,325 ——

525 ——

1,605 ——

3A50 ——

6,405 ——

3,450 ----- *

2,625 ——

849 ——

5,0/0 ——

4,695 ——

34,892 — 7

864 6 3 12,509 — —

1,080,215 6 10

..By Cash received at sundry Times, to be applied in the Quarter between the ift and the ift of May 1788;

1788.

Janrr 16. From the Exchequer, being a Quarterly IlTue — _

23. For 6 Months Int. on 930,000 Confol4 3 p Ann*, due 5 1788 D® — 227,000 New South Sea Ann* D°

D* — 89,000 £. 3 per Cent.Ann* 1751 D®- __

A. Nezvland, Chief Cashier.

250,000 — —

13,950 ----- *

3,405 ——

1,335 ——

00

o

tn

O

I?

r

s.

00

268,690 — —

Mr. Fox’s Petition againA Biighthclra* ftonePlayhouse Bill.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House

A Petition of Joseph Fox, who has been Eleven Years Proprietor and Manager of the present Theatre at Brigbtbelmfione, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Place where Theatrical Exhibitions were formerly held in the said Town being found very inconvenient, and unsuitable for the Reception of the Nobility and Gentry resorting thereto, a commodious Building, fi-tuated in the most principal Street, was erected, and the Petitioner, in the Year 1776, having become foie Proprietor and Manager thereof, fitted up and furnished the same at a very considerable Expence j and that, in the Year 1786, the Petitioner, having been informed that another Theatre was intended to be erected in Opposition to his, which, if carried into Execution, would be of considerable Loss and Detriment to himself and Family, was advised to petition Parliament for a Bill to license his said Theatre, an4 accordingly Two Petitions were prepared, the One signed by him, and the other by the Vicar, Churchwardens, Overseers, and others, being Housekeepers and principal Inhabitants of the said Town, but the Proprietors of the Two Assembly Rooms there, and some other interested Persons, making Objections to such Application as unnecessary, and assuring the Petitioner that, if he would decline making any Application to Parliament, they would always protest and support him against all future Opposition whatever, provided he continued to act with the same Rectitude as h$ had hitherto done, and he then resting fully satisfied with such Assurances, declined at that Time proceeding any further therein; and that about the latter End of August, or Beginning of September last, Proposals were made to the Petitioner by Mr. Elmore, one of the principal Inhabitants of the said Town, on Behalf of Six Persons who were willing to treat for his Property in the said Theatre, which he then refused complying with, but being informed that, should such Proposal not be acceded to, it was their Intention to build a new Theatre, which would meet with the Countenance and Support of several Persons of the first Distinction, and the Petitioner being apprehensive that, should he refuse to comply, it would be of considerable Injury to him in his said Theatre, he accordingly agreed thereto, and delivered written Proposals for such Purpose, to which the said Mr. Elmore made an Offer of a Sum of Money, «n their Behalf, far Short of the Estimate delivered in, and the Petitioner wishing, lfpoffible, to-adjust-the Difference, expressed his Wilh to fee some of the said Persons, but being informed that the Whole Transaction was to be kept secret, and the Names of the Six Persons not to be known, and the said Mr. Elmore not chusing to take any Responsibility on himself, all Negociation on that Subject entirely dropped; and that the Petitioner finds that'a Bill is brought into the House, on the Behalf of Messrs. Morje and Campbell, for licensing a Theatre in the said Town (Two Gentlemen, who, from their different Avocations in Life, cannot have the least Pretensions for such their present Application) which, if passed into a Law, will be of great Loss and Injury to the Petitioner, who for so many Years has been permitted uninterruptedly to enjoy his Property in his said Theatre: And therefore praying the House to take the Hardship of his same into Consideration, and that he may be permitted to be heard, by himself or Counsel, at the Second Reading of the said Bill, what he may have to offer why the same should not pass into a Law, without making him that proper Satisfaction for the great Loss and Injury he will thereby sustain, in depriving him of his said Property, and the Means of supporting himself and a numerous Family,

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of in the County of Sussex, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by himself or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

APetition of the Right honourable Ear! Ferrers, Lord of the Manor of Chartley,in the County of and the humble Petition of George

Clifford, Esquire, John Fitzgerald, Esquire, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Proprietors of, or otherwise interested in, the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, herein after mentioned, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the Hamlet and Liberty of Hixton, in the said Manor of Chartley, several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and a Common called Hixton Heath, and other Waste Grounds, computed to contain about 984 Acres, Part of which are within the Parish of Stow, in the County of Stafford, and the Remainder within the Parish of Colwich, in the said County, contiguous thereto j and, within the adjoining Town-ships or Hamlets of Drointon Lea and within the said Manor of Chartley, there are certain Commons or Waste Grounds, which are computed to contain about 266 Acres; and that the said Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were inclosed, and specific Parts thereof aljottecj to the several Proprietors and Persons interested therein, a considerable Benefit would accrue to them, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes above-mentioned, subject to such Regulations as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Littleton and the Earl Gower do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and others, residing within the County of Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Rqad leading from the Town of Walsall, in the County of Stafford, to Hamjlead Bridge, in the1 same County, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Cornmon called Sutton Coldfield, in the said County, is out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were properly widened, amended, and kept in Repair, and the Course thereof diverted or altered where necessary: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and others, of the County of Salop, was presented to

the

Chartlcylncle* lure Petition*

Walfrll Ro*k

Petition.

Shropfhii*

Navigation

Petition.

28 Geo. IIL 66

4,

'Itt*

liC*.

vp'&

[it#

Stretton Inclosure Bill presented#

Shrewflrory and Wrexham RoadsPetition*

the House, and read; Setting fohh, That it appears, by Surveys and Levels already made and taken, thac a Canal for the Navigation of Boats, and other Vessels, may be made from certain Coal and Iron Works called Snedfnll Works, situate in the Parish of

Snifnall, near the Oaken Gates in the County of Salop, through the several Parishes of Stirchley, and Madeley, to communicate with the River

Severn, at or near a Place near Coalbrooke Dale, in the said County, called Styche's and also at or near

a Meadow called Watt Meadow, situate near Madeley Wood, in the said County; and that the making of such Navigable Canal, together with such Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Rail Ways and Roads to the said Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a Communication with several valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, and will be of Benefit to the Owners of such Mines, and of public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal and Collateral Cuts as aforesaid, with proper Rail Ways, and other Roads, to communicate therewith, in such Manner, and subject to such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed under or by virtue of an Act of Parliament made and passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the " County of Denbigh, and to repair and widen several " other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road from " Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Penn Fordd " y Waen, in the Parish of Whitford, and also the Road from Broughton to Mold, in the County of " Flint," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a considerable Progress hath been made in the Repair of the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and several considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed, and now remain due upon the Credit of the Tolls arising within the respective Districts of the said Roads, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied to the Purposes by the said Act directed, but the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further extended and enlarged; and that it will be of great public Advantage, if a direct Road was made from the Road comprized in the Chester District of the said Act, from or near the South End of Pulford Bridge, in the County of Chester, to a Place called Llay Pinfold, by Cefn y bedd, to Pont plajsy maen, and to communicate with the present Turnpike Road between Wrexham and Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, at or near a Place called Geggin-wen, which said last mentioned. Road is at present very circuitous, sleep, hilly, founderous, and out of Repair; and it would be also of public

Advantage, if the same was made a Part of the Chester District of the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and if the 'fruftees of the said Chester District were authorized to make One or more new Branches bf Road, not exceeding Two Miles from Pont plajs y maen aforesaid, to the Collieries and Lirpe Works at or near Abermerddu, Hope, and Harwood, in the Counties

of Denbigh and Flint, or one of them: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of the said Act, and for making, amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from or near the South End of the said Bridge, called Pulford Bridge, in the said County of Chester, to a certain Place called Llay Pinfold, and by Cefny bedd to Pont plafs y maen, and from thence to communicate with the present Turnpike Road, between Wrexham and Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, at or near a certain Place called Geggin-wen; and also, for making One or more ttew Roads, or Branches, for any Distance not exceeding Two Miles from Pont maen aforesaid,

to the Collieries and Lime Works at or near Abermerddu, Hope, and Harwood, in the said Counties of Denbigh and Flint, or one of them, and for including the fame, and the Road from Pulford Bridge to Geggin-wen aforesaid, within the Chester District of the Roads in the said Act mentioned, and authorizing the Trustees of the said Chester District to direct the Repair thereof, under such Provisions and Regulations, to be contained in the said Bill, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Powys,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses and Land in the Liberty of The Old Tower Without, in the County of Middlesex, on Behalf of themselves and other Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses and Land in the said Liberty, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there hath been Annually charged upon, and paid by, the Petitioners and others, the Inhabitants, Owners, and Occupiers of Houses and Estates in the said Liberty, a large Sum of Money towards the Quota of the Land Tax, raised by the County of Middlesex, a very great Proportion whereof hath been Annually charged upon, and paid by, the Office of Sick and Wounded Seamen, situate within the said Liberty, and upon the Salaries of the Officers belonging to the said Office; and that the said Office hath been lately removed to Somerset Place in the Strand, in the said County, and the Officers of the said Office, in respect of their Salaries, will thereby be liable to be charged to the Land Tax for the Division in which such Office is situate, to the Prejudice of the Petitioners (who, at present, are burthened with numerous heavy Taxes and Assessments) unless Power is given to the Commissioners of the Lqnd Tax of the County of Middlesex, acting in and for the said Liberty, for the Time being, to afiefs the Officers of the said Office, towards raising the Land Tax for the said Liberty, in the same Manner ^s hath been heretofore accustomed to be done: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the Petitioners, under such Restrictions and Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac

3 Mr.

Old Tower Liberty Peti-, tien rdfpefling the Laid Tax Assessment.

h<rwo#d Fo-rtft Road Petition.

Paddington Church Petition,

6° Februa

A, 1788.

Mr. Crewe and Mr. Powys do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-men, and others, residing in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham,whose Names are thereunto sub-

feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from a Place called The Mile Oak, upon the Ford! of Sherwood, through

the Towns of Kirkby in Ashfield and in the said Counties of Nottingham and Derby, to Carter Lane, , in the Parish of South Normanton, in the said County of Derby, is in many Parts in a ruinous Condition, and, in some Places, circuitous, narrow, and incommodious j and the same cannot be effectually altered, widened, repaired, and kept in Repair, without the Assistance of Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Right Reverend Father in God Beilby, Lord Bishop of London, Patron of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, Sir John Morjhead, Baronet, and Robert Thijllethwayte, Esquire, Lessees of the

Rectory of Paddington, Francis Majeres, Jukes Coulson, Ambrose Godfrey, Menzies Bailey, James Joseph

Barrett, Jacob Bucquet, William Davis, John Coleman, John Simmonds, Benjamin Crompton, Thomas Hicks, James Ward, Thomas Hay ter, Edward Webjler, Joseph Thomp-Jon, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and Inhabitants within the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Parish Church of Paddington is a very ancient Structure, and in such a decayed State, that a Ikilful Surveyor and an experienced Workman has declared it Cannot be effectually repaired, but must be taken down and re-built, and the said Church is so small that One-fourth Part of the Inhabitants cannot affem-ble therein for Divine Worship; and that the Petitioner, the said Right Reverend Father in God, being, in Right of his See, Lord of the Manor aforesaid, entitled to the Waite Ground within the said Parish, subject to Commonage thereon, is willing and desirous that a Piece of Waite Ground, adjoining to the present Church Yard, may be granted to the said Parish, as being the most commodious for the Purpose of erecting the new Church thereon, and the Inhabitants of the said Parish are not capable of raising a Sum of Money sufficient to re-build the Church, without the Aid of Parliament; and that there is a small Piece of Ground in the said Parish belonging to the said See, anciently granted to the Parishioners of the said Parish, and on which Six small Houses have since been built, which it would be for the general Benefit of the Parish to have veiled in Trustees for ever, subject to the Relit reserved, the better to enable the Parishioners to prosecute the said Undertaking withEffeCl: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MSir John Morjhead,&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Richard Wrciighlonand Thomas Ar- Sadlen Wdi, nold, of the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the L,c'"'e Pcu'

tien.

County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of Sadlers Wells, in the said Parish, which was in the last, and has been an established I^toufe of public Entertainment during the present Century, and has been regularly licensed lor Musical Entertainments by His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace, assembled at their General Quarter Sessions, under the Authority, and from the Time of passing the Act of the 25th of his late Majesty; and that the Petitioners have been informed that some Parts of the Entertainments which, for so many Years pall, have been exhibited at the above Place, do not precisely fall within the Meaning of the above-mentioned Licence, and are consequently prohibited by the Act of the 10th of his late Majesty; and that the Petitioners purchased the above-mentioned Place at a very high Price (for a Sum exceeding £. 11,000) under the Faith that the Entertainments usually exhibited there were strictly legal, and authorized by the said Annual Licence, granted by the said Justices at their General Quarter Sessions, and under such Faith and Confidence have since expended very considerable Sums of Money in fitting up the said House, and providing all Things necessary for the better Performance of such Entertainments as have, for so many Years, been uninterruptedly exhibited there: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for licensing and authorizing the above-mentioned Place called Sadlers Wells, from the 25th Day of March to the 10th Day of October, in every Year, for the Performance of the

usual Entertainments of Dancing and Singing, and ‘ exhibiting such original Pantomimes and Musical Pieces as have not been performed at the Theatres Royal of Drury Lane and Covent Garden, or at the Haymarket Theatre, such Musical Pieces to consist, as usual, of One Act, not exceeding in the Exhibition Half an Hour, and only Two of such Musical Pieces to be performed in the Course of the Evening, under such Regulations as to the House shall lean meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. ,->

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Kirkbymcir-thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Lands and p^il;"‘lot'ire Estates within the Parish of in the

North Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Ings, and Commons, or Waste Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, but would be much increased in Value by a Division and Inclosure of the same: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures,

Ings, and Commons, or Waste Lands, in such Manner,

and

18 Geo. III.

60 Februarii.

I’tCi

185

and under such Regulations, as the House shall think Wharf to dischargtf and lade their Cargoes; and that, proper. - in order to remedy those Inconveniences in future,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Applications have lately been made to the said Com-pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that pany by the Corporation of the Mayor and Burgesses, Mr. Duncomle and Mr. Wilberforce do prepare, and the Corporation of the Guild, or Brotherhood, of

bring in, the fame. ' ——

Mult Dock* Petition.

A Petition of the Dock Company of upon

Hull, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and readj Setting forth, That, previous to the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Haven, or Old Harbour, at Kingston upon Hull had been for Time immemorial the only Place for transacting the Business of that Port; and that at the above Period, the Trade continuing greatly to increase, the said Haven, or Old Harbour, became not only inadequate to the Reception of the Shipping frequenting the Port, and incommodious and insecure to such Vessels as were laid up during the Winter Months, but likewise productive of many Incon-

or

Mailers and Pilots Seamen of the Trinity House, and the principal Inhabitants of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, respectively, requesting the said Company to contribute the Sum of ft. 12,000 towards promoting an Extension of the said Bason or Wet Dock; and that the said Company, desirous of assisting to the utmost of their Power in carrying forward this Undertaking, have complied with the said Request, and, by Sale of all the Ground belonging to them that can be separated from the Exigencies of the present Dock, have accordingly raised the said Sum of ft. x 2,000, to be by them appropriated to the above-mentioned Purpose; but, forasmuch as the said Sum of ft. 12,000 will be inadequate to the proposed Extension, and the said Undertaking cannot be accom-

vemences to the Officers of His Majesty’s Customs plished and carried into Execution without further in transacting the Business of the Port, the Revenue Aid, and by the Authority of Parliament, therefore Boards judged it therefore expedient to propose to the praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill Merchants and Ship Owners of the Town of Kingston for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, upon Hull, that a legal Quay should be established for and under such Rules, Orders, and Regulations, as

the better Security of His Majesty’s Revenue of Customs, and that a Wet Dock or Bason should be made in Addition to the said Haven, or Old Harbour, for the Accommodation of Shipping; and, that for the carrying into Execution those Works, an Act passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and several Persons therein named were thereby incorporated, by the Name of " The Dock Company at Kingston upon Hull," and the said Company were thereby impowered to make a Bason or Dock to extend from the River Hull, to a Place in the said Town called Beverley or as near there

to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame,-as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Samuel ‘Thornton, Mr. Wilberforce,&cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Banket'reported from the Committee, to whom wimbon*

to as might be, of such Width as the Ground granted the Petition of William Leer, Willis Hart, John Fryer, Minder Road

by the said Act would admit, and certain Parts of His Majesty’s Military Works at Kingston upon Hull were thereby granted'and appropriated for the Purposes aforesaid; and that, immediately after the passing of the said Act, the said Company proceeded in the Execution of the said Works, but previous thereto called to their Assistance several of the most able and experienced Engineers, and being advised by them that the Military Works, granted by the said Act, were insufficient for the making a Quay or Wharf, and Dock or Bason, for the Accommodation of the Officers of the Revenue, and the Trade and Shipping pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the of the said Port, the said Company, from their Zeal Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-for the public Service, and to prove themselves wor- tien; and had directed him to report the fame, as it ap-thy of the Confidence and Trust reposed in them by peared to them, to the House; and he read the Report the said Act, purchased at their own Expence several in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Parcels of Ground adjoining the said Military Works, Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as

William King, and John Warland,on Behalf of them- " selves, and others, Trustees appointed by and in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, v An Act for repairing and widening the Road from <c the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in the *c Town of Blandford Forum, in the County of DorJet ft was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn-

and compleated the said Dock and Quay in Four Years, although Seven Years were allowed them for that Purpose, upon a far superior and more extensive Plan than was prescribed by the said Act, whereby >the Trade of the said Port, and His Majesty’s Revenue, have been very considerably benefited and increased; and that notwithstanding the said Dock or Bason was, by the said Act, intended only as an Appendage to the said Haven, or Old Harbour, yet, lince the Completion thereof, the Ship Owners have found that their Ships lie with more Convenience and greater Safety in the Dock than in the Old Harbour, from which Circumstance, and from Increase in the Trade and Shipping of the said Port, and particularly in the Number of Greenland Ships of large w _

Burthen which frequent the same (from Thirty to for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, Forty of which last mentioned Ships are laid up in, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of and occupy, the Dock, near Eight Months in the His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Year) the said Dock hath of late been much crowded Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town in the Winter Season, so as to render it inconvenient of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in for Ships to paf$ to and from the public Quay or the Town of Blandford , in the County of -Vot. XLIII. B fit:

followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

A Member present produced to your Committee, Extracts from the Treasurer’s Books, whereby it appeared, that the Trustees have borrowed several Sums of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, and have been obliged to contract feme Debts beyond the Powers granted by the said Act.

And the said Member informed your Committee, That the Money fe borrowed cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be enlarged and altered. , '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Jet: And that Mr. Bankes and Mr. Bond do prepare, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and bring in, the fame, ingrossed.

Carmarthen A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and

Son?'P*"* others, of the County of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road leading from the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, to the Town of Lampeter Pont Stephen, in the County of Cardbeginning at a certain River, called Gwilly, in the County of Carmarthen, and the Confines of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and extending to a Bridge, called Lampeter Pont Stephen Bridge, in the several Counties of Carmarthen and Cardiganand also the Road leading from the Town of Llandovery, in the said County of Carmarthen, to the said Bridge, called Lampeter Pont Stephen Bridge, in the Road leading from Llandovery to Lampeter Pont Stephen aforesaid, are very much out of Repair, inconvenient for Travellers and Carriages, and cannot be effectually formed, amended, widened, and kept in Repair, by the ordinary Course of Law;

> and that it would be of greaj Benefit and Convenience to the Petitioners, and to all other Persons residing near, or having Occasion to travel upon, the said Roads, if the same were properly formed, widened, and rendered more commodious for Travellers and Carriages: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for forming, amending, and widening the said several Roads, and keeping the same in good Repair, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Parry, Sir Watkin Lewes, &c,: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

W»ngoi»S*M Mr. Addington reported from the Committee, to

reported.' whom the Bill for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester (except Mangotsfield,

Emerson's Green, and Finney Green) and for vesting the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge, Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Relit Charge, issuing out of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands having or claiming Right of Common on the Lands intended to be indofed, who are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of £.16. 6s. and who have not signed their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be inclosed are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of £.113.6 s.ykd.i and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report.to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s T able: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Mr. Frederick Montagu reported from the Commit- ®eP°rt.frtrt* _ tee, who were appointed to view the Court erected in p^n, Westminster Hall, for the Trial of the Court for

Esquire, impeached by this House of High Crimes TriaS!*61"2*' and Misdemeanors, and to report to the House what Conveniences and Accommodations are made for the Members of this House, when the House shall be present, as a Committee of the whole House, at the Trial of the said Warren Hajlings, Esquire; That the Committee had viewed the same accordingly, and found proper Accommodations for above Four hundred Persons, besides the Managers; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

Ordered, That the Managers appointed to make Order* r»-good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, do first go out of the House to the Trial. Places appointed for them in Westminster Hall, before the other Members do go out of the House.

Ordered, That, after Mr. Speaker shall have left the Chair, the Members, for their more regular proceeding, be called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual.

Ordered, That no Member do presume to go out of the House, till the County, for which he serves, be called.

Ordered, That no Persons, but Members of this House, do presume to fit in the Places appointed for the Members in Westminster Hall.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take into his Custody all such Persons as shall be in the Places prepared for this House in Westminster Hall before the Members do go into their Places; and also all such Persons as shall attempt to come into the said Places while the Members of the House are fitting the re.

Ordered, That, for the more convenient Passage of the Members of this House, the Passages to and from their Places in Westminster Hall be kept clear, and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take Care accordingly; and that the Conllables of minster do attend to assist him therein.

Ordered, That these Orders shall be observed every Day that the House shall go, as a Committee of the whole House, to the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in Westminster Hall.

An Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 27th Day of February, in the Year 1709, upon Occasion of the Impeachment and Trial of Dr. Henry Sacheverell,was read in the following Words; viz.

" And whereas, by the Order of the House, Mr.

" Speaker was to have gone first, and the Clerk to <c call the Counties afterwards; it was moved, and " unanimously agreed by the House, That, for the more regular Proceedings of the Members, Mr.

" Speaker be desired to stay, after he had left the " Chair, till the last, and to fee all the Members to " proceed, as the Counties were called: And thereupon Mr. Speaker did, after he had left the Chair,

" go down into One of the lhort Seats at the lower " End of the House, adjoining to the Bar, or into the Passage below the Seats, as he thought was " convenient for him, and did Hand there, to fee " the Members go, by their Counties, as the Clerk " at the Table called them over by the Return Book: tc And, after all the Members were gone, Mr. Speaker " followed them to his Place, which had been prepared, and was reserved, for him, in the Middle of €t the Front Seat, next to the Lords Court.

" And afterwards the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant,

" went and fat behind the Managers, in One of the " Seats which had been prepared and set apart for «c the Managers, to be at hand, if any Thing were '% " wanting.

Committee on Com Distiliert Petition.

Supply de*

ferred.

Ways and Means deferred*

Worcester Roads Bill presented.

North field Road Petition.

18 Geo. III. 66 — 7 0 Fe 187

" wanting, of Should be required of them by the " Managers.

Note, That the Places provided for the Members of the House of Commons -was on the " Right Hand of the Throne:

And the Managers, who were of the Long Robe, were without their Gowns."

And Directions were given by the House, That this Precedent Should be observed upon Occasion of the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about London, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Roje took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Roje reported from the Committee, That they

had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read j Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 7* die;

Anno 28° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

MR. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of cester, and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn at " field ,in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton " Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading X( from Stratjord upon Avon, in the County of " wick, to Birmingham, in the same County," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Trustees, appointed by the said Act, proceeded to put the same in Execution, and caused the said Road to be widened and repaired, and for that Purpose borrowed several Sums of Money, to the Amount of £.2,000, on the Credit of the Tolls arising from the said Road, which, together with' the Tolls, have been duly applied in amending, widening, and keeping the said Road in Repair, and towards Payment of the Interest of the Money borrowed on the Credit of the said Act j and that great Progress has been made in amending the said Road,

but the Tolls arising therefrom have been found insufficient for paying the Interest of the Monies borrowed on the Credit of the said Act, and the Sum of £.2,000, advanced on the Credit thereof, still remains due, together with a large Arrear of Interest j and that the Term granted by the said Act is near expiring, and considerable Sums are necessarily required to be Annually laid out in order to keep the said Road in proper Repair, according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and that the said Road cannot be effectually kept in Repair, and the Money owing upon the Credit of the said Act be repaid, unless the Term and Powers granted by the said Act are further continued and enlarged, and the Tolls increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers and Tolls, granted by the said Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act for amending " and {Widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn *« at Northfield, in the County of to the

Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road

leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County."

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof ] and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House t

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Sir John Rushout,

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, and petition, from Commonalty of the Borough of Rtpon, in the County of York, in Common Council assembled: And also, fp«aing the A Petition of the Mayor, Jurats, Common Coun- Slav* Trade, cil, and principal Inhabitants of the King's Town and Parish of Maidstone, in the County of Kent;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being repugnant to every Principle of the Law of Nature, the Maxims of found Policy, and incompatible with the Dictates of true Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Sir George Warren, Knight of* the and

Honourable Order of the Bath, John Calvert, Esquire, and divers other Persons, whose Names are thereunto tien. subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands in the several Manors or Lordships of Billington and Wilpshire, otherwise Wilpshire with Hinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn, which lies within the Honor of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn, and County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said Lordships or Manors, divers Parcels of Common and Waste Ground, containing about 900 Acres, which now lie Open, Uninclosed, and Uncultivated, and are, in their present Situation, incapable of Improvement, but, if the same were divided, inclosed, and held in Severalty, would be of very great Advantage to that Part of the Country in general, and to the Petitioners in particular: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to have the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Billington and Wilpshire, otherwise Wilpshire with Hinckley, aforesaid, inclosed, divided, and allotted, by Commissioners, in such Bill to be named, unto and amongst the Petitioners and the rest of the Land Owners in 5/7-Itngton and Wilpshire, otherwise Wilpshire With -ley, aforesaid, that have Right of Common thereon,

respectively,

188 70 Februarii. A. 178&

respectively, in Proportion to their Inlands, and according to the true Intent and Meaning of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. 'Thomas Stanley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Westbury Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to ®r^cr> a for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,

' certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parish

of West bury, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ntwe«m« A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

BndgePeii* thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed in and

tien. by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the

Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the TermU>f an " Act, passed in the Twelfth Year of Hi* present *« Majesty’s Reign, for building a Temporary Bridge " over the River Tyne, between the Town of " castle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of " Durham; for compleating the new Stone Bridge " over the said River, and for making the Avenues " to, and the Passage over the fame, more commo-" dious," was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with divers other Persons, were appointed Trustees for putting the said Act into Execution, and were thereby inverted with full Power and Authority, and were required, amongst other Things, to make and open such Avenues and Passages to the said new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, and to make and do all such other Works as they should adjudge necessary relative thereto, provided the Improvement of the North Avenue to the said Bridge should begin with certain Messuages and Premisses belonging to, or in the Occupation of, James. Hume and Mary Davis, on the West Side, and Saint Thomas’s Chapel on the East Side of the said North Avenue, and end with the Messuages and Pre-miffcs late Oliphant’s, at the South Abutment of the said Bridge, and not otherwise, and, for these and the other Purposes specified in the said Act, the Trustees were impowered to trear, contract, and agree with the several Owners, Proprietors, and Occupiers of, and Persons entitled to, or interested in, any Messuages, Shops, Cellars, Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, for the fame, or so much of the

Ground thereof as Should be necessary for making and

opening Avenues and Passages, and doing other Works for the Purposes of the said Act; and that, towards railing Money for those Purposes, the Trustees were authorized by the said Act to continue the then Toll Gate on the said Temporary Bridge, and to order such Toll Gates or Toll Houses to be erected upon the said new Stone Bridge, which was at that Time building, when finished, as they should think fit, and to take thereat such and the same Tolls, for Che Passage of Cattle, Carriages, and other Things, as, by the said Act of the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty, were authorized to be taken on the said Temporary Bridge, under the same Limitations, Regulations, and Restrictions, subject to the same Provisions, and with the same Remedies for Recovery thereof, as were in the said A ft contained, with respect to the Tolls thereby made payable on the said Temporary Bridge, which said Tolls, at the Expiration of Twelve Years, to be computed from the 24th Pay of June 1779, or at such sooner Time as the several Purposes of the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty should be carried into Execution, and the Money borrowed upon the Credit thereof should be repaid with Interest, were absolutely to cease and determine; and that the PetU

tioners, and the said other Trustees, have duly put the said Act in Execution, and have, by the Money arising from the said Tolls, and borrowed on the Credit thereof, made and opened such Avenues, andf completed such other Works, within the Limits prescribed by the said Act, as were adjudged necessary for the Safety and Accommodation of the Public, and it is probable that all the Money so borrowed, with Interest for the fame, will be fully discharged before the Expiration of the said Twelve Years, to be computed from the 24th Day of June 1779; and that the South Avenue to the said new Stone Bridge, be yond the Premisses late Oliphant's, at the South Abutment of the said Bridge, is still inconvenient and dangerous to Passengers, by Reason of the great Declivity of the Hill there, called The Battle Bank, over which, the public Road or Passage to the said Bridge lies, though the same is capable of being rendered both safe and commodious, and it will be of great public Utility to effect the Improvement of the South Avenue to the said Bridge, but the Trustees appointed by the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty are restrained from making any Improvements beyond the Premisses late s, and the

Expence of such further Improvements will exceed the Amount of the Tolls to be collected under the said Act during the Remainder of the said Term of Twelve Years; And therefore praying, That Leave maybe given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of the said respective Acts of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty, so far as to enable the Trustees,' named in the said Act of the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty, to open and improve the said South Avenue to the said new Stone Bridge, and to continue the said Tolls, now taken at the said Bridge, until the Expiration of the said Term of Twelve Years, and for such further Term of Years as shall be necessary to raise Money sufficient to defray the Charge and Expence of such Improvement, and that His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said County of Durham may be inverted with such Powers as may be necessary to prevent any Nuisances or Annoyances in such Part of the said Bridge as lies in the said County, and in the South Avenue* leading to the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr, Brandling, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’* Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Reverend Edward Hughes, Clerk, Flint Cm»i Thomas Williams, Thomas Harrison, and John - *>et"io"’

Jon, Esquires, Proprietors of Copper and Brass Works in the County of Flint, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That great and extensive Copper and Bract Works, Mines, and Works of Lead, and Calamine,

Coal Mines, and Manufactories of Cotton, are carried on at Greenfield, and Holywell, and the Neighbour-

hood thereof, in the County of Flint; and that the Tide of Sea flows near to Greenfield aforesaid, bur, the Flux being ovet a very large Tract of Sand and Marsh Land, is so shallow that Vessels or Boats cannot come within a considerable Distance of any of the said Works, Mines, and Manufactories, by Reason whereof great Difficulties, Delays, and Expences are incurred in loading and unloading Sea Vessels, and in the Carriage of their Lading to and from the Shore; and that there is sufficient Depth of Water, with good and safe Anchorage for Vessels of Burthen, at a Place called Pentre Rockt near the Town of Flint, in the said 6 County

a 8 Geo. III.

7° Februa.

189

Coal Road

Petition.

County of Flint,from whence it is practicable to make a Canal Navigation to Greenfield aforesaid, through the uninclosed Lands of the River Dee Company, to terminate in the Common Salt Marsh in Greenfield aforesaid, whereby a complete Communication may be opened between the said Works, Mines, and Manufactories, and the Sea, and the present Difficulties, Delays, and Expences will be removed, and great Advantages will be derived to the Proprietors of the said Works, Mines, and Manufactories, and to all the neighbouring Country, and to the Public in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining such Navigable Canal, with proper and necessary Towing Paths, and other Works, in such Manner, and under such Limitations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hunt, Mr. Call,

And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Road, called Coal Road, leading from, and branching out of, the cester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of

Leicester and Northampton, at Mr. John Gravel

Pit Close, adjoining Fofion Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Afioby de fa Zouch, in the said County of Leicester, at Barlefion Lane End, and nearly opposite to the Toll House, paf-

sing through the several Towns of Blaby, Enderby, Desford, and Barlefion, all in the said County of Leicester, is in a ruinous Condition, narrow in many Places, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages, and although it would be of public Utility to . have the said Road effectually repaired and widened, yet the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the said Road, called The Coal Read, by such Ways and Means as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pochin, Mr. Hungerford, &cc.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Fmrftam Mr. Marfieam reported from the Committee, to Petft*onFr^.fr^ whom the Petition of several of the Company of free p«ted. Fishermen and Dredgermen of the Manor and Hundred of Faversham, in the County of Kent, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Jqbn Monger fisting examined, said. That he is a

Fisherman at Faversham — That there has been an Vol. XLIII.

Oyster Fishery there Time out of Mind, and that he has known it upwards of Thirty Years — That the Fishery is limited in its Extent by well-known Marks and Bounds, wherein all Persons who have been duly admitted Freemen of the said Oyster Fishery, 'at a Water Court of the Lord of the said Manor and Hundred, and none others, have, and from Time immemorial have had, the Right to breed, lay, dredge for, catch, have, and take Oysters and Oyster Brood.

And the Witness produced to your Committee a Plan of the said Fishery,. made in the Reign of King James the First, describing the Bounds and Limits of the said Oyster Fishery, and delivered in the Particulars of those Descriptions in Writing, and said, that the Bounds have invariably been the fame, without anyDispute having arisen concerning the same — That the Bounds are marked out by Buoys and Beacons Boating on the Water, and that no other Persons have ever claimed to exercise a Right of fishing within those Bounds.

And being further examined, he said, That the Families of the Fishermen are at present very numerous, and that their whole Livelihood entirely depends on the said Fishery — That the same is maintained and preserved at the foie Costs and Charges of the said Fishermen, who Annually expend upwards of Two thousand Pounds in purchasing Oyster Brood, and laying the same in the Waters and Creeks of the said Fishery.

That the London Market is regularly supplied with Oysters from the said Fishery, and . a considerable Quantity is Annually exported therefrom to Foreign Parts, which are paid for in Money, and by Means thereof the said Fishery is a Source of National Benefit.

That the said Oyster Fishery hath been for some Time past, and now is, greatly annoyed and prejudiced by Strangers and others, not Freemen or Members of the said Company, who frequently come by Night, as well as in the Day-time, and dredge for, take, and carry away the Oysters, and destroy the Oyster Brood, without pretending to claim any Right lo to do — That the Company of Fishermen are at very great Expence in employing Watchmen to protect the said Fishery, but their Endeavours have not been effectual, for the Thefts are constantly increasing, and that the Continuance thereof will very greatly tend to the Destruction of the said Fishery, which hath always been coiifiderqd as a Nursery of Seamen for the Royal Navy.

Mr. John Hills, a Fisherman, being then examined, said. That he is upwards of Seventy-nine Years of Age, Sixty of which he had known the said Fishery; and he confirmed the whole of the foregoing Evidence y of Mr. Monger.

James Lappenger, Esquire, being then examined,

said. That he resides at Faversham, and knows the said Fishery — That great Doubts have been entertained of the Mode in which Actions should be brought against Persons, not duly entitled, coming upon the said Fishery — That they cannot at present be punished by any Criminal Prosecution, and that it is the Opinion of several eminent Counsel, that the Property cannot be effectually proteCced by any Law now in Force.

Mr. Monger and Mr. Hills being again examined, said. That the Fishery within the Limits well known and marked out as aforesaid, is solely for the Purpose of catching Oysters; and that the Number of floating Fish within those Limits is so small, that it neither is, nor ever was, worth any one’s while to come there for the Purpose of catching the m.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually securing the Oyster Fishery at Faversham, in the County of Kent:And that Mr. Marfieam

3 C and

190

and Mr. Honywood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Birmingham A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

thereunto subscribed^ Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmiwas presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham is very much increased in the Number of Inhabitants within the last Thirty Years, and the only Road or Passage from the said Town to the several Turnpike Roads which lead from thence to the Metropolis, through the Town of Warwick and Stratford upon and City of is

over a certain Bridge at the lower End of the said Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge; and that the said Bridge having been erected many Years, is very narrow, and, owing to the great Increase of the Passage over it, is become very incommodious and inadequate to the Accommodation and Safety of the Public, and the said Road or Passage cannot be suffi-cienriy widened and rendered safe for Travelling, without taking down and re-building the said Bridge, and also taking down and removing several Houses, Cottages, and other Buildings, in the Hamlets of Deritend and Bordefley, near the said Town; and that it would be of great Advantage, if Power was given to vary the Course of the River for the Distance of Seventy Yards, or thereabouts, above the said bridge, by making a new Channel in a (trait Line down to the said Bridge, and by making a new Course also for conveying Part of the Water running from a Slitting Mill, the Property of Sir Thomas , into the said River, and by widening the Channel of the River below the said Bridge j and that the lower Part of the said Town is frequently Overflowed by the River in Times of Flood, and it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Town, if Powers were given to erect a Weir upon the said River, or such other Works as may be found necessary to secure such Part of the said Town as aforesaid from being Overflowed in future: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for widening and re-building the said Bridge, and for taking down several Dwelling Houses and Buildings, in order to open and render more commodious the Street leading thereto, and for effecting the Purposes before-mentioned, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Mr.

Jervoise, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber 5 and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

jA, 1*788*

made to them, according to their respective Rights and Interests; and that the said Lands, and also other Lands and Grounds within the said Manors, are frequently Overflowed, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, if some Provision was made for the better draining thereof; And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the said several Purposes, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir Richard Hilly &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Debtors confined in His Majesty’s Prison The Fleet, on Behalf of themselves and others, was presented to the House, and read j Complaining of their Distress, and praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Citizens of the City of Bath, in Common Council assembled, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the said City, certain Streets, Courts, Lanes, and other public Passages, several of which lead to the Pump Room and Baths, which are at present very incommodious, and in many Parts dangerous, not only to the Inhabitants of the said City, but to other Persons resorting thereto; and that, if proper Powers were given to improve the said Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages, by removing Obstructions, the taking down of Houses, and other Buildings, and making the said Streets and public Passages wider and more convenient for Persons and Carriages passing through the fame, it will tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, and Safety of the Inhabitants of the said City, and will also be of great public Utility: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to the Lord Bayham, Mr. Mcyjcy, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber} and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

70 Februariu

S:rc;tmarfr.ai, A Petition of the Right honourable George Edward A Petition of the Most Noble Marquis c5. c. inciofuie Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, Lord of the Manors of and the humble Petition of the several Commissioners, r'ciiuon^8* Streetmarjhal and Tirymynech, in the County of Mont- Owners, and Proprietors of Lands, in a certain Dif-gemery,of William Pulteney, Esquire, Lord of the trift of Fen Lands, called Middle Fen Difiriff, lying Manor of Deytbeur, in the said County, and also of between Ely and Sobam, in the County of Cambridge, the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands themselves and others, Commissioners, Owners, and and Estates within the said Manors, on Behalf of Proprietors of Lands in the aforesaid District, was themselves and others, was presented to the House, presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act, and read; Setting forth. That there are, within the made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late said Manors, several Open Common Fields and Waite Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act Lands, belonging to the Petitioners and others, which, " for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands, in their present Situation, are incapable of any con- " and Low Grounds, in the Isle of Ely, and County fiJerable Improvement, but it would be of great Be- " of Cambridge, beeween the Cam, otherwise , nefit and Advantage to the Petitioners, and all other a Ouze, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the Persons interested in the said Lands, if the same were South East by the Hard Lands of lfleham, Fordbam, divided and inclosed, and specific Allotments thereof " Sobam, and IVicken, and for impowering the Governor.

Fleet Debtor# Petition.

Bath Street# Petition.

Ely Drainage Petition,

T-3

1.

hire Moor Ini lofure Pc* to bun.

18 Geo. III.

7° Februa

r9*

" vernor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company Sir Matthew do prepare, and bring in>

of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, the fame.

*c called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within

" the said Limits, commonly called Invested Lands A Petition of the Mayor, BurgelTes, and Common-

and Setting forth. That the Commissioners appointed alty, of the City of under their Common Seal,

by the said Act have, at a great Expence, raised was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

Banks, erected Engines, cut Drains, and done other Works for the better Preservation thereof, which have

obliged them to borrow large Sums of Money on the Third, the Twenty-second of King George the Se-

Credit of the said Act; and that the Floods of late Years have risen to extraordinary Heights, and come

cond, and Sixth of His present Majesty, the Mayor and Justices, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and Corn-

down with such Violence against the said Banks, as to mon Council of the said City, respectively, are invested occasion great Breaches therein, which obliged the with Power and Authority to punish Nuisances and

Commissioners to lay out further large Sums in heightening and strengthening the said Banks, and securing the said Breaches, and on other necessary Works, which the Nature of the Undertaking re

Annoyances of several Sorts and Descriptions, committed in the Rivers Avon, and , and the Creeks or Havens of the said Rivers and Froome, within certain Boundaries and Limits therein

quired, whereby the Debt contrafted on the Credit mentioned, and upon the Banks thereof, and upon of the said Act is now become so heavy as not to the Wharfs, Backs, Quays, Streets, and public Places, leave, after Payment of the Interest and Officers Sa- within the said City, and, from Time to Time, to laries, a Sum any Ways fuflvrient to carry on the said make Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, and appoint Work of Drainage, by which the whole Undertaking Officers for the Preservation of the said Rivers, and is likely to fail, to the great Impoverishment of many Regulation and Government of all Pilots and Masters Families, and to the great Detriment of the said Cre- of Ships, and other Vessels, navigating to and from the ditors, unless timely relieved by the further Aid of said City, and of all Ships and Vessels lying within Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may the said Rivers Avon and , and the said Creeks

be given to bring in a Bill for amending the said for- and Harbours; and also to erect Markets, to appoint

mer Act, and enlarging the Powers thereof in such Manner, and under such Powers and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Officers, and to make Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, for the Regulation and Government of all and every the Markets held, and to be held, within the said City, and likewise to make Rules and Orders

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- for governing and regulating the Owners and Dri-

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. , Sir Edward,

vers of Hackney Coaches, Halliers, Scavengers, and other Persons vGng Carriages within the said Cityt and that, in the said several Acts of Parliament, there

&c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, are Clauses and Provisions to prevent Damages and

tfl ► XT t H A /\ r #* 1 /N *% ♦* !% A O r\ A 1 L M mm Y,) MAS V-J A A AiA A FD mm A MA mm. mm mm m M M mm mm

at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Most Noble Hugh Duke of Northumberland, and the humble Petition of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors and Owners of certain Farms, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemouth Shire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouth Shire, in the Parish of Tynemouth, in the County of Northumberland, having Right of Common, or Stints, upon a certain Moor or Common, called Shire Mcor, within the said Manor, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, within the said Manor, a certain Moor or Common, called Shire Mcor, containing, by mation, about 1,300 Acres ;and that the Petitioner, the Duke of Northumberland, is Lord of the said Manor, and as such entitled to the Soil and Royalties of the said Moor or Common, and also is Owner or Proprietor of certain Messuages, Demesne and other Lands, within the said Manor; and that the Petitioners, and other Persons, in respect of their several Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, within the said Manor, are entitled to Right of Com or to certain Stints, upon the

Prejudice to the said Rivers, and for preventing and removing Nuisances on the Banks of the said Rivers, and for preventing Annoyances and Obstructions, or several Descriptions, in the Streets of the said City, and to puniffi divers Offences within the said City, and likewise for preventing the Carriage of exceflive Weights, for regulating Wheel Carriages, and limiting the Number of Horsesdrawing the fame, upon the Streets and other public Ways d>

in the -fame Acts, there are likewise Provisions for preventing bodily Injury to Passengers in the Streets, and other public Places, by the falling of old and ruinous Houses and Buildings, and for reguJating the building, re-building, new fronting, and repairing of Houses and other Buildings within the said; and that, by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, the Petitioners, or their are

authorized to widen, enlarge, and render more convenient, several Streets, Lanes, and,

and also to design, make, open, and lay out, several new Streets, Lanes, and Passages, therein particularly mentioned, and, in pursuance thereof, the Petitioners, and their Assigns, have widened and enlarged several of such Streets, Lanes, , and *

and likewise opened, and laid out, several of such new Streets, and the rest of such Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, ftiil remain to be executed; and that many of the said Powers and Provisions are very

mon, or to certain stints, upon the said Moor or Common, and are desirous that the said Moor or Common, which, in its present Situation, is incapable defective, and by no Means answer the Purposes for

of any considerable Improvement, may be divided, which they were intended, and further and other

inclosed, fee out, and allotted unto and amongst the Powers are necessary for accomplishing those Pur-Petitioner, the said Duke of Northumberland, the other poses, and for extending the fame, and it would be Petitioners, and the several other Persons interested a great Convenience, if Powers were given to the therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be Petitioners enlarge, and render more coin-

given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, modious, any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Paf-under such Restrictions and Regulations, and in such sages, within the said City, and near thereto, and to -Manner, as to the House shall seem meet. make and open new Streets, and for those Purposes

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to purchase, and take down, such Houses and pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that ings as shall be necessary, and likewise to order Steps,

Mr, Grey, Sir William Middleton, Mr. Brandling, and Bulks, Bow Windows, and other Projections and En-

t croachments,

Bristol Police Pctiriort*

That, by certain Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of King William the

T

I9X

70 Februarii.

A \ 1788-

croachments,fromHousesandBuilding?,upon,orhang- vine Service therein, and that the said Church of ing over, any of the said Streets, or public Places, to Church, otherwise Holy Trinity, shall be the foie Parillr be removed, and to-remove and prevent certain other Church of both the said Parillies; and that, for the Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and other- Purpose of enlarging the Guildhall of the said City, wife to regulate the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and pub- and erecting and providing public Offices, and other lie Passages and Places, within the City j and that Requisites, adjoining thereto, it. is necessary that it would likewise be of great Convenience, if Bodies Power Should be given to the Petitioners to purchase Corporate, and all Persons under any legal Incapacity and take down certain Houses and Buildings in the within the said City, were authorized to transfer, in said Street called near the said Guildhall;

Fee, any of their Houses, Buildings, or Lands, from and that the present Laws for establishing a Court of one to another, or to the Petitioners, for any public Conscience within the said City, and for regulating Purpose, of the said City; and that many of the the fame, want Amendment and Alteration; and that Powers and Provisions in the said Acts are very de- it would be of public Utility, if the Powers of exe-festive, and by no Means answer the Purposes for cuting legal Process of Justice, originating within the which they were intended, and further and other said City, were to be extended to certain Places ad-Powers are necessary for accomplishing those Purposes, joining the fame, and if Provision were to be made and for extending the same; and that it would be very for preventing Ejeftments between Landlord and beneficial to the Public, if the Sale and Delivery of Tenant, brought in the Mayor’s and Sheriff’s Court Hay, Straw, Coal, Raw Hides, and Skins, within of the said City, from being removed, by the said City, were laid under certain Regulations, or other Process of Law, into His Majesty’s Courts of and if there were proper Provisions made for inspect- Record at and that, to prevent the

ing and trying of Weights and Measures, and if the Trouble, Expence, and Delay of raising a Fund for a Provisions of the Laws now in being, respecting the County Stock within the said City, as directed by the Owners and Drivers of Hackney Coaches, Halliers, Acts of Parliament now in Force, it would be proper, and other Persons driving or using Carriages within that the Justices of the Peace in Sessions should be the said City, were extended to certain Distances from empowered to add to the Money Annually certified the said City, and to Chairmen and Porters, and if to them, by virtue of the Laws now in being, to be Powers were given for ascertaining their Fares and necessary for the Care and Maintenance of the Poor Rates, and all'o if Powers were given for regulating of the said City, a sufficient Sum of Money for the the Number of Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers Purpose of a County Stock, to be assessed and coland Carriers thereof, and the Stands and Fares of such lested Annually with the Poor’s Rate, and applied Coaches and Chairs applying for Hire within the said and accounted for Annually by the Chamberlain of City, and certain Distances therefrom, and also for the said City, as Treasurer of such County Stock; preventing Trucks from passing and re-passing on the and that several other Regulations and Alterations of Footways in the said City, and likewise for settling the Laws in being are necessary for more perfectly the Fees of Officers appointed for the Regulation and managing and enforcing the Police of the said City: Government of the Quays and of the Vessels lying in And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to the Port of the said City; and for the Preservation of bring in a Bill, or Bills, for the Purposes aforesaid, the said Rivers, and for the Regulation and Govern- under such Regulations as to the House shall feeuj ment of the said Markets respectively, and also the meet.

Rates for Pilots, and if other Powers were given for Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

the complete Management and Regulation of the said Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

Rivers and Port, and of all Ships, Lighters, Boats, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it

and Vessels resorting to, and abiding, and being within shall appear to them, to the House:

the fame, and for the Preservation of the Fish within And it is referred to Captain Berkeley, Mr.

the said River Severn j and that the Pari Ih Church of &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning,

Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint Owen, is situate in a Street, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; called Broad Street, within the fipd City, and the pub- and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Relic Way or Passage there is very narrow, dangerous, cords, and inconvenient, and for widening and rendering

more commodious the said Way or Passage, and for A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Waik;ngt#n enlarging the Justice Hall or Council House of the thereunto subscribed, being Owners of Messuages, J;"j^lure p,‘ said City, it is necessary that the said Parish Church, Cottages, Lands, and Estates, irf the Township of with its Appurtenances, and several Houses and Walkington in the East Riding of the County of York, Buildings contiguous and near thereto, should be was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, taken down and removed; and that the Rectory be- That there are several Open Common Fields, Mea-longing to the said Church became void by the Death dows, Pastures, and uninclosed Lands, within the said of the last Incumbent, and is, with all its Rights, Township, and the Lands of the respective Proprie-Members, and Appurtenances, as well by virtue of tors thereof lie intermixed and difperled in small Par-the Power Ordinary and Episcopal, as of an Act of eels, and, in their present Situation, arc incapable of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of King any considerable Improvement; but, if the same Charles the Second, for uniting Churches in Cities and were divided and inclosed, it would be very advan-Towns Corporate, ordered, decreed, and declared to tageous to all the Parties interested therein: And be united and consolidated to and in the Parish of therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring Christ Church,otherwise Holy Trinity,within the said in a Bill for the Purposes above mentioned, under City of Bristol, to all Effects in Law whatsoever, and inch Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall that the same be held, and in all future Times pre- think fit.

fented to, held, and enjoyed, as one Rectory and Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Ecclesiastical Benefice, and that Divine Service and pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sermons shall in future be had and celebrated in the Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Duncombe, and Mr. lYilber-said Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise UolyTri- force, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. jiity, only, and that the Parishioners and Inhabitants

of the said Parish of Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint An ingossed Bill for extinguishing all Right of Mangotsficl Ovsen, shall have free Liberty to resort to, and have Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds vv"ltcBl11 the free Use of, the Parish Church of Christ Church, in the Manor and Parish oi Alaitgotsin the County 1 ' otherwise Holy Trinity,aforesaid, at the Times of Di- of Gloucester (except Mangotsfield Common, EmaJon’s

Green,

a rr

u.

J,

2.8 Geo. III.

Februarii.

*93

Green, and Vinney Green) and for vetting the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge> Ef-guirc, Lord of the said Manor, di (charged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Relit Charge, issuing out of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of JVlangotsfie!dy in the County of Glou~ cester (except Mavgotsfcld Conwion, EmerJon's Green, and Vinney Green) and for vesting the said Commons and *Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge> Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Relit Charge, issuing out of the fame, for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

Ordered, That the Lord Ap/ley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence,

And it is referred to Alderman IP tikes, 6ce.: morrow Morning, at Speaker’s Chamber; and have fons. Papers, and Records;

Mr. Alderman IVntJcn, And they are to meet Nine of the Clock,

Mr, To-the

Power to fend for Per-

m

Ordered, That Mr; Pcchin be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of William Po-chiny Esquire, Lord of the Manor, Edward I lay Popp IVigley, Esquire, Impropriator of the Impropriate Rectory, and the Reverend John Dudleys Clerk, Patron and Incumbent of the Vicarage and Parish GhurcK of HumberJloney in the County of Leicester> and of the several other Persons whole Names are thereunto subscribed. Owners of Land or Right of Common in the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds of Humberjione aforesaid, on Behalf of themselves and the reit of the Persons interested therein.

Member add t i b’ ir*|> in llumbvt lucioio.ic li.

St. Peter-le-Pooi Church Petition.

A Petition of the Reftor, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and others. Inhabitants of the Parish of

Saint Peter-le-Poor, in Broad Street, within the City

of London, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, that the Parish Church of Saint Peter~le-Poor is in a very ruinous Condition, and, considering the Expence the Parish will be put to in repairing the fame, it has been thought better, and less expensive, tore-build than repair the said Church, which is situate in a very narrow Part of the said Street, by Reason whereof the Paflfage of che Street opposite the said Church is rendered inconvenient and dangerous; and that the taking down of the said Parish Church, and re-building the same on the present Scite thereof, or on Part of the present present Majesty, for opening a Street from the Strand, at Scite, and on other Ground behind, so as to widen or near the Eift F.nd of the New Church, to the South the Street adjoining, will be of great Advantage both End of Stanhope Street, in the Parish of Saint Ciemeni

Mr; Pochin presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Humberjione, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the

First Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Brighthelmfione, in the County of Sussex, be read a Second Time upon Tuesday Morning next;

UuvnV>er{t->ne Inclostue BiiV prelected.

t>ay appointed for 2<i Reading of Bright-he. mftone Piayhouk Bill.

A Petition of Lcgh Master, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, made in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of His

Mr. Matter’a Petition.

to the Parishioners and the Public, by enlarging a Passage in the Center of the said City j and, in regard of the Advantage that will arile to the City of London by widening the Street aforesaid, the Corporation of the said City have agreed to contribute a Sum of Money towards the Expences of purchasing Houses, and Te-building the said Church, and widening the said Street i and that there are divers Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, vested in the Trustees of the Estates of the said Parish of Saint Peter-le-Poor, upon certain Trusts, for the Benefit of the said Parish,

Danes, within the City and Liberty of Westminster, Powers were given to the Commissioners, named in the said Act, to assign and set out the said intended new Street, according to the Breadth, and in the Manner, in the said Act mentioned, and the said Commissioners were thereby authorized, in certain Cafes, to ascertain the Value of such Premitles as might be necessary to be laid into the said Street by the Verdict of a Jury of the Liberty of Westminster; and that, in pursuance of the said Act, the Commissioners did set out the said Street, and Part of the Ground so set out,

and it may be found absolutely necessary to pull down being the Property of the Petitioner (who at that the Whole, or Part, of One of the said Messuages or Time was absent from this Country) was, on the 5th Tenements, which adjoins to the said Parish Church, of , valued by a Jury, summoned in

for the Purpose of re-building the said Church on Part pursuance of the said Act, at the Price of £. 1,050; of the Ground on which the said Messuage or Tene- and soon after such Valuation the said Ground was ment now Hands; and that the Expence of re-build- laid into, and now constitutes Part of, the said Street; ing the said Church, of purchasing certain Messuages and that the Petitioner has made frequent Applica-or Tenements neceflafy thereto, and for widening the tiens for Payment of the Money so assessed, with In-said Street, together with other Expences attending terest for the fame, but, from Defects in the said Act, the fame, are computed at a very considerable Sum, he has not been able to procure the Payment thereof, which cannot be raised, nor can the said Messuage or and of the Colts he has been put to in endeavouring Tenement (Part of the said Parish Estates) be pulled to recover the fame, and is advised he cannot be ef-down, nor the said other Messuages or other Tene- feftually relieved but by the Wifdom and Justice of ments be purchased by the said Parish, nor can the Parliament: And therefore praying, That Leave may re-building of the said Parish Church, and widening be given to bring in a Bill for explaining and amend-the said Street, be effectually carried into Execution, ing the said Act, or that the Petitioner may have such without the Aid and Authority of Parliament: And other Relief as to the House shall seem just and rea-therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring sonable.

in a Bill for taking down and re-building the said Pa- , That the said Petition do lie upon the

rish Church, and for such other Purposes as in this Table.

Petition is mentioned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the A Petition of William Waif on, Charles Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- Richard Armstrong, George Rlppcn, and non.

mine the Matter thereof} and report the fame, as it William , was presented to the House, and read;

shall appear to them, to the House: Setting forth, That the Town of Shields, in the

' Voi. XL1JI. D Count/

S.iutli Shields Water Ptti-

t

Coal Buyers Petition repotted.

I94

7* Februa

A. 178&.

County of Durham,is, at present, ill ftipplied with by a finall Advantage arising from the Coal Buyers

fresh Water, and the Inhabitants of the said Town employing their own Lighters (the Coal Buyers at the and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping which resort to Coal Exchange being all Lightermen); and that the Whole of the Profits so described do not amount, on an Average, to more than £. 10 per Cent, per,

beyond the legal Interest of their Capitals.

And being allied. Whether the Returns above mentioned were made for the Purpose of any secret Preference or Monopoly within the Time he has been bring in a Bill for supplying the said Town and Places acquainted with the Trade ? he said, No; nor are any adjacent, and the Shipping resorting thereto, with Wa- Stipulations ever made previously for fuett Returns

the Harbour, frequently experience great Inconve nience for want of a proper and regular Supply of Water; and that the Petitioners have formed a Plan for supplying the said Town and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting thereto, with fresh Water: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to

ter, in such Manner, and by such Ways and Means, as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the fait} Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Page, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn-at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber;

which are made to all Buyers at the Coal Exchange indiscriminately, long after the Sale of the Coals: That there is an equal Sale for all Coals arriving at the London Marker, according to their respective Qualities; and the said Allowances can have no Tendency to increase the Price of Coals to the Con-fumer.

And being alked, If the Profits arising by the said Allowances were discontinued, how an adequate Profit and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re- could be produced to the Coal Buyer instead thereof ?

ing,

cords.

Mr. Henry ’Thorntonreported from the Committee,*

to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Coal Buyers,

he said, By an equivalent Addition to the Price paid at Market.

And being alked, If the Coal Owner shall continue to receive the same Price for his Coals as he now actually does, and the Coal Buyers add to the Market residing in or near the City of London,on Behalf of Price the same Sum, by Way of Profit, as has been

themselves, and all others concerned in the same Branch of the Coal Trade, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

usually returned by the Way before-mentioned; whether the Consumers will have the Article at the same Price as now ? he said, They certainly will, because, when the Coal Owner shall cease to make the Returns above mentioned, he will be enabled, with equal Profit to himself, to fell his Coals ac a proportionably less Price.

And being alked, Whether any Actions had been To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Two brought against him for Recovery of Penalties under several Atts passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of the said Acts ? he said, Yes, Two; and he believed Queen Anne, and the 3d Year of his late Majesty, for nearly the whole Trade had been served with Writs the Encouragement and Regulation of the Coal Trade, for the like Purpose; and that if the Penalties charged were read: By which Acts it; appeared, That certain to have been incurred by him Should be recovered. Penalties were inflicted upon Persons buying or selling he thinks they would amount to upwards of jT. 20,000 Coals, for receiving or paying any Premium or Re- and he supposes, the Penalties alledged to have been ward for contracting, buying, felling or disposing of incurred by the whole Trade, might amount to many any particular Sorts of Coals, in Preference to any Hundred thousand Pounds.

Other Sorts of Coals. Then Mr. Benjamin Kennett, who had been concerned in

the Trade 24 Years, and

Mr. Thomas , who had been concerned in

the Trade near 7 Years, confirmed the Evidence of Mr. Wood, respecting the general Customs and Circumstances of the Trade. — Then Mr. Richard Shawe, Solicitor for the Trade, being examined, said. That he knew that a great Number of Actions had been brought against the Coal Buyers, having himself appeared to upwards of Twenty of such Actions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the 9th Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to diiTolve the present, and prevent the future, Com-

Mr. Thomas Wood, a Coal Buyer, being examined, said, That he has been engaged in that Business upwards of 20 Years — That the Customs of the Trade at the Time he began were the same as they now arc: The Coal Owner ul'ed to fell to the Ship Owner, who brought them to the London Market, and fold them to the Coal Buyers; thac the Coal Owners charged a higher Price on the Coals consigned to the London Market than on those shipped for the Out Ports; and in Consequence thereof made a Return at stated Times to the Coal Buyer of u. or Six Pence per Chaldron, according to the different Sorts of Coals.

And being asked, Whether that was the general Mode of carrying on the Coal Trade, by all Persons concerned therein of the same Description as himself? he said, Yes; except with respect to one Coal Owner, who formerly did make the like Returns, but has for some Years discontinued the same; in Consequence of which the Coal Buyer makes an Addition, as near as can be, equivalent on the Market Price of the Coals of that Coal Owner — That it is the common Course of Business to fell Coals to the Dealers and Consumers at the exact Price nominally paid to the Coal Importer; and that the Returns before-mentioned made by the Coal Owner, form the principal Part of the Coal Buyer’s Profits.

And being asked, How the Remainder of such Profits arose ? he said. From a Discount of Two per

" bination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Masters of " Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, " in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further " Encouragement of the Coal Trade;" and also, an Act passed in the 3d Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade;" and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts: And that Mr. Henry Thornton and Mr. Alderman Wation do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Carmar»h«« Cent, on Two-thirds of the Price paid, and likewise Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Carmar- p/uu’on''

then.

a8 Geo. III. 70 Fcbri

then, and the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the Peace, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, was presented to the House, and

read; Setting forth. That the County Gaol of Carmarthen is greatly out of Repair, ill supplied with Water, and extremely deficient and circuinscribed as to Situation, Size, Extent, and Conveniences; and that the Gaol of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen has no Outlet or Airing Ground, and is totally delli-tute of Water, and many other Conveniences, which cannot be added thereto, owing to the present confined and limited Situation of such Gaol, and the Liberties thereof; and that the Gaol of the said County Borough being incommodious, and insufficient to answer the general Purposes of a Common Gaol, is dangerous and unhealthy for Prisoners, and, being situated near the Center of the Town of is in-

convenient to Passengers, and a real Nuisance to the Inhabitants of the said Town-, whose Lives would be endangered by Fire, or any Pestilential or Contagious Dirtemper happening therein; and that there is not at present any House of Correction provided either within or for the County or County of the Borough of Carmarthen, although by Law required, and there is Daily Occasion for such Buildings j and that it is highly expedient and necessary that the Gaol of the said County Borough should be pulled down, and removed from its present Situation, that the Gaol of the said County of Carmarthen Should be repaired, enlarged, and altered, and a sufficient House of Correction built adjoining thereto, to serve as one Common Gaol and House of Correction as well for the County as for the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, otherwise, in case it should be found more expedient that both the Gaol of the said County and County of the Borough aforesaid should be pulled down and removed, and that a total new Goal, more spacious, safe and convenient, and a new and sufficient House of Correction, should be erected at the joint Expence of the Inhabitants pi the said County and County Borough, to serve, as one Common Gaol and House of Correction for the said County and County Borough, in some other Situation more eligible and proper, and where a constant and sufficient Supply of Water may be had, and Space and Room enough for Airing Grounds, and all other necessary Purposes; and that the consolidating and uniting of the said Gaols and Houses of Correction, so as to make the same Gaol and Liberties, and the same House of Correction, answer the joint and several Purposes of the said County, and County Borough of Carmarthen, as one Common Gaol and House of Correction, will be attended with much leis Expence than the building of Two separate Gaols and Two separate Houses of Correction, and essentially benefit the Petitioners and the Public, and tend greatly to lefien the original Colt of such Erections, and relieve the Petitioners in their future Expences, relative to the Support and Maintenance of Officers, and the Repairs' of such respective Buildings; and that if a new County Gaol, and a new House of Correction, was to be built upon the Lands of the Corporation the County of the Borough of adjoin-

ing the Turnpike Road leading from the Town of Carmarthen, towards the Town of Saint in

the County of Carmarthen, where there is sufficient Room, and a plentiful and constant Supply of Wafer, the same may be so conltructed as to serve the joint Purposes of the said County and County Borough of Carmarthen, as one common Gaol and House of Correction for both Jurisdictions; and that there are not, at present, any County Offices, or any Places of Security, wherein to keep and deposit the Records of the County, and the County of the Borough of C?r-marthen, and the same are now kept and deposited in a very unfit and improper Place, liable to be destroyed by fire and other Accidents, and it is extremely ne-

larii. 1 £ 5

cessary and essential to the Interest: of the Inhabitants of the County, and the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, that such Offices should be immediately built, and that sufficient Powers Should be veiled in some Person or Persons to treat for, and purchase-, certain Houses adjoining the Shirehall and Guildhall of the County, and the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, now in the Possession of Francis Reed, Victualler,

John Nichols, Gentleman, Thomas Lewis, Baker, and Stephens, Hair-dresser, for the joint Use and Benefit of the said County, and County of the Borough of Carmarthen, being the moil convenient and eligible

Situation for such Erections, and to enable those Person or Persons to defray the Expence of such Purchases out of some General Fund to be raised and applied for that Purpose, and to impower, compel, and authorize, all Infants, Trustees, Bodies Politic and Corporate, and all other incapacitated Persons whatsoever, or such other Person or Persons as are now or may hereafter be seised or possessed of any Estate or Interest in any Houses, Lands, Tenements, Hereditaments, and Premisses, which may be deemed necessary to be purchased for all or any of the several Purposes aforesaid, to make Title to, part with, fell, and dispose thereof; but as the County of Carmarthenand the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, are both Counties of themselves, totally distin«5t and separate in their Jurisdictions, such Union can in no wife be effected, nor such Purchases made, or any of the other Matters or Things hereinbefore mentioned, be carried into Execution, without the Aid and Interposition of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, and under such Regulations', as to the House shall seem tneec.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Lewes, Sir William

Mavjcl, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow

Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Tudway be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of Thomas Millard, Edward Brown, How, Arthur

Phippen, and others.

Mr. Tudway presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mcar and Wedmore, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, do lay before this House, a Statement of their several Reports to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, from Lady Day 1787 up to the 25th of December 1787.

Mr. Bankes presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in the Town 0^ Bland ford Forum, in the County of Do-Jet: And the Tame was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A jPctitioa

Member added o bripg in Mcar and Wed more In* closure Bill.

Mear and

Wedmore Tn* closure Bill presented.

Statement of Reports respectin£ the American Loyal ids ordered.

WJmbome Minster Road Bill presented*

|V>1 and Of-v/eftry Roatlj Petition.

lc)6 7° Februarii.A. I78&

A Petition of the several Trustees for carrying into amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Execution an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of shall appear to them, to the House: the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, And it is referred to Sir Catkin Williams Mr.

for repairing several Roads from Pool to Ofwejlryand Mad.ocks, See.: And they are to meet To-jmorrow

Wrexham, and from Knockin to Llanrhaiader, in the Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and also Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-

an Act made in the Second Year of His present Ma- pers, and Records, jetty’s Reign, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, as also the Petition of the several Trustees A Petition of the commissioners appointed by and Thamwand for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Third for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made pf‘st^*nSiU0B Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, fortepairing the in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Of- jesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for wejlry and Wrexham, to Ruthin, and other Roads in improving and completing the Navigation of the the said Act mentioned, and of several Persons who Rivers Thames and from the City of London to have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls <c the Town of , in the County of Wilts,'*

granted by the said several Acts, and of the several and another Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing said Majesty’s Reign, for amending the aforesaid Act, near, and usually travelling, the Roads herein after was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, mentioned, whose Names are thereunto severally sub- That by the said Acts the Commissioners were im-feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- powered to borrow the Sum of £. 50,000 on the »Cre-ting forth, That the Trustees have made great Pro- dit of the Tolls to arise on the said Navigation, for grels in the Repair of the Roads by the said Acts di- improving and amending the same from the City of reded to be repaired, and for that Purpose have been London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of obliged to borrow considerable Sums of Money oh the Wilts-, and that the said Commissioners have borrowed.

Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which (till remain on the Credit of the said Tolls, the Sum of 33,900, due, and together with the Tolls have been duly ap- and have expended the fame, or the greatest Parc plied to the Purposes of the said Acts, but as the sub- thereof, in improving and amending the said Naviga-sifting Terms of the said Acts are near expiring, the tien from the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Money borrowed cannot be repaid, and the Roads ef- Staines, in the County of West ward, to or

fedually repaired and kept in Repair, without the fur- near Cleeve in the Parish of Streatley, in the County of ther Aid of Parliament; and Representing to the House, Berks, being an Extent of Sixty Miles, or thereabouts.

That as the several Roads, directed by the said Acts to but that a further Sum of Money will be needfary to be repaired, do very much interfed each other, the complete the said Navigation, not to exceed, in the Petitioners conceive that such Repair would be more Whole, the Sum of £.70,000; and that, by Reason of effectually carried on, if the Clauses and Provisions of the said Improvements and Amendments on the said the said Acts were consolidated, and the Roads subject Navigation, the Price of Water Carriage hath been only to the Care and Management of Trustees appoint- lessened, and the said Navigation rendered more safe, ed by One Act of Parliament; and Alledging, That certain, and expeditious, within the Extent of the said the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Amendments, yet, for Want of further and sufficient Oswestry and Knockin, near the Mile Oak in the County Powers with respect to the Collection of the Tonnage of Salop, by or near the Drill, to join the Road lead- Duty, as also the Tolls laid for the Use of the Towing ing from Oswestry to Portbywaen, near the Colliery of Paths, and other Accommodations for Vessels navigat-Sir JVatkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, with a Branch ing on the said Rivers, the said Commissioners are not leading out of the same near Coedygoe, to Llwynymaen fully enabled to continue and complete the improving Colliery; the Road from the Turnpike Road near and amending the Navigation of the said Rivers, ac-Porthywaen,in the County of Salop, over Sweeney cording to the Intentions of the said Acts, in a Man-Mountain,to join the Turnpike Road leading from ner moll beneficial to the Public: And therefore pray-Oswestry to Llanymynecb -,the Road from the Turnpike ing, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill ta

Road near Llynckiis, in the County of Salop,through explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers and Autho-or near Meajlury,to join the Turnpike Road between rities of the said Acts, for raising a further Sum of Whittington and Shrewsbury on Baby's Wood-, the Road Money, and for granting further Powers for the more leading from Cyfyilte Bridge,in the County of Denbigh, speedily and effectually making, improving, continu-to join the Llangollen Turnpike near ChwareleTurn- ing, and maintaining, the Navigation of the said Ri-pike Gate; the Road from the Turnpike Road between vers- Thames and Isis, from the Jurisdiction of the City Wrexham and Rhuabcn, at or near Crcefvoel, in the of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to County of Denbigh, through or near Pentredubenny, to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, in such join the Road from Wrexham to Miner a-, the R.oad from Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Berriewby Castle Caerinion,over Pont Sychart, alias Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Succoed, to join the Turnpike Road from Myvod to Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex-Llanfair, at or near Heniarlh-,the Road from the new amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Quay in the County of Montgomery, to join the Turn- shall appear to them, to the House: pike Road between Buttington and Wattleborough Heath-, And it is referred to Mr. Call, Mr. Vanjittart, &c.

_ and the Road leading from the Turnpike Road near And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine Abermarchnad, in the County of Montgomery, on the of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have West Side of LiwydiartPark, to join the Turnpike Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Road near Garthbeibio, are in a ruinous Condition,

narrow and incommodious in many Places, and can- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Newfound-not be effectually repaired by the ordinary Course of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, land Trade Law, and that if Provision was made for the Repair upon the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, Bl11 <*«tened. of the said Roads, it would be of great public Utility: the Trade between the Ports of the United States of

And therefore praying the House to take the Premises -America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of into Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them Newfoundland to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live shall seem meet. Stock, to be imported in none but built Ships,

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated Consideration of a Committee; And that they do ex- according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His

2 Majesty's

American

Xoyaliftt

Petition.

J it-

28 Geo. III.

Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence, be now^.read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

197

and devise such’Mode for the Examination of their Vouchers; and Liquidation of their Demands, as to the House shall appear most equitable and proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

70 Februarii.

A Petition of the American Loyalists, who have furnished Provisions and other Articles of Supply for the public Use, and whose Property has been taken, and their Premisses occupied, damaged, or destroyed, while in the Possession of the British Army and Navy, during mittee had di reded him to report to the House; the War in America, being offered to be presented to which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the House; in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the same was read;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s and is as followeth; viz.

Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, RefolvThat it is the Opinion of this Committee, having been informed of the Contents of the said That an additional Duty of Six Pence Gallon be Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the said upon all Spirits brewed or made from Corn, Malt,

House. Grain, or Tilts, or from Cyder, Perry, or other WafK

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; or Liquor, made or brewed from any Sort of British Setting forth. That the petitioners are of that De- Materials, or from Worts or Walh made from Mclaffes feription of Persons whose Property has been confifcat- or Sugar, or from refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or ed in consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty and Wash prepared from Foreign Materials, or any Mix-Attachment to the British Government; and that the ture therewith, of the Strength of One to Ten over

Petitioners, during the War in America, have on many Hydrometer Proof, which shall be imported into Occasions furnished Provisions and other Articles of land from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Supply for the public Use, and had their Houses, The said Resolution being read a Second Time,

Wharfs, and Estates, occupied and damaged, or de- was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by molished, while in the Possession of His Majesty’s the House.

Forces, and in the Service of Government, and, in Orde, That a Bill be brought in upon the said some Instances, their Property has been destroyed to Resolution: And that Mr. Mr. Chancellor of the promote the public Service, for which no Payment, Exchequer, and Mr. Alderman do prepare.

Relit, or Recompence, has been made to them, al- and bring in, the fame, though equally Objects of the Consideration of Government as any Claims of Justice whatever on the Sir Peter Burrell, a Member of this House, acquaint- Leave given Public; and that, at the Time of passing the Act for ing the House, That he had received an Intimation appointing Commissioners to enquire into the Losses from the Lords, that their Lordships were desirous to aminedauh* of the Loyalists in general, their Claims appeared to receive, from him. Information with respect to some Lord*, the Lords of the Treasury so well founded, that the Circumstances relative to the Court erected in IPeJtmin-Petitioners were allured they Should be made a parti- Jler Hally for the Trial of Warren Hajl'mgs, Esquire, which cular Object of the Enquiry, and be included in the lay in his Department, as executing the Office of Great Bill, but, by some Omission in the Wording of the Chamberlain of , and that he therefore desired

Act, the equitable Intention of Parliament was not ex- Leave of the House to attend the House of Lords on tended to their Claims, and, in consequence thereof, the above Occasion, if this House should think fit; the Commissioners did not think themselves authorized The House gave Leave to Sir Peter Burrell to atto take Cognizance of them; and that the Petitioners fend the Lords accordingly, then applied to the Lords of the Treasury, and were

acquainted, that their Claims should be taken into A Petition of the Distillers in was prefortted Petition from

Consideration when the other important Business of the to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Pe-Public would admit thereof, and their Lordships were titioners understand that an Application has been made soon after pleased to refer their Memorials to the Con- by the Corn Distillers in and about the City of Lon- Com Distitler* ftderation of the Auditors of Public Accounts, who, don. Hating, That by the Act of the Twenty-sixth of Pe,ltlon’ having kept them above Twelve Months under Ex- His present Majesty, for laying certain Duties upon amination, and having compared them with the Low Wines and Spirits, it was intended to impose up-Charges made against the Public on the Accounts of on the Distillery of Duties equivalent to those

the Contingencies of the Army in America, have de- paid by the Distillery in , but that they were

dared, as the Petitioners are informed, that it does ready to prove that such intended equalizing Duties not appear to them that any of those Claims had been were so settled, under the Influence of Misrepresenta-paid; and the Petitioners therefore entreat the House tien, to the manifest Loss of the public Revenue, and to consider, that a great many Years have elapsed the almost Ruin of the Trade of the Corn Distillers in lince the public Exigencies made it necessary to occu- and about London: And, that as the Petitioners con-py their Premisses, and to deprive therrvof their Pro- ceive that the above Allegations of the said Corn Dif-perty,' and, that after a painful Solicitation of Five tillers are ill-founded, and that the equalizing Duties Years at the Treasury, for an Enquiry into their paid by the Scots Distillery upon Spirits sent to -Claims, they now find that, their Demands being on land,joined to the Licence Duty in , is equal the Public, a Parliamentary Sanction is necessary to to the real Duties paid by these Corn Distillers upon their Relief; relying, therefore, on the Equity of their whole Manufacture, therefore praying, That their Claims, and with the fulleft Confidence in the they may be allowed to be heard by Counsel against Justice of Parliament and the Honour of the Nation, the above Complaints.

in'whose Cause they have risqued their Lives and fa- Or, That the said Petition do lie upon the crificed their Property, the Petitioners humbly solicit Table, for the Examination of their Vouchers, and the Liquidation of their Demands, trusting that the House will Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Or- Scotch Spirit* make Provision for the Payment of whatever Sums der, a Bill for charging an additional Duty on Spirits Du‘y Bijl shall be found, upon Investigation of their Claims, to manufactured in , and imported into prewu* *

be justly due to them: And therefore praying. That And the same was received; and read the First Time, the House will take their same into Consideration, Re, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vol. XLIII. 3 E Th*

Mr. Ro/e, according to Order, reported from the Report Com Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Petition of the Corn Distillers in and about London, the Resolution which the Corn-

Sir Elijah Impey further heard.

Ip8

8° Februarii.

A, 1788.

The Order of the Iky being read, for the further Hearing of Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, on the Matter of the several Charges of High Crimes and Misdemeanors presented against him j

Then Sir Elijah Impey was directed to proceed irt what he had further to offer to the House.

Sir Elijah Impey then made a Complaint to the House, of the Publishers of several Newspapers, and of a Pamphlet, in which there were several Paragraphs containing injurious Reflections upon him, with respect to

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- his Conduct as Chief Justice of Bengal, and to the De-

posed, That Sir Elijah Impey be now called in to the Barj

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " and that he be required to lay before this House the original Paper read by him at the Bar of this " House, and purporting to be a Translation of a Petition from the late Rajah Nundcomar, which was " laid before the Governor General and Council by " the late Sir John Clavering, in the Month of " 1775-"

And the said proposed Amendment was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Question, by adding at the End thereof these Words, " and that he be asked, whether he has any " Objection to produce a Copy of the Paper read by " him at the Bar of this House, upon Monday last, and purporting to be a Translation of a Petition from " the late Rajah Nundcomar, which was laid before " the Governor General and Council by the late Sir John Cavering, in the Month of August 1775

a

fence which he made at the Bar of this House, on Monday last, against the Charges of High Crimes and Misdemeanors exhibited against him in this House} and concluded with deliring the Protection of this House.

And he read several Paragraphs in the said Newspapers and Pamphlet.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, Nemine Contradicevte, That the Matter of the Complaint now made by Sir Elijah Impey be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Elijah Impey do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, with the Papers and Pamphlet of which he has now complained.

Ordered, That Sir Elijah Impey be now called in to the Bar, and directed to proceed.

He was accordingly called in to the Bar, and further heard on the Matter of the First Article, and also on the Matter of the Second Article of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors presented against him.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And being again called in, he was, by the Direction An Amendment was proposed to be made to the said of the House, asked by Mr. Speaker, Whether he wifti-Amendment, by leaving out the Words asked whe- ed to be heard on the remaining Charges ?

" ther he has any Objection," in order to insert the Whereupon Sir Impey expressed his Wife, That

Word " required" instead thereof. the Sense of the House might be taken upon the First

And the Question being put, That the Words Article of Charge, before he submitted to the House " asked whether he has any Objection" stand Part of what he had to say with regard to the other Charges

the said proposed Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

T£.,£nfoIthcYeas,^;:S*;-G — 4,o7.

Teller, for the Noes, { }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the said proposed Amendment, by leaving out the Words " a Copy of the," in order to insert the Words " the Original" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " a " Copy of the" stand Part of the said proposed Amendment}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the Question beingput, That the Words, " and " that he be asked, whether he has any Objection to " produce a Copy of the Paper read by him at the " Bar of this House, upon Monday last, and purporting " to be a Translation of a Petition from the late Rajah Nundcomar, which was laid before the Governor General and Council, by the late Sir John Clavering, " in the Month of August 1775," be added at the End of the Question}

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That Sit Elijah Impey be now called in to the Bar; and that he be asked, whether he has any Objection to produce a Copy of the Paper read by him at the Bar of this House, upon Monday last, and purporting to be a Translation of a Petition from the late Rajah Nundcomar, which was laid before the Governor General and Council, by the late Sir John Clavering, in the Month of August 1775.

The said Sir Elijah Impey was accordingly called in to the Bar; and was asked by Mr. Speaker, Whether he had any Objection to produce a Copy of the said Paper ?

To which Sir Elijah Impey said, That he had no Ob-

jection,

upon which he had not yet been heard.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

And being again called in, Mr. Speaker, by the Direction of the House, acquainted him, that the House would permit him, according to his Request, to be heard upon the remaining Charges after the House Should have taken the First Article of Charge into ' Consideration.

And then he was again directed to withdraw.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the Morning,

House adjourned Ten of the Clock.

till Tomorrow

V eneris, 8" die Februarii;

Anno 28°

Georgii

III"! Regis, 1788.

A1

Praters.

PETITION of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-____holders, and others, of the County of Huntingdon: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Town and County of the Town of Southampton: And also,

t A Petition

Committee

on Charge against Sir Elijah Iropey deferred.

Petition! from Huntingdon, Southampton, Birmingham, and York, respect* ing the Slave Trade.

18 Geo. III. 8° FebruariL

r"

'M

V?

jrV'

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of; Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles . ‘ of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Re-

ligion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Old Street A Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in KoadPetition. Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, paflpd in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street , in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonardo

ditch, in the County of whose Names are

thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted, which cannot be repaid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thomas Scott, Mr. Gascoyne, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Catterick' Mr. Tempefi reported from the Committee, to whom

Bridge Road the Petition of the Trustees appointed, elected, and ported." authorized to put in Execution Two several Acts of Parliament, the one of them made and passed in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catterick ,in *

" the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, " and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through in

the said County of Durham, to the City of Dur-e ham," and the other of the said Acts made and passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act to explain and " amend an Act, passed in the Twentieth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, An Act for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge,

" in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said Comity,

and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Darham, and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham j" and also, of the several Creditors on the Tolls arising from the several Turnpike Gates or Toll Bars erected upon the said Turnpike Road, under and by virtue of the said Two recited Acts of Parliament, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Trustees and Creditors of the said Road, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

Petition; and had directed him to feport the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth , viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Two several Acts were read: And,

Mr. John Stapylton Raifbeck being examined, said, That the Trustees thereby appointed have made great Progress in repairing the said Road, for which Purpose considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed on the Credit of the Tolls, and now remain due; that the same cannot be repaid, nor the said Road effectually repaired, unless the Term granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And the Witness added, That it will be more convenient, and it is the Desire of the Trustees, that the said Two Acts should be consolidated and reduced into One Act of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedge-field, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing, and keeping in Repair, the said Road: And that Mr. Sir

John Eden, and Mr. Lambton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of Legh Mafier, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, after long Study and great Pains, the Petitioner hath discovered a Method of conducting Vessels upon Inland Navigations, on a Principle hitherto unknown, and, amongst other important Advantages to be derived from the said Discovery, the Passage of Vessels may be effected against Wind, Tide, and Stream, in Navigable Rivers, without the Aid of Hauling or Oars; and that the Petitioner conceives, he hath well-grounded Hopes that such new Method of conducting Vessels may be carried into Practice in the Open Sea, and that the Principle by which it may be effected will lead to the Discovery of still greater Improvements, conducive not only to the Safety and Preservation of Ships in Storms and Tempests, by enabling them to keep off the Lee Shore, and continue their Course, but also to the shortening of Voyages, by enabling Ships to fleer to their Places of Destina-tien in a more direct Course than by any Method now in Practice; and that the Machinery requisite to be erected on Board for the aforesaid Purpose is perfectly Ample, and it will therefore be altogether impracticable for the Petitioner to secure to himself the Benefit of his Discovery, from an almost general Infringement, without the Aid of Parliament: And! therefore praying the House, to take the Premises into Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for vesting in and securing to the Petitioner and his Assigns, for some reasonable Term of Years, the foie Right of erecting and vending the Machinery which shall be erected or used on Board any Ship or Vessel which shall be navigated or conducted upon the Principle and Method discovered by the Petitioner, as aforesaid, or that the Petitioner may have such other Encouragement and Security for carrying his said Plan into Execution, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon th* Tabic.

A Petition

Mr. Matter's Petition respecting conducing Vesself against Wind* Tide, and Stream.

Nethenvon Inclosurc PctU don.

Siffken't Niti Petition.

White Sheet Hill Road Bill faffed.

Compton Martin Indo. sure Petition.

8° Februarii.

A. 1788.

A Petition of William Reach, Esquire, Lord of the several Manors, or reputed Manors, of Lamberts, and Netberavon Cormayles, within the Parish of Netberavon, in the County of Wilts, the Reverend Edward Innes, Clerk, Prebendary of the Prebend of Netberavon aforesaid, founded in the Cathedral Church of Sarum, the Reverend Ralph Smith, Clerk, Vicar of the Parish Church of Netberavon aforesaid, Thomas Dyke, Esquire, James Compton, Daniel Compton, Henry Reaves, Timothy Ring, and the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Owners and Proprietors of Land and Common Rights within the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read 5 Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, several Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, containing about 3,300 Acres? and that the Lands of the Petitioners, and others. Owners and Proprietors in the said Common Fields, Open Downs, and Common Lands, lie intermixed and dispersed in small Parcels, and, in their present Situation, are incapable of any considerable Improvement, and it would be very advantageous to the several Persons interested therein, and in the said Common Pastures and Waste Lands, if the same were divided and allotted amongst the several Proprietors, in specific Shares, in Lieu of, and in Proportion to, their Lands, Rights of Common, and other Rights, respectively: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes above mentioned, with such Clauses, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Goddard do prepare, and bring in, the fame,

A Petition of Henry Siffken, was presented to the House, and read ? Praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Penruddocke and Mr. Call do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of White Sheet Hill, through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turn-pike Road, at or near Barford, in the County of was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of White Sheet Hill, through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road, at or near Barford, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr. Penruddocke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Sir John Henniker, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Compton Martin, in the County of So-merfet, as well on Behalf of himself as of all Persons having Right of Common in Compton Martin aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read ? Setting forth, That the Commons and Waste Lands, lying in the said Parish, are of considerable Extent, and of small Advantage in their present State to those having Right of Common thereon ? and that the Persons interested in the said Commons and Waste Lands are deftrous that the same may be divided and inclosed, and specific Parts thereof allotted to each Proprietor, according to their respective' Estates and Interests: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-

t

mine the Matter thereof ? and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henniker, Mr. Brickdate,

&c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Joshua Peart, Esquire, Lord of the Sutton ind«: Manor of Sutton Holland, in the County of Lincoln, fare Petition, the Reverend Thomas Leigh Bennett, Clerk, Rest or Impropriate of the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, aforesaid, and also Vicar of the Vicarage of the said Parish, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, and Toftsteads, in the said Manor and Parish, was presented to the House, and read ? Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish, an Open and Common Marsh, called Long Sutton Common, containing about 2,500 Acres, and a Common Fen, called Sutton Saint Edmund’s Common, containing about 700 Acres, besides several other Waste and Commonable Grounds, upon which the Owners and Proprietors of Commonable Messuages, Houses, and Toftsteads, in the said Parish, have Common Right ? and that the said Lands and Grounds are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if divided and inclosed, would be of great Advantage to all Persons interested therein, and to the Community in general: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for those Purposes, under such Regulations as the House shall deem necessary.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Mr. Anderson Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Commonalty Hertford hr* of the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, >n£ Petition, and of others, Inhabitants of the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read Setting forth. That the Footways of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places, within the said Borough, are not properly paved, but the greatest Part thereof is pitched with rough uneven Stones, and very incommodious to the Inhabitants and Travellers ? and that it would be to the great Benefit and Convenience of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and Persons resorting thereto, or travelling through the fame, if the Footways within the said Borough were properly paved with even flat Pavement, iri a regular uniform Manner, and the said Borough cleansed, lighted, and watched, and all Obstructions and Nuisances therein removed and prevented: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Footways within the said Borough as aforesaid, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the said Borough, and removing and preventing all Obstructions and Nuisances therein, and further, for effecting the Purposes aforesaid, by raising and borrowing any necessary Sum or Sums of Money, and otherwise as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof ? and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Calvert, the Lord brook, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber ? and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered,

Account eff Sugar, Rum* Ac. imported from the Sugar Colonies* ordered.

Account of Ships cleared Outwards, and entered Inwards, from the Sugar Co-lonic8,ordered.

Account of Goods entered for Exportation to the Sugar Colonies , ordered.

Tnyerness Court House tnd Gaol Petipa reported.

Filey Inclosure Petition.

28 Gm Ill

8° Februa.

201

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Mr. ptefented to the'House, according to FmriWi

Account of the Quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Order, a Bill for hnore effectually securing the Oyster ojfcr Fiftetf

Coffee, Cocoa, Indigo, Ginger, Aloes, and other Goods, imported into the several Ports of Great Britain from the British Sugar Colonies, from Christ~ mas 1786 to Christmas 1787, inclusive; with the Duties of Customs and Excise payable on each Article.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships and other Vessels cleared Outwards from the different Ports of Great Britain for the British Sugar Colonies; and the Number of Ships and other Vessels, with their Tonnage,

Fishery at Faversham,in the County of Kent: And the BU1 pMfenMd'

fame was received; and read the First Time;

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time*

A Petition of Richard Wind, John Sinclair, tVilliam Tyne skipper* Brown, and others, whose Names, or Marks, are Petition, thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keelmen, employed,on the River Tyne, on Behalf of themselves and all the other Skippers and Keelmen employed on the said River, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners, and the other

entered Inwards from the same Colonies, during the Skipp?rs and Keelmen employed in navigating Keels

same Period.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the British Sugar Colonies from the several Ports in Great Britain, for the same Period } distinguishing such Goods as have been imported by the East India Company.

upon the River Tyne are very numerous, and, from the Nature of their Employment, obliged to reside mostly in the same Parish, so that when they, or their Families, become Objects of Parochial Relief, the Parish in which they are settled is either grievously burthen-ed, or an inadequate Fund is raised for their Supportj and that, to avoid those Evils, the Petitioners are in-

duced, by a Contribution amongst themselves, and a Sir Hefifor Munro reported from the Committee, to regular small Deduction from their Wages, to raise a whom the Petition of the Freeholders of the County Fund for the Relief and Support of themselves, their of Inverness, and of the Magistrates and Council of Wives, and Children, when they shall become Objects

of Charitable Relief, but the Petitioners are unable to carry such Intention into Execution, without the Aid of Parliament: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River , who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as ic shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Brandling, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Pawnbrokers within the Cities of and

Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That by an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawn- brokers," certain Regulations were established for better conducting the Business of Pawnbrokers, and which was to continue in Force for One Year from the lit Day of June 1787; and that the said Act, and the several Regulations thereby established, have been, found to be beneficial to the Public, and the Petitioners conceive that it will conduce to the public Good if the same were to be made perpetual: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make the said Act perpetual, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and un- mine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, as it der such Regulations, as to the House shall seem shall appear to them, to the House: meet. And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Newnbam, Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, Alderman Wation, &c.: And they are to meet upon pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Buncombe, and Mr. Wilberforce, Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Per-do prepare, and bring in, the fame. ions, Papers, and Records.

Vol. XLIII. 2 F A Petition

the Town of Inverness, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House j and he read the Re-.port in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read, and is as . followed!}

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, several Members present informed your Committee, That the Court of Judiciary hold their Assizes for all the Northern Counties of Scotland at the Town of Inverness — That the Court House and Gaol of the said Town is a very old and ruinous Building, and incapable of further Repair, and it will be necessary and proper to erect a new Court House and Gaol upon a larger Scale than the former, as the Number of Criminals has increased of late Years — That a Subscrip-tien has been opened for that Purpose} and from what has been already collected, and from what may hereafter be expected to be received, it is apprehended that the necessary Expences of erecting such Court House and Gaol will exceed the same in the Sum of One thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others. Owners of Estates within the Township of Filey, otherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read} Setting forth. That there are, within the said Township, certain Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, and other uninclosed Land, which may be greatly improved by being divided, inclosed, and allotted to the several Persons interested, according to their several Rights therein: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill

Pawnbroker*

Petition.

102

Baker* c*m- A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Attittants,

pan;Petition. tjje company of Bakers of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners, with their Brethren of the Commonalty, are an ancient Corporation, instituted by Royal Charter, for the Purposes of supervifing and teaching, by Apprenticeships, and according to the Custom of the City of London, the Art and Trade of making and baking Bread for public Sale, and for regulating the Makers and Sellers thereof, within the City and Liberties of London, and certain Districts adjoining thereto; and that, by the late Extension of the Streets and Buildings of the said Metropolis, and by some Alterations in the Trade itself. Doubts have arisen, whether the Powers and Provisions contained in their Charters, and their Bye Laws founded thereon, are now adequate to the Occasions of the Trade, or compatible with certain Regulations contained in an Act, made in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the due making of Bread, and to regulate the Price and Attize thereof, and to punish Persons who shall adulterate Meal, Flour, or ft Bread And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for ascertaining the Powers and Limits of the Petitioners Jurisdiction, for preventing any undue Exercise of the Trade or Business of a Baker, and to amend so much of the said Act as relates to the Charters and Bye Laws of the said Company, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Alderman Newnbam and Sir do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

A. 1788.

Surveys already taken, that a Navigable Cut or Canal for Boats, Barges, and other Vessels, may be made from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, or from the Dudley Canal Navigation, to join and communicate with the River Severn. at or near a Place called Digits, near to the City of Worcester \ and that by Means of such Cut or Canal a better and more certain Communication than at present would be opened for the Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize between the Ports of Bristol and Hull, and also between the Town of Birmingham, the large Manufactories in the Neighbourhood thereof, and the Cities of Worcester, Clou-cester, and Bristol, and the several other intermediate Parts; and the Counties of V/orcester, Ckucester, Wilts, and Berks, will be supplied with Coals from the large and extdilfive Coal Mines, lying upon the Line of the Stourbridge, Dudley, and Birmingham Canals, in a more constanc ami regular Manner thati at present, and many other Benefits would result to the Public therefrom: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the said Stourbridge Canal Navigation, or from the said Dudley Canal Navigation, to join and communicate with the said River Severn, at or near Diglis aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Ward, &c: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Re* cords.

8° Februariu

fcrivnngharn A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are ftNd Ftntioa. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in doing which a considerable Debt hath been contrafted, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually amended, widened, and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, or wholly repealed, and other Powers granted; and that, from the Nature of the Country through which the said Road patties, it will be necessary, in some Places, to vary and alter the Course thereof, and to purchase Lands, as well for those Purposes, as for widening the old Road in several Parts, for the effecting of which it is requisite that the Tolls by the said Acts granted and continued should be increased: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid, in such Manner, and under such Re- gulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee; and that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George Augustus William Shuck, &c.: And they are to

meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons,. Papers, and Records.

l*o.rkridg. A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are CaaaiPttitioa. thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read* Setting forth, Thjtt it appears, by Levels and

A Petition of George Bi/Jjop, of Maidjltne, Distiller, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner having established at in Kent,a Manufactory for the making of Geneva, of,

the same Sort as that manufactured in Holland, has been indulged by Act; of Parliament with particular Exemptions from the general Rules and Regulations of the Excise Laws, to enable him to carry on the said Manufactory; and that the Term of the said Exemption is near expiring, and, owing to the high Duty paid by the Petitioner, he has on Hand a large Quantity of Geneva, although he has been obliged, for wane of a Sale, to discontintie working for upwards of Six Months; and that the Regulations under which the Petitioner is now obliged to Work, and the high Duties he is charged with, have proved to be such as to prevent his carrying on his Trade, whereby he is greatly prejudiced, and the public Revenues diminished: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of the Exemption above mentioned, and that the Petitioner may have such Relief, with respect: to his Method of Working, and the Amount of his Duties, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Anthony Bourboulon de Bor.euil, on Behalf of himself and his Partner Matthew was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the present Method of bleaching Cloths made of Flax, Hemp, and Cotton, is attended with a very great Expence, both of Time, Land, and Money, bc-fides the Hazard of their being stolen, or damaged by the Length of Time they are exposed on the Bleaching Grounds j and that the Petitioners have, after great Study and Trial, invented and perfected a Liquor made from native Salt, whereby such Cloths are thoroughly whitened in a very lhort Space of Time, and without any Risque , and they have also invented

Mr. ‘Bishop’j Petition.

Mr. Bourbo» Jon de Bo-neuil's Petition.

28 Geo. III. 8° Februa203

and perfected a Foil'll Alkali from native Salt, similar in all Respects, and which will answer all the valuable Purposes to the several Manufactories requiring the Use of it, as the belt Sal Sodie extracted from Barilla, an Article which has hitherto been necessarily imported from Foreign Countries; and that the Petitioners have exhibited several Experiments of their Whitening Liquor, and have Certificates of its Eftcdts, under the Hands of those who have been present at Rich Process, as also a Certificate from an eminent Chymilt in London, with whom some of the Alkali was deposited for Analyzation, approving of its Powers; and that the above Procelfes are entirely new in this Kingdom, and the Petitioners are willing, and delirous, to establish their Manufactory in Britain, provided they shall, in Consideration of the great Expence they must necessarily incur, in extensive Buildings and other Requisites, be secured in the full and exclusive Possession of their Invention for a longer Term of Years than rre usually granted by Royal Patents, and shall have an Allowance, in respect of the Duties they must pay upon the Materials used by them; and that the Petitioners are willing, and desirous, that a full and perfcCt Specification of their several Procelfes may be registered in the proper Offices, within such Time as shall be limited: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Browne's Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to the House,

Name Bill according to Order, a Bill for enabling indented, V/ylde, and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Browne,

V:' late of Caugbuy,in the Parish of Barrow, in the County

Fr- of Salop, Widow, deceased: And the same was re-

ceived } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition for re- The House being informed that the Sheriffs of the gul.iting the City of London attended at the Door; they were called of Veflefs in°* *n > and, at the Bar, presented to the House, the Port of A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and London. Commons, of the City of London, in Common Council assembled.

And then they withdrew.

And the said Petition was read; Setting forth. That, by virtue of, and under, divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by several Acts of Parliament, the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens of the City of London, have had and exercised, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about, the Water of Thames (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlejand, towards the Eall, unto London Bridge, and from thence to a certain Place, called Kendall ,otherwise Tenland, otherwise Tenlcet, towards the Sea, and East, and in Medway, and in the j‘;! Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Shore, and upon every c#i Wharf, of the same Water of Thames, within the Li-

- mits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about, all and every of them, and also for all the Time aforesaid, have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits, belonging to the said Office; and that, from the in-1

creased Navigation on the River Thames, and the want of proper Regulations in the Mooring and Stationing of Ships and Vessels in the Port of Louden,

’great Inconveniences and Lois of Property arc frequently luitained by the Merchants and Ship Owners; and that the Petitioners are advised, and believe, that Regulations are proper and necessary to be made, ro remedy those Inconveniences, and, in order to rarry v

the same into Execution with full Fife61', it will be necessary to purchase the Chains for Mooring Ships and Vessels in and upon the said River, and to clta-biilh a Nightly Watch, for the Protection of the Lives and Properties of all Persons concerned in Navigation *- within certain Parts of the Port of; and, the

Petitioners conceive, the present Conservatorial Powers are not sufficient effectually to remedy the several Inconveniences aforesaid: And therefore praying, Thac Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Purchase of the said Chains, for the better regulating the Mooring of Ships and Vessels, for the Salety and Improvement of the Navigation of the said River, and to establish a Nightly Watch for the Protefrion of Persons and Property, within such Limits, and with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and reporc the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Alderman Wation, Sir Walkin Lewes, &c.: And they are to meet upon day Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition* frrm thereunto subscribed, being Lightermen and Water-men within the Port of London: And also, ship.in favour

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are of the P.-mion thereunto subscribed, being Captains or Mailers of \"‘e ^"prir"^ Ships and Vessels frequenting the Port of London; &c. of Vciix*

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Londou°rt Taking Notice of the last preceding Petition, and praying, That the Bill lo prayed for by the said Petition may be passed into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of several Proprietors of Lands, Copper Swarfcj Hi*. Works, and Collieries, in and near the Port of Jea, in the County of Glamorgan, and of several other Persons concerned in the Trade and Navigation of the said Port, was presented to the House, and read;

Setting forth, That many extensive Copper Smelting Houses and Coal Works are established at and near the said Port, whereby the same is become a principal Port of Trade, and a considerable Nursery for Seamen; and that the Navigation of the said Port is much obstructed by Sand, Stone, and other Rubbish, thrown up by the Sea, or waffied down by Land Floods, and otherwise improperly suffered to remain in the said Port; and that the deepening of the Bar and River of the said Port, with proper Directions for laying down of Ballast, and regulating the Pilotage of the said Port, and for the Moorage, and Safety, and Docking of Vessels therein, together with the Erection of a Pier, Quays, or Embankments, and other Works, at the Mouth and the Sides of the fame, will tend not only to preserve, but to increase, the Trade and Shipping of the said Port: And therefore praying.

That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for effectuating the Purposes aforesaid, with such Powers, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the

Consideration

8® Februa’

1788.

Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- such fair Allotments and Compensation for their feve-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it ral Rights, in respect of their distinct Claims, as the shall appear to them, to the House: -House shall think fit: And therefore praying, Thae

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, Sir Herbert Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for inclosing Mackworth, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday the said Commonable and Waste Lands, with such Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Clauses, under such Conditions and Restrictions, and Chamber i and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- with such Reservations of Right to all Parties inte-pers, and Records. rested, as the House shall think fit.

', That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

etition for A Petition of the Owners of Estates in the several pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that PudtiTn the*' Counties of Denbigh and Flint, on Behalf of them- Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George William

Port oVchef- selves, their Tenants, and others, was presented to the Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

House, and read; Setting forth, That from Time out

of Mind it has been customary to ship Coals at certain Lord George reported from the Commit- Man»ficM

Collieries in the Neighbourhood of Parkgate, in the tee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Road Rtti,io County of Chester, and Mojlyn,in the County of Flint, Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees ap- *

and carry such Coals Coastwise, and land them on the pointed by or in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Flintshire Side of the River Foryd, which lies within Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King the Port of Chester, for which Coals no Coast or other George the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing Duties were ever demanded, nor the Persons con- " and widening the Road from the Mansfield and cerned required to take Clearances or Dispatches of " Chejlcrfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile any Kind, till about Seven Years ago, when the Com- " Stone from , through emple-Normanton,

missioners of the Customs gave Directions to their " New and , to Bunting

Officers to charge a Duty of Five Shillings and Six " Field Nock, in the Parish of in the County

Pence upon every Chaldron of Coals so carried, which " of Derby," was referred; That the Committee had Duty has been charged accordingly, and collected examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the fmcethat Period, and Vessels occasionally employed House, of the 25th of April, 1774, relative to Turn-in that Trade are now necessitated to take Clearances pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the at the Port of Chester, before they proceed to carry Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti-Coals in Manner above stated, the Consequence of tien; and had directed him to report the fame, as it which has been, that so high a Duty operates as a great appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Check to Agriculture, inasmuch as it in Fast amounts Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at - to a Prohibition of the Use of Coal for the Purpose the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is of burning Lime, exclusive of other Inconveniences as followeth} viz.

resulting from the Want of it for DomefticUfes: And To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the therefore praying the House to take the Premises into said Act was read: And

Consideration, and that Leave may be given to bring John , Esquire, being examined, said. That

in a Bill to lower the Duties imposed upon the Im- the Trustees had made great Progress in repairing the portation of Coals at the River Foryd, and that the said Roads, for which Purpose they had borrowed a Petitioners may have such further and other Relief as considerable Sum of Money, which cannot be repaid, to the House shall seem meet. nor the Roads be properly amended, unless the Term

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the and Powers of the said Act be continued and cn-Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa- larged.

mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for shall appear to them, to the House: enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, parted in

And it is referred to Sir Watkin Lewes, Mr. Alder- the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty man Wation, &c.: And they are to meet upon Mon- King George the Third, for repairing and widening day Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield,

Persons, Papers, and Records. through ‘temple-Ncrmanton, tup ton New Inclosure, and

Birkin Lane, to Buntingfield Nook, in the Parish of Kaye Hill,&r» A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Ashover, in the County of Derby: And that Lord inciofurePc- thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, Lord Edward -‘t.1®* others, intitled to Right of Common, upon certain tand Mr. Medows, do prepare, and bring in, the Commonable Lands and Grounds, lying within the same.

Parish and Precincts of Birmingham, in the County of

Warwick, called Kaye Hill, Birmingham Heath, and Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, /ufretonRod

Gibb Heath, and other the Waste Lands lying within to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Petition ra-

the said Parish, was presented to the House, and read; Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees ap- ported* Setting forth. That there are, within the said Parish pointed by or in pursuance of an Act, passed in the and Precincts, several Hundred Acres of Common- Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King able and Waste Lands, at present of very little Value, the Third, intituled, "An Act for repairing

either to the Proprietors of extensive Farms and Ef- " and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike tates, lying within the said Parish, and others, intitled " Road, near a Place called Little Robin's, in the

€0 Rights of Common upon the said Hill, Heath, and " Parish of Mansfield, in the county of,

Waste, or to the Public, owing to the same not being " through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike inclosed; and that, if such Commonable and Waste " Road near in the County of Derby, and

Lands were inclosed, it would be extremely beneficial " from Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road to the Petitioners, and all others, the Owners of ,f,at in the said County of was re-

Lands, having Right of Common thereupon, and to ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found the Public; and that the Petitioners are extremely that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th desirous that the Rights of the Ladies of the Manor, of April, 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been the Owner of the Warren, and the Rector of the Pa- complied with; and that the Committee had examined xilh Church of the said Parish, shall be preserved to the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him ham in their fullcft Extent, and that they shall have to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the

{ Housej


2.8 Geo. III. 8b Februarii. ing

i t -

House j and he read the Report in his Place; and af- Town of in the County of , and thereby

| terwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Distance of the Road between and Flint

the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. will be shortened Two Miles and upwards, and very

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the considerable Hills between and aforesaid Act was read: And, said will be avoided, by which Means the public Mails

Mr. JoJefb Gregory being examined, said. That the from London to will be expedited, and a full

j Trustees have made great Progress in repairing the Hour may be saved in the Time of their Travelling

' said Roads, and have borrowed several Sums of Money between and Holywell: And therefore praying;

upon the Credit of the Tolls; that the same cannot That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for be- repaid, nor the said Roads compleated and kept amending, repairing, widening, diverting, altering, in Repair, unless the said Act, which has expired, making, and keeping in Repair, such Highway, in

be revived, and the Powers thereof are continued and such Manner; and under such Restrictions and Limi.

enlarged. tations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame; as it of His present Majesty King George the Third, for shall appear to them, to the House: repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton And it is referred to Mr. Bootle, Mr.

Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin's, in Ord, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morn-the Pari lb of Mansfield\in the County of Nottingham, ing next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Chamber; and have Power jo fend for Persons, Pa-Road, near Tanfley, in the County of Derby, and from Pers> and Records.

Woolley Moor to the Chesterfield Turnpike Road at.

Kelftidge, in the said County of Derby: And that Lord A Petition of several of the Trustees, bn Behalf of George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, Lord Edward B entirek, themselves, and other the Trustees, for putting in and Mr. Medows, do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign

of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for con-A Petition of several Gentlemen and Landholders " tinuingfo much of an Act, passed in the 13th Year of the County of Dumfries,was presented to the House, of King George the Second, intituled, An Act for

and read; Setting forth. That the High Road lead- " making more effectual Two Acts of Parliament, ing from Dumfries by the new Bridges over the Wa- " passed in the Seventh and Tenth Years of her late ters of JE and Kinnell to Moffatt, has lately been, in Majesty Queen Anne, for preserving and enlarg-most Places, put into good Repair by Money ad- r< ing the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County vanced out of the public Funds of the County, and by " of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending sundry Heretors, through whose Lands the same runs, tr the High Roads leading to the said Harbour and but several Parts thereof require yet to be more tho- " Town of Whitehaven, as relates to the preserving roughly repaired, and sundry Bridges are necessary to and enlarging of the said Harbour," and also of an be erected thereon, and there are no proper Funds Act, passed in the Second Year of His Majesty’s sufficiently to repair, widen, and keep in Repair, the Reign, intituled, K An Act for enlarging the Term said District of Road in Time coming: And therefore " and Powers of several Acts of Parliament relating to

Jiraying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill " the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Oumov the Purposes aforesaid. _ " berland, and to the Roads leading to the said Har-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the " bour and Town of Whitehaven; and for further Consideration of a Committee: And that they do ex- larging the said Harbour; and for lighting tiio amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it " said Town, and supplying the same with Water; shall appear to them, to the House: " and for regulating the Carmen there; and for re-

And it is referred to Sir James Johnfione, Sir John " pealing so much of an Act of the 23d Ytar of die Sinclair, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday " Reign of his late Majesty as relates to the Road Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's " from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, " the said Road shall be repaired, and for repairing and Records. *c several other Roads therein-mentioned in said

" County," was p'resented to the House, and read;

A Petition of ’Thomas Williams, John Wtlkinson, and Setting forth. That, in pursuance of the said Two' Edward Jones, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and Acts, passed in His present Majesty’s Reign, great' others. Proprietors of Lands in the County of Flint, Sums of Money have been expended conformable to and in the Town of Flint, was presented to the House, the Powers thereby given, to the Improvement of the and read; Setting forth. That the public Highway, said Harbour and Roads; but the Petitioners cannot: , leading from the City of Chester to the Town of enlarge the said Harbour, nor effectually keep the.

» in the County of Flint, beginning in the Township of fame, and the said Roads, in sufficienr Repair, without

Saltney,in the Parish of Hawarden, in the same County, additional Powers and further Time be given by Par-" at the Distance of Two Miles and a Half, or therea- liament for so doing: And therefore praying, That

bouts, from Chester aforesaid, is much out of Repair, further Powers may be given the Enlargement,

and in many Places narrow, and very circuitous, and lengthening, and repairing, the' said Harbour and

passing along the Coast of the Estuary of the River Roads, and making such further Alteration in the

' Dee is miry, deep, broken, obstructed by deep Gut- said recited Acts, and in such Manner as to the House

ters, and Overflowed by the Tide of the Sea, inlomuch shall seem meet.

that Carriages cannot travel it, and many Parts thereof , That the said Petition be referred to the

are dangerous, and frequently impassable, and the said Consideration a Committee: And that Highway cannot be effectually amended, repaired, mine the Matter and report the fame, as it

widened, diverted, altered, made, and kept in Re- shall appear to them, to the House: pair, by the ordinary Course of Law; and that the same And it is referred to Mr. Garforth, Mr. may be advantageously diverted, and a safe, level, Lowther, &c.: And they are to meet upon Mc-vday useful, and necessary Highway may be made to the ' Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's said Town of Flint, where it will join a Turnpike^ Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa-Road, already made, leading from thence to the pers, and Records.

Vou XLIII. jG A Petition

©umfricsRoad

Petition.

Chester and Flint Road Petition*

While haten

Hathour ai\l Road Petition*

j

V

106 8 Februarii. 1788.

incu^0"* A Petition of several of the Owners of Lands and T e- pernicious Consequences of these unjust and illiberal Petition? tiements within the Manor and Township of Featberftone, Systems have not only affected the Liberty and Poli-in the West Riding of the County of York,was presented tical Government of Boroughs, their baneful Influ- to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is, ence has also extended to every Branch of the Admi-within the said Manor and Township, a certain Parcel' nistration, and has contributed to prevent or render of Waste Ground, called Featberftone Mcor,containing fruitless the Execution of Statutes made for the very 450 Acres, and upwards, whereon the Petitioners and Protection of the Revenues of Boroughs, reducing others have Right of Common, and there are also fe- them to Poverty and Distress by gross Misapplications, veral Open and Uninclosed Fields; and that the said and Dilapidations of their Revenues and Property, Waste Ground and Open Fields, in their present Situ- and by enormous Contractions of Debt: Impressed as ation, are incapable of Improvement, but, if inclosed, the Petitioners are with the warmest Attachment to the and divided into specific Allotments, would be of Constitution of their common Country, and to the

more equal and general Advantage to all Persons interestCd therein: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and in-doling the said Waste Ground and Open Fields, in such Manner as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. John Smyth, Mr. and Mr. Wilber force,

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Qwft.Neg. for A Petition of Mr. John Palmer, praying for Leave MrfptUan'i to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a petition. Theatre in The Tower Hamlets, being offered to be presented to the House;

And the Question being put. That the said Petition be brought up}

It passed in "the Negative.

Petitions from A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, ttre'lortw*'* Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inha-Condilutions bitants of the Royal Borough of in that’Part

of Great Britain called was presented to the

su.Gialgiw. House, and read; Setting forth. That the ancient Constitutions of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland poffefifed a very high Degree of Freedom, the whole Magistrates, such as the Mayors, otherwise called Pro-volts, and the BailUes, otherwise called Aldermen, and also the Town Councils, having been erected Annually by the Free Suffrage of the Burgesses, otherwise called the Honest Men of the Borough, but, by several Acts passed in the Parliament of Scotland in and polte-rior to the Year 1469, the ancient Constitution of the Royal Boroughs was fundamentally overturned, the Freedom of the Burgesses invaded, and Systems of Government established in the Boroughs of Scotland, which enabled Men once in Possession of Power to retain it for ever, by repeated Re-elections of themselves or their Friends, and Dependants; local Usages like-wife, altogether inconsistent with the Rights of the Burgesses, have established Institutions, whereby not only Persons thus self-elected, but also Persons without Residence, without Property, without Trade, without Interest of any Kind, in Boroughs, may for any Length of Time enjoy the important Offices of Magistrates, and Councillors; and, to these local Institutions, created by Usage in direct Opposition to the inherent Rights of the Burgesses, the Decisions of the Courts of Justiceeven in the last Resort have given the Force and Authority of Laws: Evident Violations therefore of the Liberties of the Burgesses, created by Statutes, and local Institutions, confiding in nothing but Abuses and Deviations from Law and Right, pervade throughout the Government of Bordughs; those direct Infringements of Liberty, and these gradual Corruptions of Time and of Usage, now matured into Systems, compose those partial and absurd Establishments in Boroughs, which have become not only the Subjects of the belt- founded Complaints, but also the Objects of very general Reproach; they are only veiled and protected by a popular Name, for they are called the Constitutions of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland; of this corrupt Formation, particularly, is the Sett or Constitution of she said Borough of Glasgow, and the

Person and Family of their Sovereign, it is with deep Regret, but with a lively Hope of obtaining Redress of their Grievances, that they find themselves under the Necessity of approaching the House in the Language of Complaint: In conveying their Sentiments on Subjects so important, the Petitioners have deemed it incumbent on them, and becoming the Dignity and Wisdom of the House, to support their Assertions by Authorities derived from the indisputable Evidence of Statutes, the ' Constitution of their Borough, or notorious Usage j from these Authorities the Petitioners conceive themselves entitled to affirm, and to represent to the House, inverted as it is with a Constitutional Power of affording Redress, that they labour under very great and intolerable Grievances, not only in relation to the Election of the Magistrates, and Common Councils of the said Borough, and the Administration of the Property and Annual Revenues of the fame, buc as being materially interested in the Prosperity and Independence of all the other Royal Boroughs of Scotland , and that the Petitioners rely with the firmed Confidence on the Wisdom and Justice of the House, that for these very deep and, intolerable Grievances they shall receive that Redress which their Nature and evil Tendency so loudly demand, and which it is natural for them to expect from the Spirit and Liberality of Men, whose Dignity and Power confessedly originate in the Consent and Authority of the People: And therefore the Petitioners, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the said Borough of Glasgow, having by fatal Experience, and daily Observation, been impressed with the deep-eft Sense of the pernicious Effects of the present Systems of Borough Government, in relation to the Liberty, Police, Revenue, Trade, and whole Administration of the Affairs of Boroughs, particularly of the said Borough of Glasgow, are thereby impelled to make the- present Application to the House, in order to have these Systems altered, corrected, or amended, in all the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, in such Way and Manner as to the House shall appear proper for removing the Evils complained of, and request that the House do allow Counsel to be heard in Support of the Subject Matter of this I^tition.

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and, Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Irvine, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Ayr, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Dumbarton, in that Part of Great Britain called And

also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Dundee, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland , And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants

1

Irvine*

Ay

Dumbarton

Dundee*

Kaim.

Anstruth^r

Wetter.

PSttenweem.

Banff.

Inverarie*

Inverntft*

Elgin*

Anttruther

Batter.

Haddington*

Brechinc.

Aberbrothock.

Kilrenny.

Montrose.

Aberdeen.

Penh.

Cra.il.

Inverkeithing.

Dunbar.

Dyfait.

bicants of the Royal Borough of in that Part

of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Anstruther in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of in that

Part of Great Britain called And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Banff, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the Royal Borough of Inverurie, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Inverness, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Elgin, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Easter,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Haddington, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of,

in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Kilrenny, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Montrose, in that Part o f Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Freeholders, Traders, and Manufacturers, Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Aberdeen, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Perth, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Crail, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland:And also, A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Inverkeithing, in that Part of Great Britain called And

also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Dunbar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being In-

habitants of the Royal Borough of Dyfcrt, !n that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Dunfermline. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Dunfermline, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Linlithgow. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being In-habitanti of the Royal Borough of Linlithgow, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Kirkcaldy. Heritors, Traders, or Manufacturers, Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Kirkcaldy, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Lanark. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Lanark, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Peebles. Heritors, and Traders, or. Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Peebles, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Kinghorn. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of in that,

Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Cvpar. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Cupar, in Fife, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: Ajid also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, stranmer. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Stranraer, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Sanquhar. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Sanquhar, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, BurgelTes, Annan. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Annan, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Whitehom. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Whitehom, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Dumfiiw. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough o in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Lochmabe.. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Burgh of Lochmaben, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Kirkcud-Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being In- br,sht* habitants of the Royal Borough of Kirkcudbright, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, Wigtouo. Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being In- ' habitants of the Royal Borough of , in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland;

Were severally presented to the House, and read}

Containing the same Allegations, and Prayer, as the last preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Burgesses of the Burgh of , Form, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That in the said Burgh, where the Number of Inhabitants, and

4 Extent

2o8 8° Februarii. 1788.

Extent of the Territories, are considerable, there are frequent Occurrences which call for the unremitced Attention of Magistrates, and require the immediate Direction and Authority of Council: In such Cases it would seem highly requisite, that the Magistrates and Members of the Council should be strongly attached to, and connected with, the Interest of the Community, and that their Situation in Life should be such as might admit of diligent Application thereto: This, it is humbly conce’^ed, can only happen where the Magistrates and Councillors are Inhabitants, and where their Election depends on the Voice of the resident BurgelTes: The Petitioners have observed, with serious Regret, that none of these Privileges are enjoyed by the BurgelTes of Forres: The Council con-fifts/>f no less than Seventeen in Number, only One Third of them Inhabitants, and several of the Members live at the Distance of xoo Miles from the Town: These Gentlemen, by a Majority of their Number, without the Concurrence of any other Burgess, Annually choose their Successors, or, rather, re-elect themselves, and, as it is only for the Purpose of an Election that a legal Quorum can be collected, the Consequence is, that no due Attention can be paid to the Administration of Justice, or to the Management of any Part of the public Business: And, the Petitioners conceive, that these, and many Grievances of a more private Nature which they have experienced, have taken their Rife from the unprecedented Mode of electing the Magistrates and Council, which, inllead of'an Election, is merely an Infringement on the Rights of the BurgelTes, and contrary to the Constitution of the Burgh, quite different from what the Convention of the Royal Boroughs had in View at the Time when the Sett of the Burgh was made: And, with the greatest Deference, they beg Leave to represent, that the ancient Practice, as well as the Principles, of the British Conflicution, countenance these Privileges, as vested in the BurgelTes alone at large: And therefore praying the House take this Petition under Consideration, and grant such Relief as to them may Teem meet.

Edinburgh. A Petition of the BurgelTes and Heritors of the City of Edinburgh, thereto subscribing, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, impressed with a deep Sense of the present arbitrary Manner of electing the Members of the Common Council of the said City, think it a Duty which they owe to themselves, and the Community at large, to apply to the House for Redress, milling, in humble Confidence, that the Wisdom and Justice of the House wiil devise a proper Remedy for the Correction of those Abuses under which the Petitioners now labour; and, for the Information of the House, it may be necessary here to give a general View of the Internal Constitution of the said City: The City of Edinburgh is under the Government and Direction of a Common Council, consisting of Thirty-three Persons, the Members of which Common Council hold their Offices independent of the great Body of Citizens; they were eletfted by their immediate Predecessors in Office, without either the Consent or Af-i’ent of the Citizens, and will, in their Turn, elect their Successors in Office in the same arbitrary Manner; by which Means any Party of Men, who have once got Possession of the Government, may, by electing themselves, or their Adherents, from Year to Year, become the perpetual Governors of this Community; besides, the said Common Council, being subjeci to no Controul in the Management of the public Business and public Revenues, may adb in any Manner suitable to their Inclinations, they may abuse their Power, they may embezzle or misapply the City Revenue, and, however odious they should render themselves to the Citizens at large, they can, by the present Method of Election, keep Possession of the Government of the City, in Spite of every Effort to remove them; and that this is a Short but faithful Representation of the arbitrary Nature of that System of Election and Government which now prevails in the said City, and the Petitioners wish not to trouble the House with any Argument upon the Subject; the pernicious Consequences of such a Syllem mull be obvious to every difeerning Mind, its injurious Effedts in relation to the Liberty of the Citizens, the Police, Revenue, Trade, and Administration of the Affairs of the City, are feverelv felt by the whole Community: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into Consideration, and to devise a Remedy for altering, amending, and enlarging the present narrow and arbitrary System of Election and Government of the said City, in such Manner and Way as may communicate to the BurgelTes and Heritors thereof, who are the constituent Body of the Community, a Right to elcdl the Magistrates and Counsellors, who are in future to be entrusted with the Direction and Management of the Internal Government, Revenue, and Police of the said City.

A Petition of the BurgelTes and Inhabitants of the Jwlburjk. Burgh of Jedburgh, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners, feeling in common the bad Consequences resulting from the present Mode of Government and Administration of the public Funds, that obtain in this and the other Royal Burghs of Scotland,think it incumbent upon them to join with their Fellow BurgelTes in the other Towns, in an Application to Parliament for Redress of their Grievances: These are Hated in a Bill prepared to be submitted to the Consideration of Parliament oh that Subject, and in the Memorial and II-lustration with which the Members of the House will be furnished, to which the Petitioners beg Leave to refer: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and afford such Redress and Relief of the Grievances complained of, as to them shall seem proper.

A Petition of the Heritors and BurgelTes of His Kimor*. Majesty’s ancient Royal Burgh of , was like-

wife presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, in the said ancient and Royal Burgh, the Elections of Magistrates and Counsellors, and also of the Election of the Representative in Parliament, are so conduced, that the Petitioners are entirely precluded and^ deprived of that Birthright and Constitutional Privilege which, as Heritors and BurgelTes, they might reasonably hope to enjoy; and that the Petitioners beg Leave to inform the House of the Manner in which these Eleflions are conducted, and wherein they are so deeply interested and concerned: The Council of the said Burgh consists of Thirteen Gentlemen, Eleven of whom are BurgelTes, and reside within the Burgh, and Two at the Distance of several Miles:

These Annually elect, by a Majority of their Number, their Successors in Office, or more frequently re-elect themselves, and have the absolute Power in directing everyMatter relating to the Government of the Burgh:

The Council also eletfl the Delegate, who, along with the Four Delegates from the Burghs of , Banff,

Cullen, and Inverurie, appoint the Representative in Parliament for the Five Burghs which compose this Distriift, from whence it appears, that the Petitioners have not the moll indiredl Representation, either in this House, or in the Burgh where they reside, and the Petitioners conceive such Mode of Election to be contrary to the generous Spirit of the British Constitution, the Rights of Freemen and loyal Subjects: And therefore praying the House to take this Petition into their Consideration, and grant such Relief as will emancipate the Petitioners from their political Slavery, and to restore diem the free Enjoyment of the Right of Suffrage, which their Forefathers possessed, but

whicE

28 Geo. III. 8° Feima 209

which they at present'are precluded the just Exercise of.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Parishioners, Owners, Inhabitants, and Proprietors of Houses, Buildings, Tenements, and Personal Estates, within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County of whole

Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Reciting an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Church in the Town of Liverpool, for enlightening and cleansing the

Streets of the said Town, and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there; and Setting forth. That, since the making of the said Act, the said Town is exceedingly increased in Extent and Population, in-so much that Sixty Watchmen, by the said Act appointed, are now by no Means adequate to watch and go over the several Districts or Divisions of the said Town, although the Money, which the Commissioners are enabled to raise by virtue of the said Act, is fully sufficient for a much larger Number of Watchmen,1 without laying any greater Tax upon the Inhabitants of the said Town for that Purpose; and that it would also, as the Petitioners conceive, be very conducive to the said Service, if the Commissioners had Power given them Yearly to choose some substantial and fit Inhabitant of the said Town to be a Cashier or Treasurer, and a Clerk under him, with a reasonable Salary, for the Purpose of keeping the Accounts, receiving the several Collections of the Taxes for that Service, paying for Lamps, Oil, and Materials, the Watchmens Wages, and all other Incidents, which Power, by the said former Act, is not, in express Words, given; and that by another Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and altering, certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the said Town, it is enacted, that no Person shall begin to empty any Boghouse, or take away any Night Soil, Butcher’s Offals, Pig Muck, or other offensive Matter, from any House or Place, within or near to any of the Streets, Lanes, or other Places, in the said Town or Liberties, before the Hour of Twelve in the Night, or continue to take away the same after the Hour of Eight in the Morning, from Michaelmas to Lady Day, or after the Hour of Five in the Morning from Lady Day> or if any Person should put or cast any such out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the said Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Places, or convey any such Night Soil, Butcher's Offals, Pig Muck, or other offensive Matter, in any Tub, Cart, or Carriage, along or through any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, or Passages, at any other Time than within the respective Hours aforesaid, every such Person Should forfeit any Sum not exceeding Ten Shillings; and that the Petitioners have observed that , a strict Adherence to the said Clause hath been attended with much Disturbance in the Night Time, and other Inconveniences to the Inhabitants of the said Town, which the Petitioners conceive might be redressed, if the same was repealed, and the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough were impowered to fix proper Times for the doing and performing such like Business as to them in Sessions met Should, from Time to Time, seem necessary and convenient: And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for extending and enlarging the Powers of the Commissioners in the first Act mentioned, so as to enable them to appoint such Number of Watchmen as they may, from Time to Time, judge requisite to be a Nightly Watch for the said Town, to repeal the Clause in the said last Act mentioned, and to enable the Justices of the Peace for the said Borough Yql. jCUII.

to appoint seasonable and convenient Times for the Purposes before mentioned, in such Manner, and under such Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be teferrcd to the Confederation of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Gas the Lord rbyn, &c: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Commissioners for paving, watch- SoutWuk ing, cleansing, and lighting the East Division of the p*"ng Ptti Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act, passed in thf Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for paving the Streets and Lanes " within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and ct certain Parts adjacent in the County of Surrey, and " for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and

" also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances ft therein," Two Districts or Divisions are thereby appointed, one whereof is, by the said Act, directed to be called the East Division; and by an Act, passed in the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, to explain and amend so much of the said former Act as relates to the Commissioners of Sewers, and for regulating the Manner of taxing Churches and other public Buildings within the Limits of the said Act, certain Doubts touching the same are explained; and that, since the passing of the said Acts, Doubts have arisen touching the Limits and Boundaries of the East Division, in the said Act mentioned, and also touching the Construction of the said Acts, as to the Sewers intended to be comprized therein; and that the Monies arising by the Rates, made in pursuance of the said Act, have not been found adequate to the Purposes thereof, and a Place called Snow's Fields, the greater Part of the Parish of Saint John, and many other principal Streets and Lanes within the said Division, and by the said first-mentioned Act directed to be paved, dill remain unpaved, dangerous, and almost impassable; and that the principal Streets and Avenues of the said Division are very narrow and incommodious, and many of them without even a Footway, whereby frequent Accidents are occasioned to Foot Passengers, and Traffick is greatly incommoded, and the Petitioners are not impowered to widen any of the Streets within their said Jurisdiction:

And therefore praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to alter, explain, and amend the said Two several Acts of Parliament, and to reduce the same into One Act, as far as relates to or concerns the East Division in the said Act mentioned, to ascertain the true Limits and Boundaries of the said East Division, for granting further Powers to the Commissioners appointed and to be appointed for putting the said Acts into Execution, to enable the said Commissioners to widen and regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the said East Division, and for the Removal of present, and preventing of future. Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Norton, Sir Joseph Maw-bey, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

3 H Mr,

Exeter Poor Petition reported.

no 8° ' Februarii. 1788.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom lief of the Poor of the City and County, of the City the Petition of the Governor, Deputy Governor, Af- of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in

fistants, and Guardians of the Poor of the City and the Twenty-fifth. Year of the Reign of His present County of Exon, under their Common Seal, was refer- Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of red j That the Committee had examined the Matter of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses the said Petition; and had directed him to report the within the said City and County, for the better em-feme, as it appeared to them, to the House;. and he ploying and maintaining the Poor there: And that read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, Sir Charles Warwick Bamp-it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; Jylde, and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the

and is as followeth 5 viz, fame.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of the Reign A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are christChurc* of King William the Third, intituled, "An Act for thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themfislves, and P*mgPeuerecting Hospitals and Workhouses, within the other Commissioners, for putting in Execution an

City and County of the City of Exon, for the better Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Hia " employing and maintaining the Poor there," was present Majesty, intituled, ct An Act for paving, read, whereby it appeared that the Mayor and Alder- " cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the men for the Time being, and 40 Persons, Inhabitants " Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other of the said City, were made a Corporation, as Guar- " public Passages and Places within the Parish of dians of tfye Poor, by the Name of {* The Governor, t( Christ Church, in Middlesex, and for removing NuiDeputy Governor, Assistants, and Guardians of the fances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing Poor of the City and County of Exon And also, " the like for the future, and for paving and regu-an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign " lating such Parts of Lane as are not within of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to ex- the said Parish," was presented to the House, and " plain and amend Two several Acts of Parliament read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners have pro- for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the ceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have " City and County of the City of Exon, for the better incurred a Debt of 1,000 and upwards, which they " employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to are unable to repay, the Rates collected under the " raise further Sums of Money for the more effectu- said Act not producing a Sum equal to the necessary 4t ally carrying the Purposes of the said Acts into Expences by upwards of 200 a Year; and that the " Execution," were read; whereby it appeared that said Act is in other Respects defective, and requires the said Corporation, when their Exigencies required Alterations and Amendments: And therefore pray-it, have borrowed Money on their Bonds, and upon ing. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to their applying to Parliament for that Purpose have explain and amend the said Act, under such Re-been enabled to raise Money for the Discharge of their gulations and Restrictions as to the House shall seem Debts: And . , meet.

The Reverend John Stabbaek being examined, said. Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the That he had been for 33 Years past of the said Cor- Consideration of a Committee: And that they do exa-poration; and that fronvthe Time of his Admission, mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it till about the Year 1782, the People of Exeter were shall appear to them, to the House: in general satisfied with the Conduct of the Corpora- And it is referred to Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Alder- , tien. . man Wilkes, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday

Then an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Pa- to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament pers, and Records.

" for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the

City and County of the City of Exon, for the better A Petition of the Right honourable Lady Juliana L»dyP«nn*«

" employing and maintaining the Poor there; and Penn, on Behalf of herself, and of John Penn, Esquire, *«""*

" to raise further Sums of Money for the better car- the Younger, and of John Penn, Esquire, the Elder,

4t rying the Purposes of the said Acts into Execu- late Joint Proprietaries of the Province of Pensylvania,

tien," was read, whereby it appeared that a new and Territories thereunto belonging, in North -Body of 22 Persons, to be elected as therein men- rica, being offered to be presented to the House; . tioned, was created, and styled " Commissioners," with Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s certain Powers. And then Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

Mr. John Stabbaek, being again examined, said, having been informed of the Contents of the said.

That the said Corporation now owe £. 2,800 and up- Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the wards — that they made Application to the Commis- House.

sioners to raise that Sum, who certified only for Then the said Petition was brought up, and read 1 £. 1,522, but made no Objection to the whole Sum Setting forth. That the said John Penn the Younger, of £.2,800, at that Time, except to One Bill of £. 40, and John Penn the Elder, now resident in North

»nd to Two or Three Over-casts, not amounting to rica, as well by virtue of sundry Grants, derived to 40J. In consequence of their only certifying for them from their late Majesties Charles the Second,

£. 1,522, the Corporation appealed to the Quarter and James the Second (then Duke of York) as pur-Sessions, who, it was thought, could relieve themfuant to divers Family Agreements and Settlements, they determined, that the Sum of £. a,800 Should in that Behalf made, were, at and before the late Re-

be raised; but that Order of Sessions the Court of volution in North America, lawfully seised, namely.

King’s Bench refeinded — -That Doubts have arisen the said John Penn the Elder, the Nephew of the Peon the Construction of other Parts of the said last- titioner, of One undivided Fourth Part, and the said mentioned Act, and very considerable Expences have John Penn the Younger, the eldest Son of the Peti-been incurred on Account of the said Doubts. — And tioner, of the remaining Three undivided Fourth Parts he further said. That the Corporation, for want of of the Province of , and Territories there-

proper Powers being veiled in them by the said Act, unto belonging, in North America, together with all are incapable of properly providing for the Relief of the Rights of Government, Royalties, and Immuni-the Poor. ties, therewith granted and confirmed, in the like

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Proportions, subject to certain Provisions, in Favour for raising further Sums of Money for the better Re- of the younger Children of the Petitioner, and to a

1 certain

s

28 Geo. III. 8° Februarii iii

certain Relit Charge, by way of Jointure, secured highest Question of National Justice, and the utter to the Petitioner; and that in the Year 1779, during Ruin of the Descendants of William Penn: And there-the unhappy Troubles which then prevailed in North fore entreating the Attention of the House to all America,the aforenamed Proprietaries, by an Act of the Matters contained in this her Representation, and Assembly passed in the Province of Pensylvania, were that they will grant to the said Proprietaries, and violently diverted of all their said Charter Rights, and herself, such Relief as to the House may feein of all their Estates in the said Province, some few meet.

Lots of Land, comparatively of inconsiderable Value, Ordered, That the said Petition do lie tipon the

excepted, the new Government engaging to pay for Table.

the same by distant and uncertain Instalments, a Com- 1

pensation framed on no just Estimate, and wholly in- A Petition of the Persons subscribing, for them- Brwiey, inadequate to the Value of the Property of which they selves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners and ^ellnaal. were deprived; and that, during those Troubles, the Inhabitants of the Counties of gnHees*

said Son of the Petitioner was an Infant, and the said marlySutherland, and the Orkney lilancls Feuuen. Son, and Nephew, of the Petitioner, as well as the and Boroughs therein, being offered to be presented Petitioner herself, having at all Times uniformly ap- to the House;

proved themselves loyal Subjects of the Crown of Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Great Britain, and trusting that their Rights and Pro- Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

perties were specifically prorested by the late Provi- having been informed of the Contents of the said Pe-fional Articles of Peace, and that an Opportunity tition, recommends it to the Consideration of the would be afforded them of endeavouring to recover House.

their former Possessions agreeably to those Articles, Then the said Petition was brought up, and read 1 loft no Time in preferring their Application to the Setting forth. That the large and rapid Rivers, called new Government of Penfylvae.ia,requesting a Revisal Bewley, Conon, and run across the Country,

of the late harlh Proceedings against them; and the immediately to the Northward of Invernefsfrom the said Son, and Nephew, of the Petitioner, have been fountains to the EastSea, and iris the lingularCondi-now, by a cantinued residence in America for some 'tien of those Three Rivers to be absolutely without a Years, labouring to bring this Business to a favourable Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Issue, but hitherto without any Effect, their repeated Friths, from which uncommon Circumstance the large Representations on this Subject having now been ut- and populous Northern District above-mentioned i9 terly rejected by the Legislature of Pensylvania, and sometimes utterly inaccdfible, and always reached the Terms of Compensation by the Legislature itself through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with great In-imposed, having never been duly fulfilled; and that conveniency, and not unfrequently with the Loss of the Family of the Petitioner, sensible that Redress Lives; and that the Funds and Abilities of the said was to be fought, in the ffrft Instance, from those by District have been totally exhausted by making long whom they had been aggrieved, and that the Bounty Tracts of good Roads, and constructing numerous t>f Parliament, so nobly extended to American Loy- Bridges, some on large, and others on smaller Streams, alifts, was not to be burthened by improper Applica- without the Assistance hitherto of any public Aid to tiens, have ftudioufiy refrained from pursuing any effect those laborious and expensive Undertakings, in Measures which might reasonably bear that Construe- the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers, tien j and the Petitioner is compelled to represent to Two of which, viz. Bewley and Conon, run partly the House, that the peculiar Circumstances of Delay, through, and partly contiguous to, Two of the most which have arisen from this very Moderation, have considerable of the late forfeited Estates now restored been the true and only Cause why their same has never to the Heirs of the former Proprietors; and that, been brought before the Commissioners appointed during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of by Parliament; and the Petitioner appeals to the the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their House with the greater Confidence, when Ihe reflects Management entered, at different Times, upon va-that, under all the Loflfes which the Empire hath fuf- rious Proceedings for building Bridges on the said tained, there yet remains to the Crown of Great Bri- Rivers of Conon and Bewley, and paying the Expences tain the fairest of her Western Dependencies (the out of the Rents of the said Estates, but those Rents Island of Jamaica) acquired by the Valour and good having been, from Time to Time, otherwise applied,

Fortune of Sir William Penn, and that these Poflef- neither were the said Bridges, nor any other public

fions, of which they are now deprived, were con- Work, carried on upon the said Northern Estates, nor

ferred on the Family of the Petitioner, as the express in that Quarter of the Highlands where they lie, al-

Reward of divers eminent Services performed by him though their Rents were regularly levied for the Pub-'

to the Public; and that the Petitioner is not prepared lie, and were intended by Parliament- for general lm-

in the present Moment to state, to the Satisfaction of provements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters

the House, either the.precise Amount of the Losses o i Scotand that the late Grants of the forfeited

of her Family, or the particular Steps which have Estates are charged with Payment into the Exchequer

been taken for prosecuting their Claims in Pensylvania, in Scotland, of certain Sums, subject to the future Dif-

but Ihe feels so nearly the Distresses to which they position of Parliament, and it being understood to be

are subject, that the conceives it to be her Duty to the Intention of Parliament to dispose of those Sums

submit their same to the House, in firm Persuasion in useful and necessary public Improvements in Scot-

that the same will be candidly received, and that land, the Bridges above-mentioned are conceived to Time will be allowed to the said Proprietaries, now be primary Objects of that Description, as nearly serv-

on their Return to Great Britain, and to the Petition- ing to compleat the only Part that now remains un-

er, to enter fully into a Detail of the Premises, in finished of a Line of Communication from one End

such Manner as the Eloufe shall direct, and the Situa- of the Island to the other, and the Expence of build-

tien of their Affairs may then require; and that the ing the aforesaid Bridges is computed at about

Petitioner entertains too high an Opinion of the Ho- f, 12,000: And therefore praying. That Leave may

nour and Liberality of the Government under which be given to bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum

Ihe has the Happiness to live, to apprehend that any of £. 12,000 of the unexhausted Balance, which is

rigorous Adherence to Parliamentary Forms, of which, subject to the Disposition of Parliament, directed by

in her Situation, (he may well be supposed ignorant, will an Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present

be opposed to the Consideration of this interesting Majesty’s Reign, to be paid into the Court of Ex-

Subject, which involves in it nothing less than the chequer in Scotland, by the several Persons to whom

in 8° Felruarii. . 1788.

the forfeited Estates in Scotland are granted, towards building Bridges over the Rivers Canon, and

Hdmfdale, in North Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir John Sinclair, Sir HeElor Munro, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next^ at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

fu Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars,

If Cambridge die University of Cambridge was presented to the

rtfpefking the , House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, Slue T«de. understanding that Application will soon be made to the House, for the Suppression of the Slave Trade, delire to express their hearty Approbation of so benevolent a Design, and trust, that, in reprobating with just Indignation a Traffick carried on in Violation of every Principle of Humanity and Justice, as well as of the Precepts of the Christian Religion, they aft in perfect Consistency with their Duty as Members of an Establishment dedicated to the Support of Learning and Religion; and that the Petitioners hope, that the Legislature will take this Subject into its most serious Consideration, and adopt such Measures as shall appear most effectual for abolishing a Commerce supported only by Violence and Rapine, and which, by encouraging Treachery, by exciting War, as well as by forcing into Slavery Multitudes of the Inhabitants, desolates a most exrenfive and fertile Country: Commercial Interest can never justify a Crime, nor atone for the Guilt incurred by an Action which Reason and Revelation forbid: But the Petitioners are far from apprehending, that the Abolition of this Traffick will be attended with Consequences detrimental to the State, inasmuch as a firm Belief in the Providence of a Benevolent Creator allures them, that no System, founded on the Oppression of one Part of Mankind, can be beneficial to another: As our excellent Constitution carefully provides for the Happiness, by securing the Freedom, of the rrieanest Subject, the Petitioners are

?erfuaded, that the Legislature will cease to support a 'raffick replete with Misery and Oppression, and that it will readily extend its Protection to the Africans, the most injured and defenceless of our Fellow Creatures: Thus shall this continued' Outrage against Humanity be no longer the Disgrace of our National Character, and the Reproach of our Christian Profession — thus shall Peace be restored to that afflicted and desolated Country, and a friendly Commercial Intercourse enable us to introduce into it the Comforts of social Life, and the Advantages of true Religion.

QuikmPcti- A Petition of the People called Quakers, was also pre-

th°" sb^'n8 ^cntc^ to *he House, and read; Representing the pre-Trade. sent State of the African Slave Trade as being totally repugnant to the Principles of Justice, the Common Rights of Men, and the Dictates of the Christian Religion, in the Conduct whereof the Lives and Happiness of unoffending Millions have been sacrificed to Avarice and Cruelty; and requesting the Attention of the House to so enormous an Evil, and the effectual Suppression of the said Trade.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Scotch Spirit! A Bill for charging an additional Duty on Spirits Duty Bill manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England, (ommitted. was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Orders of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Matter of the Complaint made Yesterday at the Bar by Sir Elijah and for his

Attendance with the Papers and Pamphlet of which he then complained, be now read.

And the said Orders being read accordingly;

Sir Elijah Impey was called in; and, at the Bar, delivered in to the House Two Newspapers, the one intituled, uThe Morning Herald, , Fe-

bruary 6, 1788," and printed by IV. Perryman, at N° 18, Catherine Street, in ‘the j the other intituled, " The Gazetteer, and New Daily Advertiser,

" ftburjday, February 7, 1788," and printed by M.

Say, at N° 10, in Ave Maria Lane, Ludgate Street.

And Sir Elijah Impey informed the House, That the Publisher of the Pamphlet which he Yesterday complained of to the House had, this Morning, given him Assurance that the Publication thereof Should be immediately put a Stop to; and that therefore he, the said Sir Elijah Impey, did not desire to persist in his Complaint against the Publisher of the said Pamphlet.

And then the said Sir Elij Impey was directed to

withdraw.

And the several Paragraphs which had been complained of in the said Newspapers were read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Papers contain a scandalous Libel, grossly reflecting on this House, and the Members thereof, and tending to prejudice the Defence of a Person answering at the Bar to Articles of High Crimes and Misdemeanors exhibited against him by a Member of this House;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Sir Elijah Impey be again called in, and asked. Whether he did not Yesterday complain of another Newspaper besides those which he has now delivered in to the House ?

It passed in the Negative.

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the aoth Day of November 1751, of the Address agreed to by this House to be presented to his Majesty, that he would be graciously pleased to give Directions to his Attorney General to prosecute the Authors, Printers, and Pub-lilher# of a printed Pamphlet, intituled, The same of the Honourable Alexander Murray, Esquire, in " an Appeal to the People of Great Britain, more particularly of the Inhabitants of the City and Liberty ,c of Westminster," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That the said Papers contain a scandalous Libel, grossly reflecting on this House, and the Members thereof, and tending to prejudice the Defence of a Person answering at the Bar to Articles of High Crimes and Misdemeanors exhibited against him by a Member of this House.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring His Majesty that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute the Author or Authors, the Printer or Printers, and the Publisher or Publishers, of the said Libels, in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment for the fame;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " an humble " Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly defiring His Majesty that He will be graciously " pleated to give Directions to His " in order to insert the Word " the" instead thereof.

6 And

House resolvet to adjourn to Monday.

Sir Elijah Impey's Complaint considered.

Address thereupon.

Papers relating to Nundcomar prefen ted.

Papers relating to Nundcomar to be printed*

28 Geo. III.

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question *

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

f Mr. William Wynd- /

Tellers for the Yeas, < bam Grenville, t Mr. Rolle: . [ I09-

Tellers for the Noes, C Mr. Adam, 1 (Sir James Erskine: J [ 37-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, at the End thereof, these Words, " unless they make a similar Apology to Sir Elijah Impey with that which he has already ac- cepted from one of the Printers."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there added;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute the Author or Authors, the Printer or Printers, and the Publisher or Publishers, of the said Libels, in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House being informed that Sir Elijah Impey attended with a Copy of the Paper which had been read by him at the Bar of this House, upon Monday last, purporting to be a Traoflation of a Petition from the -late Rajah Nundcomar, which was laid before the Governor General and Council, by the late Sir John Clavering, in the Month of Auguj 1775;

Sir Elijah Impey was called in j and, at the Bar, presented the said Copy to the House.

Sir Elijah Impey also acquainted the House, that he had brought with him a Fa Simile Copy of the said Paper j and also a Paper containing several Extracts from the Bengal Secret Consultations, of the 14th, 16th, and 30th of Au^uft, and the 4th and nth of September 1775, to which he had referred in the Course of what he had offered to the House upon Monday last, which he was desirous of presenting to the House, if the House thought proper to receive the same.

And thereupon, by the Directions of the House, he delivered in the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Extracts of the Secret Consultations in Bengal, of the 14th and 16th of August 1775, relative to Nundcomar (contained in the printed Books, intituled, " Bengal

21.3.

" Narrative and Appendix," which were presented to the House upon the a6th Day of March 1781) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, ii* die Februarit;

Anno 28* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

THE Earl of Courtoivn reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (humbly desiring His Majesty that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General to prosecute the Author or Authors, the Printer or Printers, and the Publisher or Publishers, of Two Libels, one contained in a printed Newspaper, intituled, " The " Morning Herald, Wednesday, February 6, 1788," the other contained in a printed Newspaper, intituled, " The Gazetteer, and New Daily Advertiser, Thursday, February 7, 1788," in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment for the fame) had been presented to His Majesty j and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy, for the Year 1788: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for thfc Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1788.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the Abstract thereof, and the other Estimate, are as followeth viz.

8° — ii° Februarii.

Vol.XUII. 1 ABSTRACT

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Answer t* Address.

Estimates of Ordinary, and Extra of Navj* presented.

414

110 Februarii. 1788.

ABSTRACT of the Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1788.

N°

i, To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, &c\ the Commissioners of the Navy, with their Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, Instruments, and Contingencies relating

4.

3-

4-

5-

6,

7-

8.

9-

10.

Superannuated Sea Officers Pension s and other Allowances Chatham

► Yards —

31,482

10,604

4,200

3>S85

4>°57

6,126

2,434

4,946

17 16

5

18

16

10

8

7

II}

Deptford — — —

Woolwich — — —

Port/mouth — —

Sheerness — — — 2,434 8 6

Plymouth — - — 4,946 7 8

Muster Mailer, and other Officers of the Out Ports —

Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary — - — __

12. Victuals to Officers and Men serving therein — . — _

13. Charge of Harbour Moorings, and of Harbour Rigging — __

Ordinary Repairs of His Majesty’s Ships in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, 7

Buildings, l£ca. - j

Half Pay to Sea Officers — — - — . __

Bounty to Chaplains ——

Ordinary Charge of the Victualling Establishment — — . __

11

14

>5

16,

17

18. Ordinary Charge of Sick and Hurt Seamen

Total of she Ordinary Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1788 — £.

56,730 14 I 42,087 14

25.351 5 2

4,508 6 11

76,503 2 6

33,096 7 6

62,870 — —

216,445 ——

183,000 — ► — 1,231 17 6

29,135 17 1

6,150 7 —

737,110 12 7

The Total of the Ordinary Estimate of His Majesty’s Navy for the Year 1788, amounts to the Sum of Seven hundred and Thirty-seven thousand One hundred and Ten Pounds Twelve Shillings and Seven Pence. v

Cha‘ Midd Geo. Rogers.

J. Uenflowy

Geo. Marsh. E. Le Gras.

NAVY

g

CQ

N.

CD

Q.

cr

o

O

00

N A V Y OFFICE, 4th 1788.

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of Ships of War, in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1788: Prepared pursuant to Directions from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, signified by Letter jO,h pall, from Philip Stephens, Esqr.

Place where.

Vptford

tFoolwich —

Guns. > Building, or Nature of their Repair. Time when may be Charge of their Total.

chips Names. Taken in Hand. Completed. Hulls, Marts, and Yards. Rigging and Stores.

98 IVindJor Castle — Building — — In Hand — Uncertain — £>' 8,000 £- 7*59° jC* I5>59°

7+ Brunswick — — Building — — In Hand — Uncertain — — r- 14,200 S>2S° 19,450

Sip. 16 New — _ Ordered to be built — - — — 1 _ _ 1,000 1,000

New — Ordered to be built — — — 600 600

32 Thames — — Large Repair — — March 1788 — November 1788 — 6,790 — 6,790

28 Nemesis — — Large Repair — — In Hand — September 1788 — 4,190 2,230 6,420

Sloop At a Iant a — — Large Repair — — In Hand — March 1788 — 1,240 _ 1,240

' Bomb Vesuvius — — Large Repair — — In Hand — February 1788 — 1,220 — 1,220

44 Janus — . — Fitting as a Storeship — July 1788 — December 1788 — 6,400 2,700 9,100

— Guardian — — For completing her Marts and Yards — — . — 170 . — . 170

36 Leda — - — 1 _ For completing her Marts and Yards — — 160 _ 160

— Inconjiant — - — For completing her Marts and Yards — — _ 140 — 140

32 Iris — — For completing her Marts and Yards — _ — 13O — 130

28 Alligator — — For completing her Marts and Yards — - — — . 13O — 130

— Lizard — — For completing her Marts and Yards — _ — I30 — 130

— . Projerpine — — For completing her Marts and Yards — — — 220 — 220

— Triton — — For completing her Marts and Yards — — — I30 — 130

— Circe — — For completing her Marts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores — — 130 65O 780

— Cyclops — — For completing her Marts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores — — ' 230 660 890

Lapwing — — For completing her Marts, Yards, Furniture, an d Stores — — 130 65O 780

98 Boyne — — Building — — In Hand — Uncertain , 12,800 r --- 12,800

— Prince — — Building — — In Hand — February 1788 1,890 3,160 5,050

74, Minotaur — . - — Building — — In Hand — Uncertain — 5 >7 9° — - 5,790

— New . — Ordered to be built — ' _ __ 1,000 — 1,000

Sip. 16 New — — Ordered to be built — _ _ 600 — 600

38 Latona — — f Between Small and Mid- 7 ( dling Repair — J June 1788 — November 1788 — 5>3So 3,79° 9,170

32 Ceres — — Small Repair — — November 1788 — Uncertain — M 5° 1,250 2,800

— . Juno — — Small Repair — — In Hand — June 1788 — 5,680 1,950 7,630

20 Sphinx — Small Repair — — - June 1788 — November 1788 — 4,360 1,460 5,820

44 Mediator — Fitting as a Storeship — - In Hand — - June 1788 — 8,030 1,950 9,980

o

M

o /

14

1-4

Ui

Chatham

Sheerness

n

Portsmouth

74

24

32

24

50

28

Brig

too

Sip. 16 74

64

Sloop

74

5°

Captain

Eurydice —

— *»

Dar.de —

7V/j<?r —

Amphitrite Centurion Mercury

Falcon —

7? 1-977/ George Queen Charlotte New — *

New — *

Conqueror — - —

Marlborough —

Monarch —

Vengeance —

Dictator ——

Excellent —

Rami Hies —

Wifiorious —

Leopard — —

—,) Adamant —

36

32

Sloop

Cutter

Sip. 16

100

98

74

L'Aigle Iphivenia Drake —

Scourre

Kite& —

Prince of Wales New —

New

Britannia

ViRory —

Princess Royal

Courageux -

For completing her Hull, Mads, and Yards —

For completing her Marts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores For completing her Marts and Yards 1 —

For completing her Marts and Yards For completing her Marts and Yards For completing her Marts and Yards For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Sails

Building — — In Hand Building — — In Hand

Ordered to be built Ordered to be built f Between Small and Mid- 7 2 dling Repair — 3

C Between Middling and Large Repair Large Repair Middling Repair Small Repair —

Small Repair —

For completing her Hull, Furniture, and Stores For completing her Rigging and Blocks For completing her Rigging and Blocks

J

and |

November 1788 —

In Hand —

In Hand —

In Hand —

August 1788 —

March 1788

and |

Building — Between Middling Great Repair Small Repair — Small Repair — Small Repair —

Small Repair —

Small Repair —

Building —

Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Between Middling Great Repair Small Repair — — -

Between Small and Mid- 7 dling Repair — 3

Between Middling and Great Repair

and |

In Hand

In Hand

September 1788 February 1788 In Hand September 1788 In Hand

In Hand

March 1788 In Hand In Hand

— |{IQ

Hand

August 1788 Uncertain

Uncertain

ORober 1788

Uncertain August 1788 November 1788 May 1788

Uncertain

September 1788

Uncertain August 1788 February 1788 December 1788 February 1788

Uncertain

Uncertain May 1788 March 1788

May 1788

1 2,670 — 2,670

120 55° 670

20 — 20

20 — 20

60 — 60

IO — 10

— 1,710 1,710

— *j73° 1,730

— 300 300

23,900 6,530 30,430

— 19,500 — 19,500

1,000 — 1,000

500 — 500

— 2,000 — 2,000

— 20,000 3,950 23,950

_ 13,000 3,550 16,550

— 12,000 3,78o 15,780

— 4,000 1,160 5,160

— I,5°° 1,060 2,560

1,460 2,270 3,730

— 1,300 1,300

— 1,300 1,300

— 4,300 — 4>3°o

— 10,900 3,480 14,380

— 2,590 — 2,590

— 4,220 2,650 6,870

—— 54O — 540

—— 1,220 800 2,020

" 540 — 540

— 3,650 970 4,620

1,000 — . 1,00O

600 — 600

— 26,900 900 27,800

— 10,000 ' — 10,000

— 12,590 — 12,590

— 21,000 760 21,760

216 11 ° FebruarA. 1788

c

r*

x

r

Plymouth

— Elizabeth

— Ganges

— Triumph

64 Ardent

— St. Albans

— Stately

74 Heft or

44 Experiment

3 Romulus

98 Glory

80 Cejar

— New

Sip. 16 New

90 Namur

80 Gibraltar

74 Egmont

— Powerful

64 Diadem

3* Andromeda

— Penelope

— Siren

90 Ocean

64 1 Argonaut

o

(O'

i — t-'

CD

Q.

cr

o

Cl

X

Bucklerjhard

I 74 1

Small Repair Small Repair C Between Small and Mid-l dling Repair —

Small Repair Middling Repair Small Repair For completing her Furniture and Stores For completing her Rigging For completing her Sails

June 1788 April 1788

August 1788

February 1788 February 1788 In Hand

Building — — In Hand

Building — — In Hand

Ordered to be built Ordered to be built Middling Repair Between Small and Middling Repair Middling Repair Small Repair Small Repair Small Repair Very Small Repair Very Small Repair For completing her Marts and Yards For completing her Marts and Yards

In Hand

February 1788

In Hand June 1788 April 1788 In Hand April 1788 February 1788

August 1788 June 1788

Uncertain

April 1788 July 1788 March 1788

June 1788 Uncertain

February 1788

December 1788

December 1788 September 1788 June 1788 February 1788 July 1788 April 1788

Total for the Ships in the King’s Yards

ERCHANTS YARD.

- -

| Building _ — Jin Hand — \February 1789

Grand Total for the Ships —

— $>170 — 5,270

5,010 1,890 6,900

— 5,240 — 5,240

— 4,30° — 4>3°°

— 16,040 3.570 19,610

— 4>3°° — 4»3°°

— 1,740 1,740

— 8lO 810

— 140 140

— 8.79° — 1 8,790

— 2,000 — 2,000

1,000 — 1,000

v 600 — 600

— 1,890 " 1,890

— 17 >300 IQ i7»3i°

— 19,020 — 19,020

— 6,000 — 6,000

— 6,750 ' 2,8 3° 9,580

— 1,500 — Moo

— 2,190 a, 19°

—; 3>54° — 3.540

80 — 80

560- — 560

— 405,610 83,030 488,640

17,000 2,360 19,360

422,610 85.39° f 508,000

28 Geo. III. na Februarii. 217

D

eg"

r — h

n'

CD

Q_

cr

Deptford

ll'oohv'ub

Chatham

Sheerness

Portsmouth

Plymouth

Lamleth

Red H

On Works of the Yards.

._ — To building a House for the Second Assistant - ' — — — _-

__ __ Towards carrying on a New Mad Pond and Wharfs on the New Ground - —

__ __ To building Two Malt Houses, with a New Slip to join those at North Side of the South Mall Pond Drain, — . — —

To building an additional Bay of Boat Houses to join the others — — — — > '* i-: "W

To laying the Floor of the New Laying House — — — . — *" — " * — — —

Towards building a New Rope House - ——

To completing the New Hatchelling House — - ’ — — — — . — — > -4-

To completing the New Tarring House - , ——

_ — To completing the New jBoat Houses and Slip - —

_ To completing the New Offices iot the.Officers. . — ——

To building 150 Feet running of Stone Wharf at the North Side of the Mall Pond . ——

To building 165 Feet running of Stone Wharf between the Landing Hulk and South Dock ——

To building 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf on the South Side of the Boat House Channel ________

To building 50 Feet running of Stone Wharf on the North Side of the Boat House Channel — __ __ —

To completing the Joiners and House Carpenters Shops, and Rooms under them ________ —

To building the Boat Storehouses and’Cabins — — _______ __ __ __

To building the Iron Storehouses and Cabins — _ — — . — . — — - " — __

To complete the North Slip on the New Ground _____ _ __ —

__ __ Towards carrying on 70 Feet in Length of Wharf Wall on the East Side of the Malt Pond, with One Wall for forming the Locks for Malts,

and Two Bays of Plank Houses over them j including the Expence of digging the Rock, and’ Rubble — — —

To blowing and levelling the Rock at White House Hill -_ — — __ — —

Towards building the North Pier and Wharf, and Part of the New Dock; including the Expence of digging the Rock, and Rubble — Towards making a Pair of Gates for the New Dock — — — __ — — —

To repairing the Timber Work, and carrying on the Wharf Wall of the South Middle Jetty Head — — —

To complete the paving of the Mall House Slips with PurbeckPitchers — — — __ ____

To complete the digging away the Rock for building the Norch East New Rigging House — — —

Towards building the North East New Rigging House — __________

Towards building a Wall, blowing away the Rock, &c. at the East Side of the Mall Pond, to form the Road in Front of the Plank Houses over the Locks - —

Towards ftuccoing Part of the Fronts of the Marine Barracks at with Compofuic/n Mortar — —

— — Towards building a Barge House for the Barges belonging to the Admiralty and Navy Offices, with Apartments over Part of them for the

Barge Mailers, and a Slip to extend down to Low Water Mark j the Leases of the present Houses being expired, and intended to be given up

— — To building a Tap House, and an Office for the Clerk of the Checque, with a Repository for Books on the Victualling Premisses

' Total — —

Grand Total for the Ships brought forward —

Grand Total —

I-

5 3°

7,000

2,290 - 200

590 10,500 1,630 830

1,380

600

6,450

10,400

2.050

2.050

2,070

5,670

5,67°

3*4-60

2,770 830 11,850 1,600 6,200 2,1 to 60 5,460

.870

460

00

800

500

96,970

508,000

604,970

iid Februarii. 17S8.

A H. S T R

For the Ships in His Majesty’s Yards — —

For a Ship in Merchant’s Yard

Towards the Improvements in the Yards, Victualling Premisses, &c.

T.

Hulls — — 405,6101

Rigging and Stores — 488,640

83.030 J

Hull — — 17,0001 .

Rigging and Stores — 2,360 J 19.360

— — 96,970

Grand Totafr — 604,970

Viz'.

The Sum of Six hundred and Four thousand Nine hundred and Seventy Pounds.

Cha‘ Middleton. J. Hettjlow. Marsh. Geo. Rogers,

D

cq'

N

CD

Q.

O"

Mem*.

There are several Ships inserted in this Estimate, which, in the last, were estimated to be completed in the Year 1787; but, on Account of the late Armament, the Times for completing the said Ships are unavoidably extended till the Year 1788. — Money is likewise inserted for completing the Masts, Yards, Furniture, and Stores, of several Ships, for which Money was granted on the last Estimate, as the said Articles could not be provided in Consequence of the before-mentioned Circumstance.

l-H

'O

28 Geo. III. 1Februarii.

Alfreton Boad Bill presented.

Mansfield Road Bill jwefented.

Wotteftev

Hoads Bill ccauqittedf

March wicl Road Bill pomrartted.

Mear and

Wedmorc Tn-cloluie Bill committed.

piuceby Tn-cioiure Bill presented.

Wtftbory Tn-jtlolure Bill Committed.

110

11

Februariu

A. 1788*

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreto Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin's, in the Parish of in the County of Nottingham, through,

to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tanfiey, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor, to the Chefieifield Turnpike Road at , in the said

County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time, '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chesterfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton,

Tupton New Inclosure, and BLane, to Bunting field Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejclved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of Worcester, and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygon, Mr. Burges, &c. t And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tfye Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from in

the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Ilanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in in the Parish

of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from

Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed tp Mr. Parry, Sir WatkinLewes, &c.: And they are to meet tfiis

Afternoon, at Five of t|ic Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore,in the County of Jet, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber. ’

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waite, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Parish of

bury, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tud-way, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.


A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Manufacturing Town and Neighbourhood of Bolton in the Moors: And also,.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Manchester: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers and Persons interested in the Manufactory of Earthen Ware, in Staffordshire;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Alderman Wation reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition'of the several Persons whose Names appear thereunto subscribed, being Refiners, Lacemen, Wire Drawers, and others concerned or interested in the making, manufacturing, and vend, ing of Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, and Tambour Work, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act, passed in the Fifteenth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, intituled, f‘ An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, " and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of fc Gold and' Silver Thread," was read; wherein it is enacted, That from and after the ill Day of July 174a, all Copper, Brass, and every other Metal inferior to Silver, shall be spun upon Thread, Yarn, or Inkle only, and not spun, mixed, wove, wrought, or set upon Silk, upon Pain that every Person offending therein shall forfeit the Sum of Five Shillings for every Ounce so spun, mixed, wove, wrought, or set upon Silk.

And Mr. William Combes being examined, said. That notwithstanding the said Act, great Frauds have been, and are daily committed, by Copper or other base Metal being woven or mixed with Silk, and worked up in Imitation of Gold and Silver Lace — That it has also been a Practice to gild and silver Copper, Brass, or other base Metal, and to spin and weave the same upon Silk, Thread, Yarn, or Inkle, and to work up the same in Imitation of Gold and Silver Lace, Fringe, Cord, Embroidery, and Tambour Work, which have been so exactly counterfeited as to deceive the nicelt Eye, to the great Imposition upon the Public, and Injury to the Gold and Silver Lace Manufactory — That, in Consequence of these fraudulent Practices, various Orders for Gold and Silver Lace have been countermanded. — And he further said. That the Bullion of this Kingdom has been thereby materially lelfened, and the Revenue greatly diminished.

Mr. Christopher Corall being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George x the

Petitions from Bolton, Manchester, and Manufacturers of Earthen Ware in Stafford Shire, respecting the Sian Trade.

QM and SiU ▼cr Lace M*» nufa&tiren Petition itv ported.

Geo. Ilf.

il6 FebruariL

Hi

the Second, intituled, tc An Act to prevent the coun- Behalf of themselves, and others,-Owners of E(tates,of " terfciting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling Inhabitants within the said Borough and Town, was " and adjusting the Proportions of fine SMver and presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That " Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is " Thread And that Mr. Alderman Watson and Sir depending for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching,

Glasgow and Dumbarton Road Petition reported.

Watkin Lewes do prepare, and bring ini the fame.

Ordered, That Sir Archibald db make the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Subscribers, Landholders in the County of Dumbarton, was referred.

and regulating the Streets, and other public Passages, within the Borough and Town 6f; and that

the Petitioners are of Opinion fdch Bill is unncceffary; and, if passed into a Law, will be very prejudicial to their Property in the said Borough arid Town: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by Sir Archibald Edmonstone accordingly reported from themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that, the said Committee, That the Committee had exa- the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Peti-mined, and found that the Standing Orders of the tioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as

House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turn- to the Horise shall seem meet.

pike Bills, had been complied with; and that the That the said Petition do lie upon the'

Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- Table, until the Bill for better paving, cleansing,' tien; which they had directed to be reported to the lighting, and Watching the fevefaf Streets, and other House j and he read the Report in his Place; and af- public Passages and Places, within the Borough and terWards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where Town of , in the County of , and the same was read } and is as followeth 1 viz, the Liberties thereof, and for removing and prevent-

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three ing Encroachments; Obstructions, Nuisanfces, and An-several Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixthand Twenty- noyances therein} and for preventing Accidents by seventh Years of his late Majesty, and the Twelfth Fire, from Houses and other Buildings being covered Year of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road with Thatch; and for widening certain Streets and from the City of Glafecw to the Town of Dumbarton* other Places within the said Borough and Town, and were read: And rendering the Passage thereof safe and conVeriierit, be

A Member present informed your Committee, That read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be theri the Road and Bridges mentioned in the Petition have heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Billi been corrtpleated and supported at a considerable upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Expence- — That Two Toll Bars have been erected Ordered, That Counsel be.admitted to be heard, at

within Six Miles of each other, and Payment at cither the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the

of the said Bars procured a Passage through both.

That the Debt pontrafted cannot be paid off, nor v said Road and Bridges effectually kept in Repair, iinlefs the Term and Powers granted by the said Act ' are continued and enlarged.

And the said Member added, That it will be nc-celiary to add to the present Tolls, by taking a fepa^ rate Toll at each of the said Bars.

Ordered, That Leave be giveh to bring in a Bill for this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Chamber.

said Petition.

A Bill for dividing and inciofing the several Stinted Graflington Pastures called Old Pasture, New Bolton, and tocitfure Bill

Lojgill Bank, in the Township of in the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. cmbe, Mr. ffilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet

Mr. Pbeltps presented to the House, according to Bleadon Tn-Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, dofure Bill certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Manor preentt and Parish of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Tlmd.

WimKame Minster Road Bill committed*

Humbcrftone

InclosureBilt

committed*

Petition against Swansea Paving Bill.

Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Dumbarton: And that Sir Archibald Edmonstone, Mr. Elpbinjionei and

Lord Frederick Campbell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place

in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or

Market Place in the Town of Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bankes,

Mr. Beaufoy, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds,

in the Parish or Lordship of Humberstone, in the County of Leicester,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bw-gerjerdjMr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this the said Committee, that he was directed by the Corn-Afternoon, at Five of the £lock, in the Speaker’s mittee to move the House, That Leave be given to Chamber. bring in a Bill for taking down the present Court

House and Gaol, and erecting and building a new A Petition bf several of the principal Inhabitants of Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and the Town and Borough of Swansea, in the County of County of Invemejs, and for appropriating the Sum of Glamorgan, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on £. 1,000 out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus Vol. XLIII. L arising

Inverness Court House and Gaol Petition*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Report of to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of Invertiejs, and of the MagistratcS and Council of the Town of Invemejs, was referred, be ho tv read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker tefumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee td make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

The Marquis of Graham accordingly reported from reported.

<0

Ill

ii° Fibruarii. A. 1788.

arising from, the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the fame.

And the Marquis of Graham moved the House accordingly}

Bill ordered. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down the present Court House and Gaol, and creating and building a new Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of Inverness, and for appropriating the Sum of jf.1,000 out of the unex-haufted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the lame} and that the Marquis of Graham, Sir - Heitor Munro, and Mr. Brodie, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Accounts n- Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fe-

lanng to the verai Accounts, Papers, and Estimates, which were

Ordnance, to _ r . ' *

be piinted, presented to the House upon last, by Mr.

James Luttrell, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the U fe of the Members of the House.

Mr. Walker’* A Petition i>f William Walker, Agent for the Distil-

Petition lers of Scotland, was presented to the House, and read;

Scotch Spirits Taking Notice of the Bill for charging an additional Duty Bill. Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England-, and Setting forth. That, after passing of the Act of the Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, relative to the Scots Distilleries, the first Object to which the Distillers of Scotland directed their Attention, was to obtain Possession of the Mercat of that Country, by furnishing it with Spirits, as good in Quality, and as low in Price, as those with which it was then supplied by the Smugglers; and that, for that Purpose, some of the most considerable among them took great Pains to bring to Perfection the Ma-, nufacture of Gin, which was the Liquor principally smuggled into Scotland from Foreign Parts, having altered and enlarged their Works at a considerable Expence, and having, by many expensive Experiments, ascertained that they could produce a Liquor in every Respect equal to that which the Smugglers brought from Holland, they made Additions to their Entries of Stills, and consequently became bound to pay an additional Licence Duty to Government} and that the Commissioners of Excise for Scotland, having refused to allow Permits to be granted for the Removal of such Spirits from one Warehouse to another, or from Reftifiers, Compounders, Dealers, or Retailers, to other Distillers, Rectifiers, Compounders, Dealers, or Retailers, who might purchase the fame, agreeable to the Practice in England, the free Sale and Circulation of those Spirits through the Country have been prevented, and the Distillers found it impracticable to carry on that Trade to any Extent, and several among them, having large Stocks on Hand, and having paid a high Licence Duty, were obliged to resort to the only other Mercat that was open to them, and to fend Spirits to London, as the only Method of securing themselves from a total Loss of the Duties they had become engaged to pay, and the Advances and Preparations they had made , and that, having a Prospect of an Accommodation with the Board of Excise, and of being able to carry on the , Home Trade with Freedom, several of the Distillers entered into Bonds to take out, and did actually take out, Licences for the current Year, according to the largest Entries made for any Part of the preceding Year, and they laid in their Grain, engaged their Servants, bought their Cattle, and incurred every other Expence in Proportion to the extensive Scale on which they apprehended they would be enabled to Carry on their Bufinefsj but, to their great Disappointment, and in Spite of their most earnest Remonstrances, the Obstructions thrown in their Way by the Board of Excise never have been removed, so that they have been obliged to continue to fend Spirits to

the London Marker, though they derived less Advantage from that Trade than they would have done from supplanting the Smuggler in the Sale of Gin in the Market,of Scotland -, and that their Spirits come into the London Market charged with a Duty of upwards of Two Shillings and Five Pence ’per Gallon, which, considering the Disadvantage of paying a fixed Licence Duty, whether the Stills do or do not work, is, independencof the Difference of Duties arising from, the Charge on the Gauge in place of the Weight, more than equivalent to a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence per Gallon, paid on the Quantity of Spirits actually distilled, which last Duty is all that the London Distillers are obliged by Law to pay j and, the Petitioner is assured that any additional Duty on the Importation of Spirits from Scotland would, in Reality, amount to a Prohibition of such Importation j and that the Distillers took out their Licences for the present Year on the Faith that the Law was to continue unaltered during the Period those Licences were to run, and it is apprehended that if it is at all to be altered, those Distillers who work for the London Market, and are to be immediately affected ' by the Alteration, ought to have an Option to give up their Licences altogether, and be put on the same Footing as the English Distillers, for it would be unjust to compel them to keep their Licences on Terms on which they never agreed to take them; and that some of the Petitioner’s Constituents being detained in Scotland in Expectation of the Trial of a Cause between them and the Commissioners of Excise, and others by their own Affairs, could not conveniently attend, and appointed the Petitioner to appear in their Behalf: And therefore, on Behalf of his Constituents, the Distillers of Scotland, praying, That the said Bill may not be permitted to pass into a Law, and that he may be heard, by Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Trade with itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- America »ml fider of the Trade between the Subjects of His Ma- ^eftTidi* jesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Coun- islandttobe tries belonging to the United States of and of the Foreign I Hands in The West Indies.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a proper Encouragement to the making of Salt in the Islands called Turk’s Islands,being Part of The Bahama Islands.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- Confdned. mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That he was directed, by the Committee, to make several Motions } and that the Committee had come to a Refolu-tien; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pieaie to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^ttchBSi{’|'ri'* upon the Bill for charging an additional Duty on ,jr 1 ’ Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-3 ments

Newfoundland Trade Bill deferred.

Committee on Charge against Sir Elijah Im-

ry-

Papers relating toNund-comar to be printed.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

a8 Geo. Ill, ns-n°

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same^ Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-bwWt Ships, actually belonging to Britifj Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence j

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal

Ordered, That the Copy of the Paper, purporting to be a Translation of a Petition from the late Rajah Nundcomar, which was laid before the Governor General and Council, by the late Sir John Clavering, in the Month of August 1775, together with the Fac Simile Copy thereof j and also, the Paper containing several Extracts from the Bengal Secret 'Confutations of the 14th, 16th, and 30th of August, and the 4th and nth of September, 1775 (which were presented to the House upon Friday last, by the said Sir Elijah be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St, John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had, in Part, examined a Witness, and had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Paper purporting to be a Translation of a Petition from the late Rajah Nundcomar, which was laid before the Governor General and Council, by the late Sir John Clavering, in the Month of August, 1775s and also, of the Extracts from the Bengal Secret Confutations of the 30th of August, and the 4th and nth of September, 1775 (which were presented to the House upon Friday last, by Si r ElijahImpey) be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read j Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee or the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Februarii. 123

Mart is, 12* d Februarii; Anno 48* Georgii IIItn Regis, 1788. PrayeRs.

SIR Hell or Munro presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for taking down the present Court House arid Gaol, and feretting and building a new Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of fnvemefs, and for appropriating the Sum of £. x,oooo out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in Britain, to-

wards erecting and building the same: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of Ripon, in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Assistants, Common Council, and Free Burgesses, in Common Hall assembled, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Colchester, in the County of Essex i And also,

A Petition of the General Body of the Protestant, Difienting Ministers, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Confederation of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table. '

Mr. Bayly reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Thomas James Lord Bulkeley, and of several other Persons, whose Names are theretp subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Lordship of Rhosfair, and Hundred of Menai, the Lordship of Lledwigan, and the federal Parishes of Trefdraeth, Llangrijliolus, Llanfihangel, Efgeifog, Llangeffo, Llan-geinwen, and Llanidan, in the County of Anglesey, on Behalf of themselves, and other Owners of Lands and Estates within the said several Lordships and Parishes, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April \yiAr, relative to Drainage and Inclosure Bills, had been complied with, with respect to all the Parishes in which the Lands intended to be drained and inclosed do lie (except the Parish of Llanidan, in which a very small Quantity of the Lands are situate; and that it was not known, when the Notices were given, that any Part of the Lands, intended to be drained and inclosed, were situate in that Parish; but that Notice was given in that Parish on the 23d and 30th of December, and on the 20th of January last; and that all the Parties intitled to Right of Common on the Lands within that Parish are consenting to the proposed Drainage anti Inclosure); and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. John Goodman being examined, said, That he knows the Lands within the Lordships and Parishes before-mentioned — That the same are subject to be Overflowed by the Sea and by Land Floods, and in their present State are incapable of Improvement — That in

order

Inverness Court House ami Gaol Bill preliemed.

Petition* from Ripon. Col-chester, and the Protestant Dif-/enting Ministers in London and Westminster, respi6t ng the Slave Track.

Rhotfair, &c. Drainage and Indolure Petition repotted.

Ii4

11° Pebruarii.

A. 1788.

ordetcffeftually to drain the fame, it will be necef- great Convenience to the Public; and that, in order fary to make one large Drain, the whole Extent of the to prevent evading the Payment of Tolls, it will be Lands, and through some small adjoining Inclosures necessary to stop up the Lane leading from the Turn-"belonging to One or Two Parties, having Right of pike Road between and by

Common on the Lands proposed to be drained and Pettylan, to the Highway leading from to

inclosed, and also to make some collateral Drains, One hundred Yards of the Lane leading

and other necessary Works of Drainage, and also from Bridgef through Cae Deintur, towards

sufficient Embankments, so as to secure the same from Cefn Cocb, also One hundred Yards of the Lane leadbeing Overflowed by the Sea — That this large Drain ing from Llanjilin, towards 'tan Gaer, the Bri-

tnuft be made of such Dimensions, that the same will die Road leading from the Turnpike Road near be navigable for small Vessels- — That it is reasonable through Caer , to the Turnpike Road be-

' that Persons navigating Vessels upon that Cut should tween Llanrbaidr and Cajlellmocb, the Lane leading be charged with a Toll, the Produce of which to be from the Mile Oak under Buckley and Hijland applied towards defraying the Expences of making through the Small Meadow and Mile House Farm to and cleansing the fame, and supporting the Banks the Turnpike Road between the Head and

thereof, which Expences will amount to several Thou- OJweJlry, the Road called branching out

sand Pounds. — 'And the Witness added, That if the of the public Highway leading from to

Lands are effectually drained and divided, and in- Caereinion, and leading to a certain Common called elofed, they may be put in a State of Cultivation, and Coedy Cwm, and also the Lane leading from Rbua-greatly improved. bon by IVynnfiay Park Wall and RbydJallt Farm

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the House, through a Ford' across the River Dee, to the Table. Turnpike Road from to OJweJlry, at or

near a House called in the Parish of »

petition for A Petition of several of the Trustees, authorized and likewise a Lane branching out of the said Lane, for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the near an House in the Township of Rhyddallt, in the

»nd Oswestry Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His Occupation of Robert Roberts, and by Plus yn

Roa*. present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the dallt and Kilny Pottiau, to the said Turnpike Road

Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, herein- near Bodelltyn Farm House, and likewise from the

after mentioned, whose Names are thereunto sub- said Kiln y Pottiau to the said Turnpike Road, where

feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set- it crosses Offa's Dyke, near a House called The Green, ting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the and likewise a Bridle Wav, or Horse Path, leading Votes, that Application has been made for Leave to out of the said last mentioned Lane, near a House in bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the the Occupation of Catherine Richards, in the Town-Road leading from Pool, through OJweJlry to Wren- ship aforesaid, and by a House occupied by Edward

bam, and ojher Roads therein particularly described; Parry, Weaver, and thence by the Kant, to the said

and Represnting to the House, That so much of the Turnpike Road near New Bridge, over the River Dee,

Road leaping from Llangollen to Corwen, in the reserving nevertheless to Sir Williams,

County Merioneth, as lies between Llangollen afore- Baronet, and his Heirs, a Right of using the said - Taid, and the Confines of the County of Denbigh (Part Lanes as Occupation Roads for themselves and Te-of the Rdads directed to be repaired by an Act of the nants, in the said Township of Rhyddallt, and a Com-Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, munication with the said Turnpike Road near the for repairing and widening several Roads leading to New Bridge aforesaid, or wherever else shall be thought and from Bala and Dolgelley, in the County of Me- most convenient for themselves and Tenants in the rioneth, and other Roads therein mentioned, in the said Township, the (topping up and discontinuing of Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop) being which several Lanes or Ways will not be attended about Three Miles in Length, and on which no Toll with any Inconvenience to the Public, but will very hath ever been collected, has always been repaired by much contribute to facilitate the Repair of the said the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made Roads, by securing the Payment of the Tolls, and Ih the Third Year of His said Majesty’s Reign (for lefiening the Expence of collecting the fame: And repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the between OJweJlry and Wrexbam, at or near Whiteburjl's said intended Bill for the several Purposes aforesaid, House, through Llangollen, to the most proper and in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet, commodious Joining of the Turnpike Road leading Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the from Wrexbam to Ruthin, at or near Fajarn Dywyrcb, Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Pcti-and from Llangollen aforesaid, through Acre Fair Col- tien of the several Trustees for carrying into Execu-hery, to the Finger Post at the Joining of the Road tien an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the leading from OJweJlry to Wrexbam) as more imme- Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, diately communicating with the Roads by the last- for repairing several Roads from Pool to OJweJlry mentioned Act directed to be repaired, the Repair and Wrexbam, and from Knockin to Llanrhaiader, in thereof could more conveniently and effectually be the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and carried on if the same was made a Part of the Roads also an Act made in the Second Year of His present by the said intended Bill directed to be repaired, and Majesty’s Reign, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the Trustees for executing the said Act of the Seven- the said Act, as also the Petition of the several Trusteenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign discharged from tees for putting in Execution an Act made in the ihe Cate and Management of it, to which the Peti- Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for re-tioners are consenting; and Alledging, That a certain pairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road Part of a Street called Leg Street, in OJweJlry, parti- between OJweJlry and Wrdtham, to Ruthin, and other cularly an Angle of the fame, oppoffte to a M^ffuage Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of several Sn the Possession of Margaret Wikey, and also the Pa- Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of iifadoes opposite to a House in the same Street, in the the Tolls granted by the said several Acts, and of the Possession of Henry Roberts, obstruct and render dan- several other Gontlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, gerous and incommodious the Passage of Carriages residing. near, and usually travelling, the Roads there-along the fame, and if the said House was purchased inafeer mentioned, whose Names are thereunto feve->nd taken down, and the Palisadoes aforesaid remov- rally subscribed, is referred: And that they do exa-ed, and proper Compensation made to the Owners of mine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, the Premisses for the Damage done, it would be i as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Exeter Poor JijiJ presented.

CJiartlcv Tn-cSolure Bill presented.

Browne’* Kame Bill ooramitted.

Warwick

iferidgePetitioft

reported*

l

28 Geo. III. it0 Febru 225

Mr. Rollepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for raising further Sums of Money, for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering hiore effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the faief City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there: Arid the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Edward Littleton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures. Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties' of Drcinton, and

Amerton, all within the Manor of Chart ley, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, late of

Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, Widow, deceased, was read a Second Time'.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke-, Mr. Frederick Montagu, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Jekyll reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Owners of Estates, or Inhabitants within the Borough of and Places adjacent, in the County of Warwicwas referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for building Bridges, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Eboral being examined, said. That the Bridge across the Ri vet'Avon,in the Borough of Warwick, is very much decayed, and is very long, and not sufficiently wide and commodious for Travellers and Carriages — And that it would be of great public Benefit if a new Bridge was erected over the said River, near a Place called Blenheim, about 260 Yards higher up the said River than the present Bridge Hands (a Plan of which new Bridge the Wit-

Vol. XLIII.

ness produced to your Committee). — And he further said, That it will be necessary, that the present Turnpike Road should be turned over such new Bridge, and proper Streets, Roads, and Ways made to cornmu-nicate therewith — That in Consequence of making th'fe above Alterations, it is proposed to Hop rip a Passage called Cajile Street, from the North Edit Corner of the Cross Keys Inn to the Great Bridge; also a Road called The Back Hills, frortt the East Find of and Cajile Hill to the North End of the Great Bridge; also a Road called Little Street, from the South End of the Great BHdge to the North East Corner of a House in the Occupation of Thomas Cattel-, also a Part of a Road lying between Nicholas Meadow and the Road leading to a Water Com Mill belonging to William Money, Esquire 5 and also so much of the Road leading from the Town of Warwick to Whitnaff, as lies between Lands belonging to the said,

Money and Thomas Webbedge, Esquires, and the Earl of Warwick.

Mr. Thomas Woodfweston, Steward to the EarJ of

Warwick, beifig examined, informed your Committee, That' his Lordship has proposed to undertake the Building of the new Bridge, and to open proper Roads and Avenues to the fame; upon certain Considerations to be made to hi? Lordship, to enable him so defray the Expences thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for enabling the Right honourable George Earl Brook and Earl of Warwick to build a new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto; upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned: And that Mr. Jekyll and Sir George AuguJluS William Shutkburgh do prepare, and bring iti, the fame.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, according so Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the County of DerbyAnd the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Air. Se-

cretary to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, attended at the Door; he was called iri; arid, at the Bar,- presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the LolTes and Services of the American Loyalists, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, up to the 25th of December 1787.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read.

The said Statement is as followeth; viz.

3M A STATEMENT

Parwich Inclosure Bill prelenied.

Statement of Reports respeiting the American Loyalists p: dented.

11° Febru

ai 6

j&. i 78 8.

A STATEMENT of the Reports made by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Lodes and Services of the American Loyalists, to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, up to the 25th

of December 1787.

S T A.T E of Claims received.

Claims received in England under the First Act of Parliament, 1783; including about 500 carried out for Examination by the Commissioners in America — —

Claims received in England, under the Second Act, 1785 — Claims received and admitted by the Commissioners in North America, about — - — - ' — — .

Total —

Amount of Claims*

Numb* of Claims. Gross Sum claimed for Losses of Property. Annual Incomes alledged to be loft.

2,063 134 £.7,046,278 215,080 £. 88,631 per Am. 1,605 per Ann.

191 Not stated. Not stated.

2,994 £. 7,261,358 £. 90,236 per Ann.

STATE of Claims

examined.

Claims examined and liquidated in England, up to 25th December 1787 ——

Claims examined and liquidated by the Commissioners in North America, up to 26 Mar. 87 — —

Claims examined and disallowed — —

Claims reported fraudulent ——

Claims withdrawn — — —

Total

N° of Gross Sum claimed for Losses allowed for

Claims. Property. Income. Property. Income.

821 5,206,149 93,987 1,583,666 65,784

54O 233 12 31 598.534 509,424 116,076 142,7 *3 2,717 2,329 i95»389 5,440

1.637 6,572,896 99,033 i,779,o55 71,224

REMARKS.

Of the Claims before the Commissioners in England, 561 remain unexamined. — But after the repeated Advertisements that have been issued to the Claimants to attend, there are not above 60 now remaining who have given Notice of their Intentions to prosecute their Claims; and the greater Part of those have neglected to attend on being summoned again for that Purpose.

It is to be observed, that sundry Claims have been investigated, in Part, but have not been finally liquidated, on the Prospect of obtaining more satisfactory Evidence or Information, through the Means of Mr. Anjley, employed to make Enquiries in the United States, whose Return to England is expected early in the ensuing Summer.

These, together with the Claims examined since the 25th of December 1787, and the Claims examining in Canada, may, from the best Opinion the Commissioners are able to form, amount to between Two and Three hundred thousand Pounds; which, together with the Sum of One Million Seven hundred and Seventy-nine thousand and Fifty-five Pounds, being the Total Amount already liquidated, will include all the Classes into which the Commissioners have divided them.

By the latest Advices from the Commissioners in North America, it was expected by them, that their Enquiry would be closed, so as to admit of their Departure from Canada, on their Return to England, in the Course of next Summer.

Office of American Claims,

Lincoln’s Inn Fields, John Forjler,

12th February 1788. Secretary to the Commissioners.

Ordered,


ogh

*8 Geo. III.

ib Feintarii.

227

Ordered, That the said Statement do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Paver-Hum A Bill for more effectually securing the Oyster

ovrter Fl,htly Fishery at Faversham, in the County of , was read

Bui commit- _ 1 ,’J ’

ted. a Second Time.

RfolvedfThutthe Bill be committed to Mr. Pelham, Mr. Marsha m, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

:tton Inclosure Bill committed*

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloper, Mr. Penruddocke,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Coal Trade Mr. Henry Thornton presented to the House, accord-IftU presented. ing to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, "An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future. Combination of Coal Owners, " Lightermen, Mailers of Ships, and others, to ad-tc vance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation. Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, " and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade;" and also, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trader" and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Hull Roads a. Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two ted. commit~ Acts, palfed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of King/lon upon Hull to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Account of Vessels entered Outwards and Jnwards in the SugarColonies to and ftom America, ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships and other Vessels entered Outwards and Inwards in the British Sugar Colonies, to and from the several Ports in the British Colonies in North America, and the United States of America, from Michaelmas 17116 to Michaelmas 1787, with their respective Tonnage.

Brighthelm- The Order of the Day being read, for the Second b«Tcommit-' Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of in the County of Stiffen;

And the House being informed. That Joseph Fox, who petitioned this House upon Wednesday last, praying to be heard by himself or Counsel at the Second Reading of the said Bill, and which Petition was then ordered to lie upon the Table until the *said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by his Counsel upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thomas Pelham, Mr. JVathcrfton, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Report.prpc'J-Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to confuler of the Trade between the Subjects and thc Forrign of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and of the Foreign Islands in The IVefl Indies,

That he was directed, by the Committee, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

And Mr. Steele moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And that Mr.

Steele, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Steele also reported from the said Committee,

That he was directed, by the Committee, to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India I Hands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between H is Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies.

And Mr. Steele moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Wc(] for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. William WyndhamGrenville, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr.

Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Steele likewise reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it i$ the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Two Shillings and Six Pence Sterling per Ton be laid upon every Ship or Vessel belonging to the Inhabitants of the United States of America, coming to the Islands called Turk’s Islands, in Ballast, and not otherwise, for the Purpose of being the re laden with Salt.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Second of the said Bills, That they do make Provision therein pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Scotch Spirli* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made

t *9

i8 i 2° — 130 Februarii. A. i ^S8#

to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout-, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for annulling Contracts that have been made.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the ScotchDistillers to bring Spirits to the London Market, on the same Footing with the London Distillers.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to relieve the Scotch Distillers from their Bonds, for Payment of their Licence Duty.

And the said Clause was read the First Time.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be read a Second Time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The other Order of the Day being read}

Ch^'a''-°S The House resolved itself into a Committee of the sir whole House, to consider further of the several Articles

fcr- of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against

Sir Elijah Impey, Knight; late Chief Justice of the

Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. St. John took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. St. John reported from the Committee, That they had further examined the same Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tkur/day Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Morning

next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 13° die Februarii;

Anno aS' Georgii III11' Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Trinl of Mr Haftingi,

THE House was moved, That the Orders made upon Wednesday last, in relation to the Members of this House being present at the Trial of Warren llaflings, Esquire, in Westminster Hall, together with the other Directions of the House then given, might be

read.

And the same were read accordingly.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westmin*

Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Member^ of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages* who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That no Person was in the said Places or Passages.

Ordered, That the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the said Trial, be now called over.

And they were called over accordingly.

And they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

And then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

And then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Aldferman Wation presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render more prefab!" effectual an Act, made in the 15th Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act <c to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver " Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions " of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making " of Gold and Silver Thread:" And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the Amencm

I np I I)‘If

House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States: And the same was leceivedj and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West

Writ TnAil Tr-i <le Bill prdented*

India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in ’The West dies: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be rend a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

§ Ordered,

28 Geo. III.

130 — 140 Februarii.

tip

Account of Corn WaAi distilled, and Spirits pro(!uccd therefrom, ordered.

Account of Corn With and Spirits indented.

Scotch Spirits Duty Bill ptffed.

Message for Attendance of Witnrlfet on Mr. Halting*'* Tm].

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Corn Walh distilled, and Spirits produced therefrom, at the Houses of and

Cook, for certain Periods, between the 26th of July 17 86 and the 25th of June 1787; and also, the Proportion of Spirits from every One hundred Gallons of Wash.

The House being informed that Mr. Bell, from the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door j he was called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Corn Walh distilled, and Spirits produced therefrom, by the Distillers therein mentioned, between the Dates prefixed to each House; and also, the Proportion of Spirits from every One hundred Gallons of Walh.

And then he withdrew.

And the Tide of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the 'fable, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrafted Bill for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill by Way of Ryder, declaring that Spirits shipped for Exportation from Scotland, on or before a certain Day, shall not be subject to the additional Duty proposed by this Act.

And the said Clause was Twice read with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon* agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill* by Way of Ryder.

Rejoived, That the Bill do pass, and that the Title be, An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lieutenant James Anderson.

The Right honourable Lord Macartney, K. B;

Robert Holt, Esquire.

Captain ’Thomas Edwards.

Robert Hudson, Esquire.

John Bern, Esquire.

Matthew Wall, Esquire.

John Motteux, Esquire.

Captain Jonathan Scott.

Sir John D'Oyley, Baronet.

Cullen Smith, Esquire.

William Brigbtweii Sumner, Esquirei

John Stables, Esquire.

Francis Fowke, Esquire.

Henry Fox Calcraft, Esquire.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, iipbn Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Wiysand Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Supply deferred*

Means de* ferred.

yophy 140 dieFebruarii 5

Anno 28° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1788.

’RAY IRS.

The Lord swill proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings’t Trial.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Montagu: ,

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, by Mr. Adam, with the Names of several Witnesses to be examined, to make out the Impeachment against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, and to desire that 'the Lords will make forth Summonses for their Attendance at the said Trial, on Friday next; viz.

Captain Leonard Jaques.

Major Charles Marfack.

Lieutenant Colonel Arthur Balfour.

Lieutenant Colonel Thomas,

Major Martin Gilpin.

Nathaniel Middleton, Esquire.

Captain David Williams.

William Young, Esquire.

Isaac Baugh, Esquire.

William Harwood, Esquire.

Ewan Law, Esquire.

Alexander Higginfon, Esquire.

William Markham, Esquire.

David Anderson, Esquire.

John Charles Middleton, Esquire.

William Wright, Esquire.

James Peter Auriol, Esquire.

Vol. XLIII.

fjRDERED, That the Serjeant at Arrrri atteriding Trial of Mr. this House do go, with the Mace, into the Lob- Haftins‘‘ by, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, artd summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, Thai the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately j and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go our, that he take them immediately into his Custoay.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker refupied the Chair.

3 N A Petition

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free-

Fai'momh, *’ holders of the County of Leicester: And also.

Leek, Stafford- a Petition of the Mayor, Deputy Recorder, Alder-

fTugCcam- men, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants, of the bridge, and Town of Falmouth, in the County of Cornwall i And

Northampton^ i

ihirc, respec- 3110, _ .

ting the slate A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Merchants, T,ade> and Manufacturers, of the Town of , in the County of Stafford: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Town of in the County of York: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Cambridge: And also,

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, Free-. holders, and others, of the County of Northampton-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African ' Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Prin-

ciples of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the Taid Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of George , One of His Majesty’s *g:rinrt the Landing Waiters in the Port of London, was presented Coal Trade <0 the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Pe-

Blll‘ titioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition has

been presented from the Coal Buyers residing in and near the City of London, for Leave to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the Acts of the Ninth of Anne, and Third of George the Second, and to indemnify the Petitioners, and all others, from all Penalties which are alledged to have been incurred thereby; and that the Petitioner has commenced Prosecutions against the Society of Coal Buyers, for violating the Laws to the Prejudice of the Public, and has, for the Two last Years, been at a great Expence, and had infinite Trouble, in discovering the illicit Practice of a formidable Combination of Coal Buyers, very pernicious and oppressive to the Public, and the Petitioner will be able to prove, to the Satisfaction of the House, that the Allegations, set forth in the Petition for the Bill, iremifrepresented: And therefore praying. That the House will permit the Petitioner to be heard, by himself or.his CounfeJ, in Opposition to the Paid Bill, or that such Relief may be granted to the Petitioner as shall seem fit.

Ordered, That the Paid Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent " the future, Combination of Coal Owners, Lighter-u men, Mailers of Ships, and others, to advance " the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigatien, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, " and for the further Encouragement of the Coal " Trade;" and also, an Act, passed in the Third , Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the

Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulatien of the Coal Trade;" and to indemnify and lave harm Ids all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts, be read a Second Time.

Tt it Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr.

iu»e to Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

White sheet The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

MiIIRmU Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair,

the Road from the Bottom of White Sheet through Hurdcot, to the Wilton Turnpike Road, at or

near Barford, in the County of Wilts; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Dartford Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, Roads Bill, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads leading to the Town of Dartford, in the County of Kent; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this TheLordswifl House, That their Lordships will proceed further proceed Twin the Trial of Warren Hastings, F.squire, To-mor- MrTiIiCgj’i row Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Trial

Hall.

And then the Meficrigers withdrew;

Mr. Jekyllprefcflted to the House, according td Warwick

Order, a Bill for enabling the Right honourable Blii,se George Earl Brock and Earl of to build a P'*1'1*1"1'

new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of . Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Complaint being made to the House of a Pamphlet, CompUintcf intituled, u A Review of the Principal Charges against a P3lli;>h|n " Warren Hastings, Esquire, hue Governor General jn.Cachml!t " of Bengalfprinted for John Stockdale, oppofire against Mr.

Burlington House, Piccadilly, and John Murray, HgltinS,‘

Street, in which were several Passages highly disrespectful to His Majesty and to this House, and containing Observations refiefting upon the Motives which induced this House to prefer the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

The said Pamphlet was delivered in at the Table; and the said several Passages were read.

Ordered, That the Matter of the said Complaint bd taken into Confidetation To-moffow Morning.

The House was moved. That the Report which, Malidrartir, upon ‘Tuesday last, was made from the Committee, to indofore whom the Petition of the Right honourable Fbomas g"jj James Lord Bulkeley, and of several orher Persons, whose Names are thereto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Lordship of Rhosfair, and Hundred of Menai, the Lordship of Lledwigan, and the several Parishes of

Yrefdraeth, Llangriftiolus, LIarffbangel, Efgeif.og, Llatt-geffo, Llangeinwen, and Llanidan,in the County of Anglesey, on Behalf of themselves and other Owners of Lar>ds and Estates within the said several Lordships and Parishes, was referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing* the Marsh or Common, called Malldraeth and Corfddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and for embanking the said Marsh or Common, and for making Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the fame, and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works: And that Mr. Bayly and Mr. Parry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Commitw whole House, to consider further of the several Ar-tides of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors Elijah against Sir Elijah Imp ey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

i Mr.

18 Geo. III. 14 — 15*

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Lambton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Lambton reported from the Committee, That they had further examined the same Witness, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; anci that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Februarii. 231

the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -minfierHall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Petition from Neighbourhood of Rotherham, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Repreienting Slav* Trade, the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion j and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Haueeby Inclosure Bill committed.

Bleatlon Inclosure Bill committed.

V1enerts, 150 die Februarii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIl"l Regis, 1788. Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Wade, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Cornewall, Sir John Thorold, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Cornewall, Mr. Pbelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Mansfield Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and terfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Yemple Yupton

New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, 'to Buntingfield Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Lord Edward Bentinck, See.And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That they will give Order for summoning the Witnesses to be produced at the Trial of Warren Hafiings, Esquire, as desired: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hafiiugs, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The I.ords will giveOrder forluinmoning Witne(Tt.R on Mr. HaiiincsT Trial.

The Lords

w:il procrtftl To mon ow on Mr. Haf-tings's Trial.

Tri»l of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Safting*- House do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to

tniv.fler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And be went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Wefi Hall, and clear the fame of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a.Committee of

A Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Aifreton RoaJ Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Al/reton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin's, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the 1

Nottingham Turnpike Road, near in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Che/-terfield Turnpike Road at KelfiiJge, in the said County, of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendjh, Lord Edward Bentinck, See,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Amnion cond Reading of the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

West In nil Trait Bill dc-lcired.

Supply de-fened.

Way* and Mean* de* ferred.

Complaint of Pamphlet respecting the Impeachment against Mr. Halting*, considered.

232 15b FebruariuA. 1788.

R./.hed, That the Bill be committed.

A’r olved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itftlf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said

Subjects and the Foreign IQands in the West , be now d.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raisinghe Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Matter of the Complaint made Yesterday to the House, of a Pamphlet, intituled,

{* A Review of the Principal Charges against Warren " Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Ben-

" gal/ printed for John Sto, opposite -

ton House, Piccadilly, and John Murray, Fleet Street, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the Matter of the said Complaint into Consideration.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Pamphlet contains Passages highly disrespectful to His Majesty and to this House, and indecent Observations reflecting upon the Motives which induced this House to prefer the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words <c to His Majesty and."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question j The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 66.

Tellers for,he Noes^^C^' }

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Re/olved, That the said Pamphlet contains Passages highly disrespectful to this House, and indecent Observations reflecting upon the Motives which induced this House to prefer the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, late Governor General of Bengal.

Resolved, Nemine ContradicentThat an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, humbly desiring His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General, to prosecute the Author or Authors, the Printer or Printers, and the Publisher or Publishers, of the said Pamphlet, in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment for the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in Fla, and Hill and Moor, in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Worcester: And the same was received; t and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Powys presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollaston, in the County of Northampton: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing Commons or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Riddlesden, otherwise Morton, or Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and fpund that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of os. 7 who have not given their Consent to the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands entitled to Right of Common on the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed arc rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of ,£.79. 9J. lid.; and that no Person appeared before the Committee tQ oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Cloek.

Salbati,

Address there, upon.

Fladbtirv In. closure Bill pitfented.

Wollaston In. closure Bill presented.

Riddlesden Inclosure Bill reported.

Catferick fridge Road Bill prciented.

Knapton In-

closure Bill presented.

Cafttemartin Inclosure and Drainage Petition reported.

28 Geo. III.

16*

Sabbati, 160 dFebruaru \

Fcbfuarii 233

Pembroke: And that Sir John and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Anno 28° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

SI R John Eden prefertted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Se in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road; And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Eden ptefenred to thfe House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Wodehouse reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of John Hooke Esquire,

on Behalf of himself and of his Nephew John Campbell, Esquire, and of several other Persons, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Manor of Cajllemartin, in the County of Pembroke, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Notices directed to be given by the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Drainage and Inclosure Bills, had not been given within the Time required by the said Orders, the Application to Parliament not having been determined upon till after the Time limited for giving the Notices; but that the like Notices had been given in the Month of December last; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Property in the Land to be inclosed and drained is in Mortgage, and the Mortgagee had contented, and which Property amounts only to £.2. js. 10 per , according to the Quit Rents; and that the whole Property having Right of Common, according to the Amount of the Quit Rents, is £.47. 2 1 ±d. per Annum); and

that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. George Maxwell being examined, said. That the C,om-mon or Waite Ground, called Cajllemartin Corje, contains about Five hundred Acres, over which the Proprietors of Copyhold Estates within the Manor of Cajllemartin have a Right of Common — That the said Common or Waite Ground is subject to be Overflowed, and in its present State is incapable of Improvement; but the same might be greatly improved, if Power was given to inclose and drain the fame, and to divert and turn a certain Stream of Water, running by the Side thereof, in, a new Direction to its Outfall at Sea.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground, called Cajllemartin Corje, within the Manor and Parish of Cajllemartin, in the Coupty of Vol. XLIII.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Pwwieit Trti Fields, or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of committed.1 Parwich, in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Lord George Cavend'.Jh, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of llelston, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Shrewsbury;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petition* from Hellion atul Shrew (bury respecting the Slave Trade*

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Haftin8»* Places adjacent; and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them Immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there wa4 no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville reported from the Bradweil in* Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and in- ^ur£dflir closing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Brad-well, in the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given theif Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto,

3 O which

which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

OrderedThat the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1788.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, &c.: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

16° — 18°

Ridaiefden In- An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in-ciofure Bill closing, Commons or Waste Grounds within the Manor pa of Riddlcjden, otherwise Morton, or Riddlesden with

Morton, in the Parish of in the West Riding

of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, Commons or Waste Grounds within the Manor of Riddlesden, otherwise Morton, or Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Graves and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren llajlings, Esquire, on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in min/ler Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The JEord* will proceed oq Monday on Mr. Haftingt’i Trial.

And then the House adjourned til Morn-

ing, Ten of the Clock.

Waifaii Road* The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to ^o'ted0 rt" w^om the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-

p0‘ holders, and others, residing within the County of

Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House,; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Ybomas Hodgkins being examined, said, That he knows the Road from the Town of in the County of

Stafford, to Hamjlead Bridge, in the same County, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, in the same County, is greatly out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and that it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were properly widened, amended, and kept in Repair, and the Course in some Parts thereof diverted or altered.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Waif all to Hamjlead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, all in the County of Stafford:And that the Earl Gower and Sir Edward Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition for A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and additional others, residing in the County of Stafford, whose Names w^taURoads are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, Bill. and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe,

by the Votes, that a Bill is depending for repairing the Road from the Town of Waljall to Hamjlead Bridge, and from the said Town to Sutton Coldfield Common, in the County of Stafford; and Alledging, That the Road from the said Town of Waljall, to a Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Waljall and Wolverhampton, in the said County, is much out of Repair, narrow, and incommodious, and it would be of great public Convenience and Utility if Provision was made in the said Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the said Piece of Road, from the said Town to Park Brook: And therefore praying, That Provision for those Purposes may be made in the Bill above mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Lunce, 18® die Februarii;

Anno 2$* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

SI R John Wodehouse presented to the House, ac- Caftlmirtii cording to Order, a Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Common or Waste Ground, called Cafilemartin Cor/e, within the Manor and Parish of Cafilemartin, in the County of Pembroke: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for taking down the present Court House inveraefi and Gaol, and erecting and building a new Court Co"£H°u*. House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of ^mmitted.1 Invemefs, and for appropriating the Sum of £. 1,000 out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the fame, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon To-mofrow Sevennight, the 26th Day of this Instant February, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this of Mr.

House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and H»ftinp. Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

/ And

Answer to Address.

Uy Drainage Petition re~ ported.

28 Geo. III. r8° FebrH 235

And being returned, he reported, That there was Breaches therein, which obliged the Commissioners no Person in the said Places or Passages. to lay out further large Sums in heightening and

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be strengthening the said Banks, and on other necessary Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Works, which the Nature of the Undertaking re-were called over; and they went to the Places in quired, whereby the Debt contracted on the Credit of Westminster Hall appointed for them. the said Act is become so heavy as not to leave, af-

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of ter Payment of the Interest and Officers Salaries, a

the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last, humbly desiring His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions to His Attorney General, to prosecute the Author or Authors, the Printer or Printers, and the Publisher or Publishers, of a Pamphlet, intituled, f< A Review of the Principal Charges against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, late Governor General of

<c Bengal," containing Passages highly difrefpedful

to this House, and indecent Observations reflecting upon the Motives which induced this House to prefer the Impeachment against , Esquire,

late Governor General of Bengaly in order that they may be brought to condign Punishment for the fame, had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly,

Mr. Hobart reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Most Noble Marquis and the humble Petition of the several Commissioners, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands in a certain Dif-trid of Fen Lands, called Middle Fen lying

between Ely and Sobam, in the County of whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Commissioners, Owners, and Proprietors of Lands in the aforesaid District, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Drainage, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Thirty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen " Lands and Low Grounds, in the of Ely, and " County of Cambridge, between the , otherwise

" Grant, Ouze, and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded

" on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJlebam, v Fordham, Sobam, and Wick, and for impowering " the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of " the Fens, called Bedford to fell certain Lands

" within the said Limits, commonly called Invejled " Lands," was read: And

William Clarke Woodbine, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the Commissioners appointed by the said Act have, at a great Expence, raised Banks, erected Engines, cut Drains, and done other Works for the better Preservation thereof, which have obliged them to borrow large Sums of Money on the Credit of the said Act — That the Floods of late Years have risen to extraordinary Heights, and come down with such Violence against the Banks as to occasion great

Sum any ways sufficient to carrying on the said Work of Drainage, by which the whole Undertaking is likely to fail, to the great Impovenlhment of many Families, and Detriment of the Creditors, unldfs timely relieved by the further Aid of Parliament.

And the Witness further said, That the Banks of the several Rivers within the Lands comprized in the said Act are under the Direction of the aforesaid Commissioners, and are supported at a considerable Expence to the Proprietors of the said Lands; and that it is proposed that a small Rate Should be col-leded for Boats, and other Vessels, navigated upon the said Rivers, to be applied in Aid of the Rates by the said Act authorized to-be raised upon the Proprietors of the said Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Isle of Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, and Mildenhall Ri-

vers, and bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of IJlebam, Fordbam, Sobam, and Wicken, and fot

impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conservators of the Great Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly called /»-vested Lands, and for laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof: And that Mr. Hobart and Sir Edward AJlley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, *« An At " to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Propor-c< tiens of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better " making of Gold and Silver Thread," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Watson, Mr. Alderman Newnbam,: And they are to meet this Afternoon', at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, with respet to the Time of giving Notices in the public Newspapers; but that Notices had been given in ‘The Kentish Gazette, The Canterbury,

and The Maidstone Journal, Three several Times in each Paper, in the Month of October last; and that it was not intended to apply for any fresh Powers, but only for a Continuance of the Term of the present Act, mentioned in the Petition, and passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key Steet, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to-report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

GoldandSilvfr Lace Bill corn* mitted.

Maidstone Road Petition reported.

18° Februarii.

Farringtlcn Inclol'urc Bill prel'eiittd.

Coal Road Petition reported.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Hinde being examined, said, That the Road mentioned in the said Act, which forms the principal Communication between East and has been duly repaired, and kept in Repair, by the Trustees nominated and appointed by virtue of the said Act — -That there is now due and owing upon the Credit thereof the Sum of 1,168; which Money cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through , to Key Street,

in the Parishes of Borden and , in the County of Kent: And that Mr. Marsham and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Vansittart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several Noblemen, and the humble Petition of several Gentlemen, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 5 and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. James Holworthy being examined, said. That the Road, called The Coal Road, leading from and branching out of the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ajbby de la Zouch, as described in the Petition, is in a ruinous State, narrow in many Places, and incommodious for Travellers and Carriages — That it would be of public Utility to have the said Road effectually repaired and widened, but the same cannot be done by the ordinary Course of Law.

Mr. Robert Fletcher being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, at Gravel Pit Close, near Foft on Lane, to the Hinckley and Ajbby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at Barleston Lane End, in the said County of Leicester: And that Mr. Hungerford and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A. 1788.

Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Citizens, and Inhabitants of the City of Worcester: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Borough of ,in the County of Warwick:

Were severally presented to the House, and read } Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were> severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Petitions from Worcester and Warwick, respecting the Slave Trade.

The Lords will

proceed To-jroriow on '

Mr. Hastings’i Trial.

Filey Inclosort Bill preUnted.

Warwick BHtige Bill committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Raftings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Wilberfcrce presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Filey,otherwise in the East and North Ridings of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for enabling the Right honourable George Earl Brook and Earl of Warwick to build a new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jekyll,

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committer sn to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, against Sir Impey, Knighr, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, to whom Marchwitl the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Worthenbury,

and Hanmer,in the County of Flint,to a House in the Possession of Thomas jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons,

and

Chtrtlev In-

closure Bill committed.

18 Geo. III. i8° — 19°

and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties of Drointon, Lea, and Aall within the Ma-

nor of Chart ley, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, the Earl Gower, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen intituled,

" An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, " Mailers of Ships, and others, to advance the Price t( of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, " and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the " further Encouragement of the Coal Trade," and also, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Henry Thornton, Mr. Alderman Watson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Oxlade*» The House was moved. That the Petition of George ferreir.VcV Oxlade,one of His Majesty’s Landing Waiters in the

Port of London, which was presented to the House upon Thursday last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Coal Trade Bill committed.

Newfoundland Trade Bill deferred.

American Trade Bill deferred.

West India Trade Bill deferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but British-built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said IJnited States.

Ordered, Thar the Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Vol. XLIII.

Februarii. 237

Subjects and the Foreign I (lands in the West Indies, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will) upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty-

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 190 di Februarii j

Anno 28° Georgii III. U Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

A BILL for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollaston, in the County of Northampton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor, Mr. Powys, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to fter Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers,

And he went accordingly) and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Clerk had prepared, and laid upon the Table, a List of the Names of all the Njembers of this House who had delivered in Lifts, in pursuance of the Directions of an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign

3 P of

Supply dt» ferred.

Ways and Meant deferred.

Wollaston It-closure Bill tommitted.

Trial of Mr# Haiti ngs.

Pt ceedin^ on East India Ju-dicztuit Act.

238 19" Februarii. A. 1788.

of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lygott,

the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences com- Sir &c.: And they are to meet this

mitted in the East Indies, and for other Purposes Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

therein mentioned. Chamber.

Petition for re. Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com-oV mittec, to whom the Petition of the Owners and Part

ship* with Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade in the Port of

cattle ami Sun Newcastleupton Tyne,was referred; That the Committee

dctiami re- had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had

pertrd. directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Three several Acts, passed in the Sixth, Thirteenth, and Twenty-second Years of the Reign of His pre-' lent Majesty, for regulating the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of and , were

read: And

Mr. Edward Twyzel, a Ship Owner at Newcastle, being examined, said, That he has been in the Coal Trade upwards of 30 Years, and is Owner of Two Ships, now in the Trade — That since passing the First of the said Acts the Coal Trade has much increased, there being more than double the Number of Ships now employed; and that last Year there was the greatest Vend for Coals that was ever known — That the Regulations established by the said Acts have been attended with beneficial Consequences to the Public, and they may still be rendered more beneficial.

And being alked, What Regulations in particular he thought would have the bed: Effeft ? he said. By the Fitters Offices being kept open Day and Night, and by imposing a Penalty on Owners and Mailers of Ships, for coming to give their Ships on for a Turn of Coals, before they arrive within the Limits of the Harbour; which Imposition has, to his Knowledge, been practised on the Fitter- — And that it would be also of Advantage to enable the Mariner, as well as the Mailer or Mate, actually coming from the Ship, to enter with a Fitter for a Turn of Coals.

And being alked, Whether he had occasionally used the Port of Sunderland he said, He had; and that every Ship Owner is at Liberty to carry his Ship there whenever he pleases.

And being ilked. Whether a Ship Owner, using the Port of Sunderland,has an Opportunity of deceiving the Fitter there, by putting his Ship upon the Lift before (he is within the Limits of the Port, in the same Manner as the Ship Owner using the Port of Newcastle has, to deceive the Fitter at Newcastle? he said. They can deceive the Fitter at both Places, but they are more easily deceived at Newcastle; and that he really thinks it is equally necessary to regulate the Trade at Sunderland as at Newcastle.

And being alked, Whether the Increase of the Shipping was more owing to the present Act than to the late War? he said, It was owing to the Act which regulates the Turns, and partly to the War. Then

Mr. Robert Lock, an Agent in the Coal Trade, being called, confirmed the Evidence of Mr.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and -

land: And that Sir Matthew Ridley, Mr.

Brandling, and Mr. Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Fiadbury Tn- A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and cloture Bin Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com-commmed. mon ancj Waste Lands, in and Moor,

in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Wtrufier, was read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to Birmmgkim whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Application is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to Bills for building Bridges, it not being for erecting a Bridge, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act of Parliament passed for that Purpose; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Thomas Sheajby being examined, said, That the Town and Neighbourhood of Birmingham is very much increased in the Number of Inhabitants within the last:

Thirty Years — That the only Road or Passage, from ‘

the Town of Birmingham to the several Turnpike Roads which lead from that Place to the Metropolis, through the Towns of Warwick and Stratford upon Avon, and the City of Coventry, is over a certain Bridge, at the lower End of the said Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, which is old and very narrow; and, owing to the great Increase of the Passage over it, is become very incommodious and inadequate to the Accommodation and Safety of the Public — That the said Bridge cannot be properly widened, and rendered safe for travelling, without taking down and re-building, nor can the Roads and Avenues thereto be sufficiently widened, unless several Houses, Cottages, and other Buildings, situate in the Hamlets of Deritend and Bordejley, are taken down and removed, and the Scite thereof, or of Part thereof, laid into the said Roads. — And being further examined, he said, That it would be of great Advantage if the Course of the River was varied for the Distance of Seventy Yards, or thereabouts, above the said Bridge, by making a new Channel, in a strait Line, down to the said Bridge j and also, if a new Course was made for conveying Part of the Water, running from a Slitting Mill, the Property of Sir Thomas , into the said River; and also, if the Channel of the River, below the said Bridge, was properly widened.

— And the Witness further added. That the lower Part of the said Town is frequently Overflowed in Times of Flood, and that it would be of great Benefit to the Inhabitants of that Part of the said Town, if a Weir was erected upon the said River, and such other Works done as may be found necessary to secure that Part of the Town from being Overflowed in future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed: And that Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Marchwiel Powers of an Act, of the Seventh Year of His present p*(f{df, Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through «> gar, Worthenhury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint,

to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dod- ington,

Brad well Inclosure Bill passed.

Pool and

Oswestry Roads Petition reported.

28 Geo. III. 190 Februarii. 239

ington, in the Parish of Whitcin the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to in the said County of Salowas read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from wiel, in the County of D, through Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Parry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Rradwell, in the County of Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from Pool to OJweJlry and Wrexham, and from Knockin to Llanrbaiader, in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop j and also an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, as also the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between OJweJlry and Wrexham, to Ruthin, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said several Acts, and of the several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, and usually travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned, whole Names are thereunto severally subscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees, authorized for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to the first mentioned Petition, but that no Notices had been given with respect to the last mentioned Petition, the same being only for widening certain Parts of the Roads, and for Ihutting up certain Lanes in the Petition mentioned, 'and for putting a Piece of Road, described in the said Petition (and which is at present repaired by the Trustees under the Acts mentioned in the said first Petition) under the Care and Management of the Trustees under the said Acts in the said first-mentioned Petition; and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, the said Acts mentioned in the said Petition were read: And

Mr. John Lloyd being examined, said, That the said Acts are near expiring, and that the Money now due and owing upon the Credit thereof (which amounts to about the Sum of £.4,000) cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in proper Repair, unless the Terms granted by the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness further said. That as the said several Roads directed by the said Acts to be repaired do very much intersect each other, he apprehended that the Repair thereof would be more effectually carried on if the said Acts were consolidated, and the Roads subject only to the Care and Management of Trustees appointed by One Act of Parliament.

And being further examined, he said. That he knows the Roads particularly mentioned and described in the said Petition, that the same are in a ruinous Condition, narrow and incommodious, and cannot be effectually repaired and widened by the present Methods provided by Law.

And to prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, the Acts mentioned in the said Petition were read: And

Mr. John Lloyd being further examined, said. That so much of the Road leading from Llangollen to Cor-wen, in the County of Merioneth, as lies between Llangollen aforesaid, and the Confines of the County of bigh, Part of the said Roads directed to be repaired by the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, being about Three Miles in Length, and on which no Toll hath ever been collected, has always been repaired by the Trustees for putting in Execution the said Act made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, in the first Petition mentioned, as being more immediately communicating with the Roads under the last mentioned Act. — And the Witness added. That the Repair thereof could more conveniently and effectually be carried on if the same were made Part of the Roads to be repaired by the intended Bill, and the Trustees for executing the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign discharged from the Care and Management thereof.

And being further examined, he said. That the Passage of a certain Part of the Street called Leg Street, in OJweJlry, is greatly obstructed and rendered dangerous, and that the same might be made safe and convenient if the Trustees were enabled to purchase and take down a certain House in the Possession of Margaret Wikey, and also to remove the Palisadoes opposite to a House in the Possession of Henry Roberts, upon making proper Compensation for thd same to the Owners thereof. — And the Witness further said, That in order to prevent the evading the Payment of the Tolls it will be necessary to Ihut up certain Lanes, Highways, and Passages in the Petition described, except the Right of particular Persons using the same as Occupation Roads to and from their Houses and Lands, and that the Ihutting up the same will not be attended with any Inconvenience to the Public.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Samuel Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town

Hull Roidc Bill reported.

240 ip 0 Februarii. 1788.

of Kingjlott upon Hull to and through the Town of

laby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the ' County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations, of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee, had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Ques-tien put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Wiir,born* Mr. Bankes reported from the Committee, to whom

bIIi'i-" neef the Bill for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Crois or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne M to the Crcfs or Market Place in the Town of in the County of Dorset, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition for The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to *^n n°in*vvai" w^om t*ie Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-faii°Roads Bill holders, and others, residing within the County of reported. Stafford, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not being determined on to repair and widen the Piece of Road in the Petition mentioned, at the Time the Notices were given for the Application for a Bill to repair the Roads in the original Petition, and that the Length of the said Road is less than a Mile, and that it is not proposed to erect any Gate, or take any Toll, thereon; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; a\id had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

! Thomas Hodgkins being examined, said. That he knows the Road leading from the Town of to a certain

Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Walfalland V/olverbampthat the same is much out of Repair, narrow and incommodious, and that it would be a great public Convenience if the same was properly repaired and widened, and kept in Repair.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for amending, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of to Hamjlead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, all in the County of Stafford, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the said Town of Walfto a certain Brook, called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of and

Wolverhampton, in the said County of Stafford.

Mr. Duttcombe reported from the Committee, to Petition for

whom the Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of th*

Coal trade at

Ships and Vessels employed in toe Coal Trade from Newcaitie the River Tyne, residing at or near; and rePorted*

also, the Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the River Tyne, residing at or near Nevucafile, North and South Shields; and also, the Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the River Tyne, residing at Sunderland-, and also, the Petition of the Owners and Part Owners of Ships and Vessels employed in the Coal Trade from the River Tyne, residing at or near Whitby, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions, and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade ;" and also, an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of " Newer file and Sunderland," were read: And

Mr. John Scott being examined, said. That he is a Ship Owner — That he knows of Fitters keeping Lifts of Ships entered for Turn on Slates or Slips of Paper — That this Practice exists mostly in the better Sort of Coals, and the Abuses that arise by that Practice are that they have Power to take them off or put them on at their own Discretion, and this is frequently the same — That he has often placed his own Ship in Lifts out of the Turn specified in the Act, and it is a common Practice — That the Fitters will not do this for Strangers at all Times — That it is usual for Fitters to oblige their Friends by entering their Ships after the legal Office Hours — That he has known many Instances of Ships being placed on Fitters Lifts Two Days before they arrived, and that he has been defrauded of his Turn many Times — That every Fitter, and the Clerks of Fitters, at Newcastle(except in One or Two In-

stances) have Ships or Shares of Ships — That there are few of them but what are concerned in Ships, and some of them are managing Owners — That in general Ships belonging to Fitters or their Clerks make more Voyages in the Year than those belonging to other Persons — That the Fitters in general are either direct- ly concerned as managing Owners, or individually concerned as Part Owners, in Sixty or Eighty Sail of Ships — That there are several Hundred Sail of Ships concerned in the Coal Trade at Newcastle, Shields, and Sunderland — That about 83 Sail belong to the Town of Newcastle, 269 to Shields, and 392 to Sunderland.

And being alked. Whether he apprehended these Abuses would be corrected by establishing an Office at Shields, to register the Arrival of Ships, and the Establishment of a public Office at Newcastle for keeping the Fitters Lifts, and registering the Turns for Loading ? he said, He is firmly of that Opinion. — And being asked. Whether these Matters have been under the Consideration of the Owners of Ships in the Coal Trade, who have declared themselves of that Opinion, and willing to bear their proportional Parts of the Expence of the Two Offices? he said, The great Dif-tress of the Trade has occasioned many Meetings; and it was the unanimous Opinion, of those General Meetings that these Offices would tend to remove the Grievances complained of, and that they were willing to bear the Expence. — And being asked, Whether it is the Opinion of a Majority of Ship Owners, that an Office in London will be necessary for preventing the Coal

Buyers

Browne'* Name Bill reported.

Newfound-' land Trade Bill deferred.

American Trade Bill dcfeired.

West India Trade Bill deferred.

218 GeO* III. lp°-r — 20° Februariu

241

Buyers from extorting Dispatch Money? he said He believes it to be the Opinion of more than Seven-eighths of the Trade. And being alked, Whether he meant to apply this Evidence to the Fitters as well as to the Fitters Clerk ? he said, He applied it to the Fitters Clerk. And being asked, Whether he could; of his own Knowledge, speak of any One Instance where an Application being made to the Fitter, of the Lift being a false Lift, the Fitter has refused to give him Satisfaction, and correct the Error ? he said. He could: On the 27th of November last his Ship Fame arrived at the Port of Newcastle and was fixed on Willing ton Lift j on the Day following the Alexander arrived, and Coals were sent to that Ship the Day following — That the Witness, knowing his Ship to have arrived before the Alexander, wrote a Letter to the Fitter, re-

queuing him to fend the Coals on board his Ship; but no Attention was paid to the Letter, and he loft his Turn — The Owner of the Alexander was Mr. Alexander Bartlemy, and the Owners of the Colliery to whom he applied were Messrs. Bell and Brown — That he does not know whether the Fitter or Fitter’s Clerk had any Share in the Alexander.

Mr. Thomas Powditch being examined, confirmed the above Evidence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the

Coal Trade;" and also for repealing an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle " and Sunderland," so far as the same relates to Newcastle, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes: And that Mr. D Mr. the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Lambton, Mr. and Sir

John Eden, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, late of Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, Widow, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, the Trade between the Ports of the United States of America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland, to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but built Ships, actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a. Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Vol. XLIII.

Islands; and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The Indies, be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning)

will proceed on Friday on Mr. Haftingt*! Trial.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr* Montagu and The Lord* Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Friday Morning

next, at Ten of the Clock, in W Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurti, so° die Februarii;

Anno 28° Georgii III. U RegiS; 1788)

Prayers.

MR. Lygon reported from the Committee; to whom Northfield

the Petition of the acting Trustees, appointed Sported?'"011 in and by an Act of Parliament, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for amending and " widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn at <c Northfield, in the County of W to the ct ton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading " from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of " wick, to Birmingham, in the same County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Benjamin Hclyoake being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have borrowed several considerable Sums of Money upon the Credit thereof, which Money, together with the Tolls collected upon the said Road, has been duly applied according to the Directions of the said Act — That there is now due and owing upon the Credit of the said Act the Sum of f. 3,449, which Money cannot be re-paid, nor the said Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term granted by the said Act be further continued, the Tolls increased, and the Powers of the said Act altered and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the WoottonTurnpike, in the Great Turnpike

Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County: And that Mr. Lygon and Sir Robert Lawley do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Worcester the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain reputed.1 Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of Wcrcester, and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned, was 3 Q_ committed;

242

20° Februarii. A. 1788.

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Brighihtim- Mr. Thomas Pelham reported from the Committee, house B.lfre- to w^om t^lc Bill to enable His Majesty to license a ported. Playhouse in the Town of , in the County of Sussex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

S'orth Kyme A Bill for more effectually draining and preserving corammed!111 certa'n Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of , was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Scoie Bridge Sir JohnRous reported from the Committee, to whom reported.1''0" Potion several of the Trustees for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Scoie Bridge to the Place where the East " Gate lately flood, in the Town of " mund’s, in the County of ," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Thomas Slapp being examined, said. That the Trullees have proceeded in the Execution thereof, and borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be paid off, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scale Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmund’s, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the said Act: And that Sir John Rous and Mr. Grigby do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petitions f'Om fevnal Cxtiar-di.ins of the Poor, and In* habitants of Exeter, against the Exeter Poor Ui\l

A Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the City and County of Exeter, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That an Act was passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to render more effectual several Acts of Parliament for

erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City and County of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, and to raile further Sums of Money for better carrying the Purposes of the Acts into Execution; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to amend the said Act, and render it more effectual, and the Petitioners, now acting Guardians of the Poor under the said Act, are convinced that the same is in all Respects sufficiently full and efficient to enable the Guardians, and also the Commissioners, thereby appointed, to carry the same into Execution, and that the said Act very compleatly provides for the Support and Regulation of the Poor within the said City and County of Exon: And therefore praying. That in case any Bill Should be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, that they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, and Witnesses, against the fame, that it may not pass, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House ftwll seem meet.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, Payers to the Poor Rates within the City and County of , whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners having been informed, that a Petition hath been, or is about to be, presented to the House, by certain Persons, styling themselves, "The Inhabitants " of the City of Exeter, and others, Payers to the c* Poor Rates there," dating, that by an Act, passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the-Third, which incorporated the Mayor and Aldermen for the Time being, and Forty Persons, Inhabitants of the said City, to continue, in perpetual Succession. Guardians of the Poor, veiled with Powers for carrying that Ad into Execution, and, by subsequenc Acts, other Regulations were made, and particularly Power given to the said Corporation, as Occasion required, to borrow Money on their Bond, for applying Exigencies when their Expenditure exceeded the stipulated Annual Sum which they were impowered by such Acts to raise and levy, and that from the Establishment of the Corporation, in the Year 1698, to the Year 1785, a Period of Eighty-leven Years, the Inhabitants of the City were satisfied with the Constitution and Execution of it by the Guardians, and that the most perfect Harmony subsisted between the Guardians and the Inhabitants, and that, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed, constituting a new Body of Twenty-two Persons, to be elected as therein mentioned, and styled " Commissioners," firice which many Disturbances have arisen, and Litigations taken Place, attended with considerable Expence, to the great Injury and Oppression of the Petitioners, and that the Petitioners were perfectly satisfied with the Integrity and Conduct of the Guardians, and that, for want of proper Powers veiled in them by the last Ad, they are rendered incapable of discharging their Trulls, and effectually providing for the Relief of the Poor, and praying for Leave to bring in a Bill to amend and render more effectual the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, and for such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think expedient; and that the Petitioners (many of whom are acting Guardians of the Poor) are very justly and greatly alarmed at the sudden and uncx-peded Appearance of an Attempt to procure an Act of Parliament, to alter or amend the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, contrary to the real Interest and W ifh of the Petitioners, who have never been convened together by the Guardians of the Poor,' to consider of, and determine on, the Expediency and Neccliity of such 4 an

48 Geo. III.

20® Februarii.

443

Petition from Payers to the Poor Rates of Exeter, in Favour of the Exeter Poor Bill.

an Application to Parliament, which last mentioned given to bring in a Bill to amend and render more

A JTL a. L TT1 ^m« m /t CL «aa /"a« tTf m .11 - J f . 1 J a fE _ J . f m /* /" f

Act, the Petitioners insist, is sufficiently full and efficient in itself to enable the Guardians and Commissioners to carry the Intentions thereof into Execution, without any Alteration or Amendment j and that the Petitioners deny that the said Guardians, or the Commissioners, appointed by the last mentioned Act, are, by Means of the Powers verted in them by the said Act, rendered incapable of discharging their Trusts, or of effectually providing for the Relief of the Poor: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, and Witnesses, against the Matters of the Petition of the said Persons, styling themselves c< Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, and others. Payers to the Poor Rates there," that the Prayer thereof may not be granted, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for raising

effectual the said Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of His present Majesty, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as the House shall think expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Nobility, Gentry, Clergy, and others, residing in the County of , who have

thereunto set their Hands: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Chesterfieldin the County of Derby: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Warrington, in the County of Lancaster: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Lincoln: And also,

A Petition of the Chamber of Commerce and Ma-

Petitions from Hertford (hi Chesterfield, Warring ton, Lincoln, Chamber of Commerce at Edinburgh, and Citizens of Bristol, rt« specting the Slave Trade*

further Sums of Money for the better Relief of nufactures at Edinburgh i And also,

the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hof-pitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

A Petition of the Citizens of Bristol, in Guildhall assembled;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion} and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of Fork, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Eden, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s, Chamber.

knapton Inclosure Bill committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of Exeter, and others, Payers to the Poor Rates there, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor of the said City, an Act was passed in the Ninth and Tenth Years of King William the Third, incorporating the Mayor and Aldermen for the Time being, and Forty Persons, Inhabitants of the said City, to continue, in perpetual Succession, Guardians of the Poor, veiled with Powers for carrying the Purposes of that Ad into Execution, and, by subsequent Acts, other Regulations were made, and the said Corporation, asOccafions required, borrowed Money on their Bond, for supplying Exigencies, when their Expenditure exceeded the stipulated Annual Sum which they were impowered by such Acts to raise and levy, and, on such Occasions, the Corporation have, when deemed fit, applied to Parliament for the Discharge of the Debts incurred, beyond the Annual Assessment, which, on such Applications, Parliament hath granted; and that from the Establishment of the Corporation, in the Year 1698, to the Year 1785, a Period of Eighty-seven Years, the Inhabitants of the City were satisfied with the Constitution, and the Execution of it by the Guardians, and the most perfect Harmony subsisted between the Guardians and Inhabitants; and that, in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, an Act was passed, constiruting a new Body of Twenty-two Persons, to be cleded as therein mentioned, and styled " Commissioners," since which many Disturbances have arisen, and Litigations-taken place, attended with considerable Expence, to the great Injury and Opprefiion of the Petitioners; and that the Petitioners are perfectly satisfied with the In- for putting in Execution an Act, made tegrity and Conduct of the Guardians, and that, for want of proper Powers veiled in them by the last Ad, they are rendered incapable of discharging their Trusts, and effectually providing for the Relief of the

Poor: And therefore praying, That Leave maybe have advanced Money on

A Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Catterck Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Bridge Road Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of ted.Comnilt* his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Farm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedg'feld, in the said County Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Eden, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Report which was R.porton Yesterday made from the Committee, to whom the Pool and or-Petition of the several Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of committed, the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from Pool to OJwefry and Wrexham, and from Knockin to , in the

Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, and also an Act, made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, as also the Petition of the several Trustees

in the Third

Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Ofvesfry and Wrexham, to Ruthin, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls

granted

granted by the said several Acts, and of the several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders residing near, and usually travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto severally subscribed; and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees, authorized for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and Salop, thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed, for the Purpose of enquiring further, why the Standing Orders of the House, of the 45th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, have not been complied with, in respect to the said second-mentioned Petition.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the Committee to whom the said Petitions were referred.

1788*

and also the Road from Pinxton aforesaid, which is in

another Part of the Road intended to be repaired under the said Bill, to the Colliery Green,

are in a ruinous Condition, and it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were put under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed for making the said Turnpike Road: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made, in the Bill intended to be brought into the House for making the said Turnpike Road, for amending and keeping in Repair the said Pieces of Road, in such Manner, and under such Regulations, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it Hull appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord George Mr.

Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morn* ing, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

26° Februariu

reftRwSpetil Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do make the tou reported.* Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, residing in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred.

Lord George Cavendish accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had examined,

and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Dodson being examined, said, That the Road leading from The Mile Oak, upon Sherwood Forest, through the Towns of Kirkby in Ashfield, and Pinxton, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, in the said County of Derby, is in many Parts thereof in a ruinous Condition, and in some Places circuitous, narrow, and incommodious, and the same cannot be effectually altered, widened, and repaired by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from The Mile Oak, upon Sherwood Forest, through Kirkby in field, and Pinxton,in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, in the said County of Derby: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, Lord Edward tinck, and Mr. Medows, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

V

Petition for A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Trades-

Pro^fion*in men> anc* others> residing in the Counties of Derby Sherwood and Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto fub-Forest Road feribed, was presented to the House, and read; Set-lU* ting forth. That the Petitioners are informed Appli-

cation is intended to be made, in this Session, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Turnpike Road from a Place called The Mile Oak, upon the Forest of Sherwood, through the Towns of Kirkby in Ashfield and Pinxton, in the said Counties of Nottingham and Derby, to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, in the said County of Derby; and Alledging, That the Road from the said Place called The Mile Oak, in the Road intended to be repaired, to the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike on the said Forest,

Mr. Calvert reported from the Committee, to whom MtrtfordPi. the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- ^tl"" alty of the Borough of Hertford, in the County of Hertford, and of others. Inhabitants of the said Borough, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

David Allan being examined, said. That the Footways of the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough, are not properly paved, and are, in their present State, very incommodious to the Inhabitants, and others who have Oc-caslon to pass the same — That the said Borough is subject to many Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments, and is not properly cleansed, lighted, and watched; and that if all such Nuisances, Annoyances, and Encroachments were removed, and prevented in future, and the Streets, Lanes, and other public Passages and Places within the said Borough, were properly cleansed, lighted, and watched, and the Footways thereof paved in a regular uniform Manner, the same would be a great Convenience to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, and to all Persons passing the fame, and of public Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for paving the Foot Paths, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And that Mr. Calvert, Mr. Dimfdale, and Mr. Plumer, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accwutmt Account of all Vessels purchased by Order of the Matter General or Board of Ordnance, from the ift Ordnanct, of January 1787 to the ift of January 1788, specify- ord*"(L ing the Tonnage of, and the Sum paid for, each Vessel, the Names of the Persons of whom the same were purchased, and by whom they were valued, and the Places at which they were valued respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Prices paid to Sail Makers, and other Artificers employed in the Repair of the Vessels em-i ployed by the Board of Ordnance, on the Rivers

Thames

28 Geo. III. 20° Februarii.

2 45

West Instia Trade Bill committed.

Maidstone Road Bill presented.

Headbourn Worthy Fn-closure Bill reported.

‘Thames and Medway, from the ift of January 1784 to the ift of January 1788, together with the Names of such Sail Makers and Artificers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Proposals made by Sail Makers, and other Artificers, for the Repairs of the said Vessels, from the ift of January 1784 to the ift of January 1788, together with the Names of such Sail Makers and Artificers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Return of all Vessels, the Property of Government, employed by the Board of Ordnance on the Rivers Thames and Medway, from the Year 1749 to the Year 1753, inclusive; together with an Account of the Tonnage of each Vessel, the Annual Expence incurred by Wages and Repairs, distinguishing each, the Number of Men employed, and the Names of the Matters and Mates respectively.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Annual Expence incurred by Vessels engaged by Contract, in the Service of the Board of Ordnance, on the Rivers Thames and Medway, from the Year 1749 to the Year 1753, inclusive; together with an Account of the Tonnage of each Vessel, and the Number of Men employed respectively.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India I (lands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign I Hands in the Indies, be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be committed.

Rejoived, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejoived, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Marsham presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from through Debt-

ling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rejoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. JervoiJe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Keadbourn Worthy,in the County of Southampton, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except Four Persons, Three of whom are only Tenants for Lives, and the other a Tenant for 21 Years, whose Property in the Common Fields intended to be inclosed amounts to 91 Acres, or thereabouts; and that the whole Property interested in the Fields to be inclosed consists of about 893 Acres; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and Von. XLIII.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Lincoln Peti-thereunto subscribed. Retail Shopkeepers of the City gJJ"the of Lincoln, as well on Behalf of themselves as the other

Shopkeepers resident in that City, and the Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Tax on Retail Shops: And praying the House to repeal an Act, so universally obnoxious and oppressive to every Description of Retail Traders.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Commiite. o» to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, American

9 rri . J OjlJ

upon the Bill to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the Floufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Newfoundland to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Trade?i11 upon the Bill for confining, for a Time to be limited, e erre " the Trade between the Ports of the United States of ' America and His Majesty’s Subjects in the Island of Newfoundland to Bread, Flour, Indian Corn, and Live Stock, to be imported in none but built Ships,

actually belonging to British Subjects, and navigated according to Law, clearing out from the Ports of His Majesty’s European Dominions, and furnished with a Licence, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Rejoived, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, sage Coache* That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to restrain the ®lll ordertd* Travelling of Stage Coaches and Diligences on Sundays.-,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } »

Tellers for the Noes, [ X°F'fe' . \ 32.

I Mr. Maimoaring: 3 J

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Powney, and Sir

3 R William

20° Februariu

A. 1788.

William Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

onTaft Mi The House was moved, That an Act, made in the judicature Act Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East Indies, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

And the several Lifts which had been before delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the Directions of the said Act, by Members of this House, being laid upon the Table;

The said Lifts were, by the Order of Mr. Speaker, taken out of the Covers, and put together into a Box, by the Clerk, at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Lifts be referred to the Consideration of aCommittee: And that they do examine the same; and report to the House, upon Monday next, the Names of every Member whose Name shall appear in Twenty or more of the said Lifts.

And they are referred to Mr. Steele, Mr.

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Smith, Mr. Roje, Mr. Phipps, Sir Robert Law Icy, the Lord Newhaven, Mr. Mr. Call,

Mr. Vanjittart, Mr. Pow Mr. Mr.

worth, the Marquis of Graham, the Lord Bayham, Mr. Frederick Montagu, Mr. the Lord

Mr. Young, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Burges: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Committee of Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House SuPPy* to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; NivyEstimate* Ordered, That the Ordinary Estimate of His Ma-te erte ' jesty’s Navy, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of what may be necessary for the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s and the Merchants Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what, are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ways and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Means d«fcr< to ref0ive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House CommittMos to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, sirE^T^ to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of Impcy. High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j1

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Hujfey reported from the Committee, That they

had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred j and that he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Hu[fey accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that there be laid before this House, a Copy of any Proclamation, issued by Order of His Majesty’s Justices for the Town and Diitricts of Calcutta, at their Quarter Sessions, held on the 3d Day of June 1761, together with any Minutes of Conlulta-tiens, or other Papers relating thereto.

And Mr. Hv.Jjeymoved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, proci3m3tion a Copy of any Proclamation, issued by Order of His issued hvOrder Majesty’s Justices for the Town and Diitricts of Calcutta, at their Quarter Sessions, held on the 3d Day of ordered.’ June 176a, together with any Minutes of Confulta-tiens, or other Papers relating thereto.

Mr. Hujfey also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Tolfrey do attend the said SweralPerson* Committee, upon Friday Morning next. to attend.

Ordered, That Mr. William Walker do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Goring do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. John Mills do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Rennell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Captain Cowe do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Baber do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. James Durnjord do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Minutes, Sk. pies of the Minutes and Letters of the Governor and rei«i»eto Select Committee of Bengal, and of Colonel Richard Smith, Commander in Chief of the Army in the Year 1768, relative to the Trial of Sepoys by Courts Martial.

And then the House adjourned till To-nporrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovit%

a 8 Geo. Ill

The Lords hare agreed to Scotch Spirits Duty BilJ.

Worcester Roads Bill patted.

Humberstone Inclosure Bill reported.

Liverpool Watch, See* Petition reported.

21° Felruarii, 147

yovisy 210 die

Anno a8* Georgii IIP" Regis, 1788.

1

Prayers.

AMelTage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manu-fastured in Scotland, and imported into England without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordfhipof in the County of Leicester, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Penrbynreported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Parishioners, Owners, Inhabitants, and Proprietors, of Houses, Buildings, Tenements, and Personal Estates within the Town and Parish of Liverpool, in the County of Lancaster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for building a Church in the Town of Liverpool, for enlightening and cleansing the Streets of the said Town, and for keeping and maintaining a Nightly Watch there, was read: And

Mr. James Sudell being examined, said. That since the making of the said Act the said Town is very much increased in Extent and Population , insomuch that Sixty Watchmen, by the said Act appointed, are

now by no Means adequate to watch and go over the several Districts or Divisions of the said Town, although the Money, which the Commissioners are enabled to raise by virtue of the said Act, is fully sufficient for a much larger Number of Watchmen, without laying any greater Tax upon the Inhabitants for that Purpose — And that it would be very conducive to the said Service if the Commissioners were impowered Yearly to choose some substantial and fit Inhabitant of the said Town to be a Cashier or Treasurer, and a Clerk under him, with a reasonable Salary, for the Purpose of keeping the Accounts, receiving the several Collections of the Taxes for that Service, paying for Lamps, Oil, and Materials, the Watchmen’s Wages, and all other Incidents. Then

An Act passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for opening, making, widening, and altering certain Streets, Passages, and Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for other Purposes, was also read: Wherein it is enacted, That no Person shall begin to empty any Boghouse, or take away any Night Soil or other offensive Matter, from any House or Place, within or near to any of the Streets,

Lanes, or other Places, in the said Town or Liberties, before the Hour of Twelve in the Night, or continue to take away the same after Eight in the Morning, from Michaelmas to Lady Day, or after Five in the Morning from Lady Day, or it any Person should put or

cast any such out of any Cart, Tub, or otherwise, in or near any of the said Streets, Lanes, or Places, or convey any such Night Soil or other offensive Matter in any Tub, Cart, or Carriage, through any of the said Streets or Places, at any other Time than within the Hours aforesaid, every such Person Should forfeit Ten Shillings. And

Mr. Sudell being further examined, said. That a strict Adherence to the said Clause hath been attended with much Disturbance in the Night Time, and other Inconveniences to the Inhabitants of the said Town j which might be redressed if the said Clause was repealed, and the Justices of the Peace for the said Town were empowered to fix proper Times for the doing and performing such like Business as to them in Sessions met Should from Time to Time seem necessary and convenient.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, an'd cleansing the Streets, and other Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And that the Lord Penrhyn and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, to whom Westbury the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of Somerset, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Five Tenements and Two-thirds of a Tenement, having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed; and that the Whole of the Property having Right of Common on the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consists of 57 Tenements, and 16 Oxfhoots of Land, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and 6 afterwards

21

Februarii.

Brownes Name Bill passed.

Mowfley Inclosuie Bill presented.

A. 1788.

Mear and Wedmore In* cloture Bill reported.

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom

BriJport, and Piotcltant Du* fenteri of Devizes, respecting the Slave Trade.

the Bill

for dividing,

allotting,

and inclosing certain

Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and IVedmore,in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1.774, relative to Bills oflnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 49 Tenements, who could not be met with, or did not choose to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property having Right of Common on the Lands to be inclosed con-

NewcastleCoal

Trade Bill presented.

Inhabitants of the Borough of Bridp in the County of Dorset: And also,

A Petition of the ProtestantDiffenters of the Town of Devizes, in the County of Wilts;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the RepoitSupply Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ordinary of That a Sum, not exceeding Seven hundred thousand Nivr*

fills of 4x7 Tenements; and that no Person appeared Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for the Ordinary before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Pill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde,

and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, late of Caiighley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of

Salop, Widow, deceased, was read the Third-Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his Issue, to take the Name, and bear the Arms, of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, late of Caughley,

in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, W idow,

deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Huhgerford presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mowjley, in the County of Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation " of the Coal Trade and also for repealing an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, of An Act to regulate the " Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," so far as the same relates to Newcastle, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ExtnNaT That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred thousand.

Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs, of the Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other Extra Works, over and above what 3re proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear, and Ordinary, for the Year 1788.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher Royal Afftnt

of the Black Rod: tofiilis.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’* Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De- fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great

Seal was read, giving,

declaring.

and notifying the

Petition* from the University of Glasgow, tht Borough of

A

also,

Petition of the University of Glasgow: And

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and principal

Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills; and that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Preli-dent of the Council, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for charging an additional Duty on Spirits manufactured in Scotland, and imported into England: An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Tunbridge in the County of Kent, to the Cross Ways near Maresfield Street, in the County of Sussex; and for amending the Road from Florence Farm, in the Parish of to Forest Row, in the Parish of East Grinstead, in the County of Sussex:

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying the Powers, of an Act, of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening several Roads

leading

28 Geo. III. n°

leading to the Town 0 in the County of

Kent:

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from the Bottom of Sheet

Hill, through Hurdcot, to the IVilton Turnpike Road, at or near Barford, in the County of Wilts.

hefoiutions of Then the Resolutions reported from the Committee supply agreed of the whole House, to whom it was referred to confi-,0* der further of the Supply granted to His Majesty,

being severally read, a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Re-committed Sir Watkin Williams Wynn reported from the Com-Poot°andnor- mittee> to whom the Report which was made from weitiy Road$ the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several omd*S Trustees for carrying into Execution an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing several Roads from Pool to Oswestry and Wrexham, and from Knockin to Llanrbaiader, in the Counties of -

mery, Denbigh, and Salop, and also an Act made in the Second Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, to enlarge the Term and Powers of the said Act, as also the Petition of the several Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Third Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road leading from the Turnpike Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Ruthin, and other Roads in the said Act mentioned, and of several Persons who have advanced Money on the Credit of the Tolls granted by the said several Acts, and of the several other Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, residing near, and usually travelling, the Roads thereinafter mentioned, whole Names are thereunto severally subscribed j and also, the Petition of several of the Trustees, authorized for putting in Execution Two Acts, made in the Third and Seventeenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing certain Roads in the Counties of Montgomery, Denbigh, and thereinafter mentioned, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were severally referred, was re-committed, for the Purpose of enquiring further, why the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with in respect to the said second-mentioned Petition; That the Committee had further examined, and found that the Reason why no such Notices had been given was, that the said Petition is only for removing Obstructions on a certain Part of the said Roads, and for Ihutting up several Lancs therein described, to prevent evading the Tolls, without Prejudice to the Occupiers of the adjoining Lands and Tenements, and also for putting a Piece of Road (about Three Miles in Length, and on which no Toll hath been or is intended to be taken) which is directed to be repaired by the Trustees for executing the said Act of the Seventeenth Year of His Majesty’s Reign (but who have never repaired the fame) under the Care and Management of the Trustees for repairing the Roads described in the first-mentioned Petition (who have always kept the same in Repair) and to which the said respective Trustees are mutually consenting; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon: Tuefdaylaft, was made from the Committee, to whom the said Petitions were severally referred, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly }

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Pool, through Oswestry,to Wrexham; from Knockin to Llanrhaiadr-, from Whiteburjl's House in the Road be-Vol.XLIII.

ttoeen Oswestry and Wrexham to Llangollen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh -, and for discharging the Trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelley Roads from the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh, and for making Provision for the future Repair of the said Road:

And that Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Mr. Mojlyn Owen4 and Mr. Middleton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

' Ah ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and wimborne enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth MinfterKoaJ Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repair- BlU p ed* ing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or. Market Place in the Town of Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the-Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Blandford ,in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Bankes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term and Hull Roads Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And- that the Title be. An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, palfed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrofiTed Bill to enable His Majesty to license BrightMm-a Playhouse in the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the ?on£pia?i* County of Sussex, was read the Third Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse in the Town of Brighthelmstone, in the County of Sussex.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Pelham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the American Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Trade Bill continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the "P0^* Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout , and ' then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the

2 S Question

21*5-" — 220 Februariu . 1788.

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

Motion for A Motion was made, and the Question was pro-feme MarUof P0^, That an humble Address be presented to His Favour on Majesty, that He would be graciously pleased to con-foor and* Bl'" fer f°me Marks of His Royal Favour on Captain Thompion, four and Captain Thompson who received the Thanks witixirawn. of th'ls pjoufe for their Behaviour on the 12th of April 178a.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in minster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual , and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 2 2° die Februarii;

Anno 28* Georgii III*" Regis, 1788.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Mear and closing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and , in the parted.

County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore, in the County of -tnerfet.

Ordered, That Mr. Pbelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Petitions from Redruth, Nefr-cattle upon Tyne, and Coventry, respecting the Slave Trade,

Prayers.

AP E TI T I O N of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Redruth, in the County of Cornwall: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriff, and Common Council of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of upon Tyne, in

Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City and Neighbourhood of Coventry;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion , and submitting the same to the ConGderation of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Cafllemartin A Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Drainage and Common or Waste Ground, called committed.'^ within the Manor and Parish of Cafllemartin, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hogbton, Mr. Long, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this HaiUngs. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lpbby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House Immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Westburyt*. closing, certain Commons or Waste Lands within the 8,11 Parish of Westbury, in the County of Somerset, was read e the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing,. certain Commons or Waste Lands within the Parish of Wefibury, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Pbelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Laws now in America* Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects Trade Bill of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of p the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Matthew White Ridley presented to the House, Newcastle ana according to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation ColrtTrade of the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Bill presented. Newcastle and Sunderland: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lygon presented to the House, according to Or- Northfield der, a Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, R°*d Rl*| of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of pfe eme His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn, at in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

8 Mr.

2 2

Februarii.

*5*

Bolton Roads Petition re- , ported.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to

whom' the Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution an Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to , and thence to the Guide Port near Golbounte Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774,relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, t® the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

James Taylor, Esquire, being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, for which Purpose a considerable Debt hath been contrafted, which new remains due, and cannot be repaid, nor the said Roads effectually amended and kept in Repair, unless the Term of the said Act be continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged.

And the Witness added. That it would be an Advantage to the said Road, and of public Utility, to leave out of the said Act so much of the said Road as leads from the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill , for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Se-

cond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale,. and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of caster; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick: And that Mr. Blackburne and Mr. Thomas prepare, and bring in, the fame.

faningdon A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Incioiuie Bill Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com-committe . mon pastures> ancj Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of LittleFarringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Van-fittart, Mr. Powney, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Faverdiam Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, to Oyster Fishery whom the Bill for more effectually securing the Oyster 1 reporte . pj^ery at paversham, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Pool, through OJweftry, to Wrexhamfrom Knockin to Llanrhaindr; from ll'hite-hurst's House, in the Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llangollen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh and for discharging the TruAees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelley Roads from the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh, and for making Provision for the future Repair of the said Road: And the same was received 3 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr, Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees and Creditors upon the Tolls srifing within the Second and Third Districts of the Roads mentioned in an Act of Parliament, made and paired in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act: " for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road ft from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Post " Road towards the City of through Woor, in

" the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of " Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarporley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, " to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually tc repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road; <c and also for repairing and widening the Road from *c Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross " in Tarvin aforesaid," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the' Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further ?n the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, on Monday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in West-mittfter Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Report from the Committee, to whom the said Petition was referred, was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Charles Potts, Esquire, being examined, said. That great Progress hath been made in the Repair of the Roads within the Second and Third Districts in the said Act mentioned, and several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and remain due, on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the said Districts, which, together with the Tolls, have been applied to the Purposes in the said Act mentioned — That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, and the Money borrowed be repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further extended and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so " much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and

" passed

Pool tnd Of. weftry Road» Bill prelcuted.

Stafford and Chester Roadt Petition reported.

The Lords will proceed on Monday oil Mr. Hastings’* Trial.

Stafford and Chester Roads Bill ordered.

252. 2z6 — Z50 Febru . 1788.

" passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salujlury Cotton do pre-of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the pare, and bring in, the fame.

" Second, as relate to the Road from the End of the County of Stafford,in the Pod Road towards the " City of Chester, through in the County of

" Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of , and

" from Nantwich toTarporley, and from thence through " Tavern, in the said County of to the said

" City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, w widening, and supporting the same Road; and also " for repairing and widening the Road from " wien, in the said County of , to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid," as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salujkury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

anOVrexham Mr. Crewereported from the Committee, to whom

Road 1 Petition the Petition of the several Persons whose Names arc

reported. thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed under or by virtue of an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act *c to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to- Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and to repair and widen fe-c veral other Roads therein mentioned, and the Road " from Wrexham to Chester, and from thence to Penn Forddy Waen, in the Parish of , and also

" the Road from Broughton to Mold, in the County of " Flint," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Charles Potts, Esquire, being examined, said. That considerable Progress has been made in the Repair of the Roads therein mentioned, for which Purpose several Sums of Money have been borrowed, and are now due on the Credit of the Tolls arising within the respective Districts — That the said Roads cannot be effectually repaired, nor the Money borrowed repaid, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act be further extended and enlarged: Then

Mr. John Calverley being examined, said. That the Road described in the Petition, and comprized in the Chester District of the said Act, is very circuitous, and much out of Repair; and that it would be of public Advantage if the same was made a Part of the Chester District, and if the Trustees of that District were authorized to make One or more new Branches of Road, not exceeding Two Miles from Plajs y Maen, to the Collieries and Lime Works at or near Hope, and Harwood, in the Counties of Denbigh and Flint, or One of them; which last mentioned Roads cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and the Roads from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for the making and repairing a Road from the said Road between Wrexham and Chester, to the present Turnpike Road from Wrexham to Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh: And

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- poy«,prefer fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of Minutes and Letters of the Governor and Select Committee of Bengal, and of Colonel Richard Smith, Commander in Chief of the Army in the Year 1768, relative to the Trial of Sepoys by Courts Martial.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Copies was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committwon to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge pty deimed. of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wed M» ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The Indies.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Supply d*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole k"*1, House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Wjyund ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for ' railing the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

LuncS) 2 50 die F;

Anno 28° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

SI R John Rous presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term of an presented. Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scale Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's,in the County of

Suffolk, and for amending the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition

Petitions fVom Grar»«ham, Chester, and Dorrhefter# icfpccting the Slave* Trade.

fcirkbymoor-side Inclosure Bill piil'cuted.

Petition for additional Provision to Sherwood Forest Road Bill reported.

A Petition of the Alderman, Burgesses, Combur-gestes, Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and principal Inhabitants, of the Town or Borough of , in

the County of Lincoln, whose Names are thereunto fybscribed: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the ancient and loyal City of Che/ler: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and others. Inhabitants of the Borough of , in the County of Dorset,

Were severally presented to the House, and fead; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Duncombe presented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of moor, and Gillamoor, in the 1’arish of in

the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendifto reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Tradesmen, and others, refiditig in the Counties of Derby and Nottingham, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, the Application to Parliament, for repairing the Roads heteafter mentioned, not having been determined upon till after the Time limited for giving the Notices; and that One Piece of the Road intended to be repaired is about One Mile and an Half in Length, and leads over the Forest of Sherwood, where People are liable to be loft in dark Nights, and that no Turnpike is meant to be, or can be, erected thereon; and that the other Piece of Road is only about 400 Yards in Length, and is meant to form a Communication with the Colliery near Pinxton Green; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. "Thomas Marriott being examined, said. That the aforesaid Pieces of Road are in a ruinous Condition, and it would be advantageous to the Neighbourhood, and of public Utility, if the same were put under the Management of the Trustees to be appointed for majking the Turnpike Road from The Mile Oak, upon the Forest of Sherwood, to Carter , in the Parish of

South Normanton.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for Repairing and widening the Road from The Mile Oak upon Sherwood Far eft, through Kirkby in Act ft eld, and Pinxton, in the Counties of Nottingham and Derby, to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, in the said County of Derby, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for repairing the Road from the said Place, called The Mile Oak, to the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike Road on the said Forest, and also the Road from Pinxton aforesaid to the Colliery near Pinxton Gnen.

Vol. XLIII.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminst Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody?

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An ingrossed Bill for more eflfeftually securing the Oyster Fishery at Faversham, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for more effectually securing the Oyster Fishery at Faverfloam, in the County of Kent.-

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, artd inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Humberstone, in the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds) in the Parish or Lordship of ,in the Coun

ty of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunger ford do carry the Bill t^ the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act> passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and , in

the County of Kent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Marsham, Mr. Honywood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mozvftey, in the County of Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. gerford, Mr. Poehin, &c.: And they are to meet this

3 T Afternoon,

Trial of Mr. Hading*.

Paver ftutro Oyster FiQury Bill patted.

Humberftoflt Inclostire Bill patted.

Maidstone Road Bill coniniitted.

Mowftey In* cloture Bill committed#

Glasgow and Dumbarton Road BUI prerented*

Bewley, Ctf-

non, and Helnifdale Bridges Petition reported*

Bleadon Inclo* lure Bill reported.

2 50 Febru

A. 1788.

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Elpbinjione presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, paired in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of so far as relates to the Road leading from to

Dumbarton: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Thomas Dundas reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons subscribing, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Counties of Cro-

marty, Sutherland, Caithness, and the Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition } and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the large and rapid Rivers of Bewley and Conon run across the Country Northward of Inverness from the Mountains to the East Sea — That it is the Angular Condition of these Rivers to be without a Bridge, from their Sources down to their respective Friths, from which Circumstance the large and populous Northern District above-mentioned is sometimes inaccessible, and always reached through dangerous Fords and Ferries, with great Inconveniency, and not unfre-questly without the Loss of Lives — That the Funds and Abilities of the said District are insufficient for this Undertaking, the same having been exhausted in making Roads, and constructing Bridges over various Streams, in the Counties to the Northward of the said Rivers — That those Rivers bound the Estates of Lovat and Cromarty, which have of late been restored to the former Proprietors — Thar, during the Time the said Estates were in the Hands of the Public, the Commissioners appointed for their Management entered, at different Times, upon various Proceedings for building Bridges on the said Rivers, and paying the Expences out of the Rents of the said Estates, but these Rents having been otherwise applied, neither the said Bridges, nor any other public Work, were carried on upon the said Northern Estates, although their Rents were regularly levied for the Public, and were intended by Parliament for general Improvements in those Parts, as well as in other Quarters of Scotland.

And the said Member added. That such Two Bridges are conceived to be of great Consequence, tending to complete the only Part that now remains ur.finished of a Line of Communication from one End of the Island to another; and that the Expence of the same has been estimated at about Twelve thousand Pounds.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Bleadon, in the County of was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th, of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee ,had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 70 Sheep Shoots, and One and an Half Beast Shoots, upon the Lands to be inclol'ed, who did not choose to sign, but had no Objection to the Bill; and the Proprietors of 284 and an Half Sheep Shoots, and 27 and an Half Beast:

Shoots, and Four Horse Shoots, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Number of Rights of Common upon the Lands to be inclosed are 2,709 Sheep Shoots, 223 Beast Shoots, and 31 Horse Shoots; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Agents for the several Proprietors consented, on Behalf of the Proprietors, that a Commissioner Should be added to those already named in the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments therpunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Ctirlltchurch whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names Pavmgp«n-are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, tl0nrep" and other Commissioners, for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for paving,

cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the " Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other " public PaflTages and Places within the Parish of " Christchurch, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing " the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within " the said Parish," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. John Duplex being examined, said. That the Commissioners have in the Execution of the Act incurred a Debt of £. 1,513. ioj. id. and that the Average Expences of the Commissioners is upwards of 2,798 a Year, and that the Average Produce of the Rates is about £. 2,400.

Mr. Thomas KinlyJtdebeing then examined, said.

That the Act is in many Relpects defective, and requires Alterations and Amendments.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish: And that Mr. Mainwaring and Mr. Alderman Wilkes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

t ' Mr.

ComptonMar-

tin Inclosure Petition reported*

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings's Trial*

Wandon Inclosure Bill reported*

Mr. Henniker reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Henniker, Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Compton , in the County of Somerset, as well on Behalf of himself, as of all Persons having Right of Common in Compton Martin aforesaid, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Member present informed your Committee, That he had received a Letter from Mr. Edmund Broderip, Agent to the Lord of the Manor of Compton Martin aforesaid, dated the 19th of Ja 1788, by which he understood, that it was the mutual Desire of the Inhabitants claiming Right of Common in Compton Martin aforesaid, and the Inhabitants claiming Right of Common in West Harptree, the adjoining Parish (for the Interest of which an Act passed in the last Session of Parliament) that an Act should be obtained, for the Inclosure of Compton Martin aforesaid, during the present Session of Parliament.

And, by the Date of the said Letter, it appeared. That, lince the Time elapsed within which Notices are required to be given, it has been suggested by the above Letter to the Proprietors of Compton by the Proprietors of West Harptree, which is now inclosing by virtue of an Act of the last Session, that if Compton Martin, the adjoining Parish, could be in-

closed by Act of Parliament this Session, it would be very advantageous to the Proprietors of Lands in both Parishes, by saving a considerable Expence in Ring-fencing, and other Particulars.

And the said Member further added. That it will be very beneficial to the several Persons having Right of Common in Compton Martin aforesaid, if the Commons and Waste Lands were divided and inclosed.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the Circumstances mentioned in the said Report, Leave be given to affix Notices of the Application to Parliament for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, upon Three Sundays in the Month of March next.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise , in

the County of Bucks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with} and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Estates which are assessed to the Land Tax at f. 11. 8r. id. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill, or could not be met with; and also, except the Trullee for Amersham School, whose Lands are assessed at £. 3. 18 s.per Annum, and who declared himself neuter; and also a Proprietor assessed at 6 per Annum, whose Agent had been applied to, but returned no Answer; and that the Whole of the Inflates interested in the Inclosure are assessed to the Land Tax at yf. 172. 4-f. lod. per Annum, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed. That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of the Right honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is Lord of the Manor of Beckley, in the County of Oxford, within which Manor there is a large Waste, called Otmoor, the Soil whereof belongs to the Petitioner, as Lord of the said Manor, and the Parishes, Hamlets, or Town-ships of Beckley, Horton, Murcot, Fencot, Charlton, Od~ dington, and Noke, and the said Waste called Otmoor, lie within the Petitioner’s said Manor of; and

that the Petitioner observes, by the Votes, that a Petition for dividing the said Waste, called Otmoor, has been brought into the House, and is referred to a Committee, praying for Leave to bring in a Bill for draining and dividing the said Common, and for effecting the several Purposes in the said Petition mentioned; and that such Petition was brought in without the Knowledge of the Petitioner, who has been applied to by the Freeholders, Landholders, and Cottagers within the said Parishes, Townships, or Hamlets, which border upon Otmoor, who have Right of Common thereon, to the Amount of upwards of One hundred in Number, requesting the Petitioner to of-pose any such Bill; and, the Petitioner apprehends that such Bill would be greatly injurious to him, and be a lading Detriment to the Commoners: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by his Agents or Counsel, in the said Committee, against the said Petition, and that he may obtain an Order for that Pur-pol'e, or in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the Petition of Esquire,

John Sawyer, Esquire, and other the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Beckley, and Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the said Parish, the Parish of Noke,the Parish of Oddiugton, the Parish of Charlton, and Hamlets of Fencot and Moorcot, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships aforesaid, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of the Coal Trade" and also for repealing an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals " in the Ports o {Newcastleand Sunderland," so far as the fame

Lord Abingdon's Petition against Otmoor Drainage*

Day appointed for Second Reading of Newcastle Costs Trade Bill.

15 6 250 Februarii178s.

fame relates to Ifeweajlle, 'and for substituting other Provisiona for the like Purposes, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Report Eift Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, to whom India judica- jt was referred to examine the several Lifts which had *'*’ been delivered in at the Table, in pursuance of the

Directions of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for the further Regulation of the Trial of Persons accused of certain Offences committed in the East , and for other Purposes therein mentioned; That the Committee had examined the Lifts accordingly; and had directed him to report to the House the Names of every Member whose Name appeared in Twenty or more of the said Lifts; and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table.

The House was moved. That the Clause in the said Act, directing that the Names of such Persons who Should appear to hold, or to have held, any of the Offices or Employments therein specified, should be llruck out of the said Report by the Order of the House, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

The said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

William Henry Lamblon, Esquire, Lord Viscount,

Jose-pb Jekyll, Esquire, Edmund ', Esquire,

William Mainwaring, Esquire, Ambrose Ef-

quire, John Galley Kn, Esquire, Henry Esquire, Philip Tor he, Esquire, William , Ef-

quire, Francis Annejley, Esquire,’ Thomas Powys, Esquire, Henry Beaufoy, Esquire, John James,

Esquire, Sir James Lan Baronet, the Right honourable James Grenville, the Honourable Charles Marsham, Robert Smith, Esquire, the Honourable Thomas Pelham, Brook Watson, Esquire, Lord Lord

George Augustus Henry Cavendish, Sir Matthew White Ridley, Baronet, Sir Robert Cotton, Baronet,

William Morton Pitt, Esquire, Samuel Salt, Esquire, the Right honourable William Windham, Lord Viscount Beauchamp, Sir Edward AJlley, Baronet, Filmer Honywood, Esquire, John Crewe, Esquire, Henry Banker, Esquire, Thomas Stanley, Esquire, Sir William Codring-ton, Baronet, IJaacHawkins Browne, Esquire, William Hujfey, Esquire, William Pulteney, Esquire, Francis Burton, Esquire, John Barrington, Esquire, Reginald Pole Carew, Esquire, Benjamin Letbieullier, Esquire, John Kynaston, Esquire, James Martin, Esquire, John Pollexfen Bastard, Esquire, Addington, Esquire,

Sir George Cornewall, Baronet, the Honourable Dudley Ryder, Charles Pcnruddccke, Esquire, the Right honourable Charles Creville, James Dawkins, Esquire, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Baronet, William Drake, Junior, Esquire, Joshua Grighy, Esquire, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, Baronet, Esquire, Edward

Phelips, Esquire, Sir William Lemon, Baronet.

And Notice being taken. That Francis,

Esquire, One of the Persons named in the said Report, holds the Office of One of His Majesty’s Coun-fel learned in the Law, with a Salary thereunto annexed, and therefore was included within One of the Exceptions contained in the said Act;

The Name of the said Francis Burton, Esquire, was {truck out of the said Report.

Ray appointed Ordered, That the Bill for railing further Sums of *eidin°-nodf Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City

ICxercr fcoor and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and

®il)* amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, be read a Second Time upon Thursday Fortnight, the 13th Day of March next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Day appointed Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the a°CommUtc* whole House, to consider the several Laws now in to consider being, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shorrlings, Kxpariation of Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, |ijcr^.'cWu0'’ and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, c‘ c* made of Wool, (lightly wrought up, or othertvife put together, so as the same may be reduced to and made use of as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds stuffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey,

Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and also to consider an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the winding of Wool.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House °*

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, TiadtBiU. upon the Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign islands in the West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bin toronow for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the ai,‘gre* Commissioners for the Affairs of to direct that Trcopffrrt to

the Expence of railing, transporting, and maintaining ^’dend such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Se- ' curityof the British Territories and Poffdlions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer and Mr,

Dundasdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com- Proc??ding<, pany do lay before this House a Copy of the Proceed- &c-rdlt,ve<« ings relative to the fending of Four of His Majesty’s Regiments to India, with the Cafes and Opinions of India ordered. Counsel thereupon.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee #n to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole sirE?ijaTim-House, to consider further of the several Articles of j>ey deferred. Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, upon VScdncfday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day, do attend the said Committee upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply do to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, teiKd*

§ to

2,8 Geo. III.

H°~-16° Februarii.

*57

Ways and Means deferred.

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j R.efolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into thfc said Committee.

were called over; and they went to the Places iri Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Comminre resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, court'Houi

and Gaol Bill.

And then the House adjourned Mornings Ten of the Clock.

Members to

be examined on Mr. Hastings's Trial*

upon the Bill for taking , down the present Court House and Gaol, and erecting and building a new till Tomorrow Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of Inverness, and for appropriating the Sum of f. i,oooo out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North tain, towards erecting and building the fame;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders of the County of , and of the Magis-

trates and Council of the Town of Inverness, was re-ferred, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair;

Sir Heitor Munro took the Chair of the Committed.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Heitor Munro reported from the Committee;

Martts, 26* die februarii;

Anno 28° Gecrrgii IIP11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

MR. Anstruther, from the Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren HaJUngs, Esquire, acquainted the House, That

they shall have Occasion to examine John Scott, of West Looe, Esquire, and William Devaynes, Esquire, That they had gone through the Bill, and made le-

the Trial of the said

veral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. James Luttrell presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of all Vessels purchased by Order of Ordnance, the Matter General or Board of Ordnance, from the Prc^6n?cd*

I’M-

i:e

CiV

Si:

in*

Members of this House, upon Warren Hastings, Esquire.

The House was moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2d Day of April 1641, respecting Mr. Pymm’s nominating some Members of this House to be examined on the Trial of the Earl of Strafford; together with the Proceedings of the House thereupon, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That a Note of the Names of John Scott, of West Looe, Esquire, and William Devaynes, Esquire, ift of January 1787 to the ift of January 1788, spe-Members of this House, be given to the Serjeant at cifying the Tonnage of, and the Sum paid for, each Arms attending this House; and that he do give No- Vessel, the Names of" the Persons of whom the fame

were purchased, and by whom they were valued, and the Places at which they were valued respectively i And also.

An Account of the Prices paid to Sail Makers, and other Artificers employed in the Repair of the Vessels employed by the Board of Ordnance, on the Rivers Thames and Medway, from the ift of January 1784 to the ift of January 1788, together with the Names of such Sail Makers and Artificers: And also.

Copies ’of all Proposals made by Sail Makers, and other Artificers, for the Repairs of the Vessels employed by the Board of Ordnance oh the Rivers Thames and Medway, from the ift of January 1784 to the ift Of January 1788, together with the Names of fudh Sail Makers and Artificers: And also;

A Return of all Vessels, the Property of Government, employed by the Board of Ordnance on the Rivers Thames and Medway, from the Year 1749 to the Year 17^3, irtclusive; together with an An-count of the Tonnage of each Vessel; the Annual

Accounts and Papers relating to the

tice to the said Members to be present at the Trial of the said Warren Hastings, Esquire, upon all Occasions.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Baitings. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to fter Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the'Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages,

ing

who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately Expence incurred by Wages and Repairs, distinguish-into his Custody.

And he w6nc accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire,

Vql.XLIII.

each; the Number of Men employed, and the Names of the Masters and Mates respectively: And also.

An Account of the Annual Expence incurred by Vessels engaged by Coiitxaft, in the Service of the Board of Ordnance, on the Rivers Thames and

3 U wayt

i6° Februarii.

A,’ 1788.

Petition for supplying Cambridge with Water,

way, from the Year 1749 to the Year 1753, inclusive; Inhabitants, of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop: Wokingham,

together with an Account of the Tonnage of each Vessel, and the Number of Men employed respectively.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, who have thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, who have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the said Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and otherwise improving, the Streets, Lanes, Courts, and other public Passages of the said Town, and for removing all Annoyances, Obstructions, and Incroachments; and that, if the Petitioners were impowered to supply the Inhabitants of the said University and Town with Water from the public Conduit, called Hobjon's Conduit, it would be of great Utility to the said Inhabitants, by being enabled to supply them with Water in a more easy. and cheap Manner than they are at present, they being under the Necessity of purchasing Water from Persons who make it their Bju-finess to supply the Water from the said Conduit: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for the Purpose aforesaid, in such Manner as to the House shall appear expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars, of the University of Cambridge, who have thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Town of Cambridge, whp have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants, of the said Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, is referred: And

respecting the Slave Trade.

And also,.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Bradford, in the County of York:

And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Leeds: And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Sheffield, in the county of:

And also,

A Petition of the Alderman, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town of Wokingham, in the Counties of Berks and Wilts j

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Fileyinclofu several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the 0,1 Township of Filey, otherwise Filo, in the East: and North Ridings of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Smith, Mr. Duncombe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, NorthfieU of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the coin 1 Road leading from the Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from upon

Avon, in the County of Warwic, to in the same County, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Parker Coke, Mr. Lygon, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That there be laid before this Floufe, an Account of the several Persons who have been prose-

Account of Pei fons prose* cuted in Cal*

cuted in the Court of Quarter Sessions in , for cutta for CrU

Criminal Offences, according to the Laws of Eng-

minalOffenccf,

that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and land, from the ift of January 1762 to the ift of OEtcher

' ~~ England,

order'd.

report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Fool and Oswestry Road! Bill committed.

A Bill for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Pool, through Oswestry, to,

from Knockin to Llanrhaiadr, from Whitehurst’s House, in the Road between Oswestry and to Llan-

gollen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh; and for discharging the Trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelley-Roads from the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County of and for making Provision for the future Repair of the said Road, was read a Second Time.

*774$ specifying the Names and Crimes of such Persons, together with the Dates of such Prosecutions respectively, and which of the said Persons were convicted, and the Sentences pronounced on such Convictions, and which of the said Sentences were carried into Execution.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the India Company,

attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Proceedings relative to the fending of Four of His Majesty’s Regiments to with the

Proceedings,

See. relative to lending Regiment! to India, presented.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mostyn Cafes and Opinions of Counsel thereupon. Owen, Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are ’ 1 ’

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition* from Bridgwater, Nottingham, Bridgnorth, Bradford, Leeds, Sheffield, »»d

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bridgwater; And also,

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of Nottingham: And also,

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and other

And. then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said. Paper be printed, as shall be iufbcient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The. said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

4 , A Petition

Mr. Wilkinson's Petition for extending the Line of the Shropshire Navigation.

Committee on Bewley, Conon, and Helml’dale Bridges Report deferred.

The Lords will proceed on Thursday on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

The Lords have agreed to Worcester Roads Bill.

Riddlesden laclosure Bill.

West India Trade Bill deterred.

2 59

A Petition of "John Wilk of , in the County of Salop, Iron Matter, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner finds Application hath been made to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for making a Navigable Canal from Snedfhill Coal and Iron Works, in the Parish of Shifnall, in the said County, to communicate with the River Severn, at or near Colebrook Dale, and at or near Madelcy Wood, in the said County; and that if the Line of the proposed Canal was extended to or near a certain Canal at Donnington Wood (which is only the Distance of One Mile, or thereabouts) such Ex--tension would, in the Opinion of the Petitioner, be very advantageous to the Owners of several valuable Mines of Coal and Ironstone, and of great public Benefit: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the intended Bill, for extending the Line of the said intended Canal to the said Canal at Donnington Wood aforesaid, under such Regulations and Restrictions as the House shall think proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideraition of the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Manufacturers, and others, of the County of Salop, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

The Order of the Day Being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons subscribing, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Counties of verness, Rojs, Cromarty, SutheCaitbness, and the Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, was referred;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Thursday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in minster Hall:And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, for repairing several Roads leading into and near the City of and for re-

pairing certain other Roads therein mentioned; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of Riddlesden, otherwise Morton, or Riddlesden with Morton, in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The other Order of the Day being read 5

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Ittands in the West Indies, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 270 die Februarii;

Anno a8° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1788. Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, ‘ certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor and Parish of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Bleadon,in the County of S.

Ordered, That Mr. Phelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of Richard Brotvne Charlett, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common "Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in Fladbury and and Moor, in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Worcester', and Setting forth, That the Petitioner and others. Owners of Estates in Hill dnd Moor, Part of the Lands included in the said Bill, conceive that their Property will be greatly prejudiced by an Inclosure: And therefore praying. That he may be heard, by himfdf or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect his said Property, and that the same may noc pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, ac the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Hunt reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Reverend Edward Hughes, Clerk, Thomas Williams, Thomas Harrison, and John Esquires, Proprietors of Copper and Brass Works in the County of Flint,on Behalf of themselves, and others, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered if in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Jeffop, an Engineer, being examined, said. That great and extensive Copper and Brass Works, Mines and Works of Lead and Calamine, Coal Mines, and Manufactories of Cotton, are carried on at Greenfield and Holywell, and the Neighbourhood thereof, in the County of Flint.

That it is practicable to make a Navigable Canal, as described in the Plan annexed to the Petition, which he supposes may be executed for the Sum estimated.

That the Proprietors of the said Works, Mines, and Manufactories will derive great Advantage, as well as the Country in general, by making such Canal, whereby a compleat Communication will be opened

between

Bleadon fa» closure Bill passed»

Mr. Charlett'a Petition against Flad* bury Inclosurt Bill.

Flint Canal Petition reported.

between the said Works, Mines, and Manufactories, and the River Dee Navigation at and the

present Difficulties, Delays, and Expence, occasioned by a Land Carriage of near Two Miles, over Sands, Which can only be done at Times of Low Water, will be removed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Pentrc Rock, near the Town of to Greenfield, in

the County of Flint: And that Mr. Hunt, Mr. Call, and Mr. Jack/on, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

hereon A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

asquint N'orih t]iereunt0 fubfrribed, being Commissioners for Drain-

Kyme Dram- . R , r _ .

age Bill, ngcs by the Black Sluice, in the County of Lincoln, appointed under or by virtue of an Act of Parliament, p.iliVJ in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for" draining and improving certain Low Marsh and Fen Lands, lying " between Brian Haven and Bourne, in the Parts of " A left even and Holland, in the County of or

by virtue of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for amending and rendering more effectual the above-mentioned Act, and also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds draining by the said Black Sl, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates draining the reby, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds, in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln j and Setting forth, That the Lands and Grounds draining, through the Works of the Black Sluice, consist of upwards of 64,440 Acres, which have been drained, and considerably improved, at a great Expence to the Proprietors thereof, under the Provisions contained in the said Black Sluice Drainage Acts, and the same are subject to a Yearly Tax for supporting the said Works of Drainage; and that it is proposed, by the said Bill, that the Trustees, to be appointed for carrying the same into Execution, Should, jointly with the Owners and Proprietors of the Low Lands and Fens lying in Billingbay Dales, have and exercise a Power in laying a Tunnel under Kyme Eau, for conveying the Waters from the Low Lands and Fens in North Kyme, through certain Lands draining by the said Black Sluice, and lying within the Boundaries of the Second District, for Drainage by the River IVitbam , and that the Owners and Proprietors of the Lands and Grounds in the said Second District, by several material Alterations in the Country by Works of Drainage and Inclosures, finding it impracticable to drain the same by Langrike as

proposed by an Act, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River Witham, in the said County, they were under the Necelfity of draining by the Black Sluice, and subjecting themselves to a Tax of Six Pence an Acre for the same; and that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the Trustees for executing the same Should be impowered to lay a Tunnel under Kyme Eau, for conveying the Waters from the Low Lands and Fens in North Kyme, for the Purpose of draining the same through the Works of the Black Sluice Drainage, as proposed by the said Bill, it would prove injurious to the Lands through which it would pass, and other Lands draining by the said Black Sluice, and otherwise detrimental to the W orks of the same Drainage: And therefore praying the House to take the Petitioners same into Consideration, and that they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Committee on the said Bill, or at the Bar of this House, if necessary, against the said Bill, and that the fame may not pass into a Law, but under such Regulations as to the House shall seem meet;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Edward Littleton reported from the Committee, Chariley into whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pallures,

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds,

within the Liberties of Droiiiton, and all

within the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Ificlo-sure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. Ahock, from Accounts of the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Oats, export-Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order, of the 9th Day of May, in the last Session of Parliament,

An Account of all Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats, exported from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, from what Port and Place, and the Bounty paid thereon:

And also,

An Account of all Wheat, Barley, Malt, and Oats* sent Coastwise, from the Year 1780 to 1786, inclusive, from what Port or Place, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland-, distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain in each of the said Years: And also.

An Account^ of the Quantity of Wheat, Barley,

Malt, and Oats, imported into that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, from the Year 1780 to 17S6, inclusive; distinguishing the Quantity of each Kind of Grain, and the Duty paid thereon, in each of the said Years, and into what Port or Place the same was imported.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts tlo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from ^u^Cofe, the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; anTcocoi ’ 8 he imp°rlffd»

presented.

1 7° Februarii.

261

Vtcf . Si-

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of Rum, Coffee, and CocOa, imported into the several Ports of Great tain, from the British Sugar Colonies, from Christmat 1786 to Christmas 1787 (O. S.) inclusive; with the Duties of Excise payable on each Article.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read*

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Inhabitants of the ancient Town and Borough of -warki whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

St Peter-Ttf.

Poor Church Petition re-~ ported.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and others, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Peter-le-Poor, in Broad Street, within the City of Londo, on Behalf of themselves and others, the Inhabitants of the said Parish, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; m,

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. fejfe Gibson being examined, said. That he is a Sur-

veyor — That he has surveyed the said Parish Church of Saint Ptter-le-Poor; that the same is in a very ruinous Condition, and incapable of being put into proper Repair — That he thinks it will be better and less expensive to re-build than repair the said Church — That the said Church is situate in a very narrow Part of the said Street, by Rtalon whereof the Passage of the said Street opposite thereto is rendered inconvenient and dangerous — That the taking down of the said Parish Church, and re-building the same on Part of the present Scite thereof, and on other Ground behind the fame, so as to properly widen the Street adjoining thereto, will be of great public Utility; and that, in order the more effectually to carry the said Purposes into Execution, it will be necessary to purchase certain Messuages, Tenements, and Hereditaments, near or adjoining to the said Parish Church, in order to re-build the said Church on the Scite thereof, or of Part thereof. — And the Witness added, That he has made an Estimate of the Expences of re-building the said Church, purchasing the said Messuages, and making the other necessary Improvements, which will amount to about the Sum of Six thousand Pounds. Then

Mr. William George Lewis being examined, said. That in regard to the Convenience and Advantage that will arise to the City of , by widening the said Street, the Corporation of the said City have agreed to contribute a Sum of Money towards the Expences of purchasing the said Houses, re-building the said Church, and widening the said Street.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for pulling down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Peter-le-Poor, within the City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent: And that Mr. Alderman Watfcn and Mr. Alderman do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the

Coihmlttee oil Report of Bewlcy, Cd« non, and Helmfdalft Bridges Petition*

Committee, to whom the Petition of the Persons subscribing, for themselves, and on Behalf of the other Land Owners and Inhabitants of the Counties of Inverness, Ross, Cromarty, Sutherland, Caithness, and the Orkney Islands, and Boroughs therein, was referred, be

now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee}

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir William Cunynghame reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir William Cunynghame accordingly reported from RePor,eJ* the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to . bring in a Bill for appropriating the Sum of f. 11,000 out of the unexhausted Balance, or Surplus, arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards building Bridges over the Rivers Bewley, Conon, and Helmfdale, in North Britain.

And Sir William Cunynghame moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for ordered, appropriating the Sum of £. 12,000 out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards building Bridges over the Rivers Bewlcy, Conon, and Helmfdale, in North Britain:

And that Sir William Cunynghame, Sir Thomas

and Mr. Humberfloun Mackenzie, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the unexhausted Balance, which is subject forfeitedt,e to the Disposition of Parliament, directed by an Act Estates inScot-of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s , and>ordered* Reign to be' paid into the Exchequer in Scotland, by the several Persons to whom the forfeited Estates in Scotland are granted.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Engagements which the late Board of Trustees of the forfeited Estates in Scotland came under, and which were confirmed by Royal Warrant before passing the Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign.

Petitions from

Wind for, Chipping 'Wycombe, Halifax, and Southwark,respecting the Slave Trade.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, and other Inhabitants of the Borough of New Windsor, in the County of Berks: And also,

A Petition of the Corporation and principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Chipping Wycombe, in the County of Bucks: And also,

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town and Neighbourhood of Halifax: And also,

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, Vot. XLIII,

Sir HebJor Munro,according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking down the present Court House and Gaol, and erecting and building a new Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of and for appropriating the Sum of f. 1,000 out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the fame, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he

3 X read

Inverness Court Hous* and Gaol Bill reported.

i6i

iy° Februarii \ 1788.

read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Wher? the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Accounts from The House being informed that Mr.

o£ceb*rvm from Chamberlain of the City of

rented.pr* attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

An Account of the Surplus of the Fund for the Relief of the Orphans and other Creditors of the City of London,on the 5th of 1787: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, on Account of lighting, watching, cleansing, and repairing Blackfriars Bridge, &c. from the 29th September 1786, exclu-' five, to the 29th September 1787, inclusive: And also.

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making a Street or Opening from Moorfields, opposite Chifwdl Street, towards the East, into gate Street, and also from the East End of Ch if well Street West ward into Barbican, from the 29th September 1786, exclusive, to the 29th 1787, inclusive:

And also, #

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for enabling the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of London, to purchase the present Tolls and Duties payable for navigating upon the River ‘Thames, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, from the 29th September 1786, exclusive, to the 29th September 1787, inclusive: And also,

An Account of Money received and paid by the Chamberlain of the City of London, in pursuance of an Act for making, enlarging, amending, and cleansing, the Vaults, Drains, and Sewers, within the City of London, and Liberties thereof, and for paving, cleansing, and enlightening the Streets, Lanes, &c. within the City and Liberty aforesaid, from the 29th September 1786, exclusive, to the 29th 1787, inclu-

five.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Coai"Trade°n Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to Bill to fcmifor explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year and^Re l^e ^eiSn of Queen intituled, "An Act to Lids. " diiTolve the present, and prevent the future, Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Mailers of " Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals,

" in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the Coal Tradeand also an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for " the better Regulation of the Coal Trade;" and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

FlintR*id Mt1. Hunt reported from the Committee, to whom

Vtution it- the Petition of Thomas Williams, John Wilkinson, and

potM ’ Edward Jones, Esquires, on Behalf of themselves and

others, Proprietors of Lands in the County of Flint, and in the Town of Flint, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William JeJfop being examined, said, That the public Highway leading from the City of to the Town

of Flint, in the County of Flint, beginning in the Township of Saltney, in the Parish of Hawarden, in the same County, at the Distance of Two Miles and a Half, or thereabouts, from Chester aforesaid, is much out of Repair, in many Places narrow, and very circuitous, and, passing along the Coast of the Estuary of the River Dee, is miry, deep, broken, obstructed by deep Gutters, and Overflowed by the Tide of the Sea, so that Carriages cannot travel it, and many Parts thereof are dangerous and frequently impafiable.

That the same may be advantageoufiy diverted, and a safe, level, useful, and necessary Highway may be made to the said Town of Flint, where it will join the Turnpike Road already made, leading from thence to Holywell in the County of Flint, and thereby the Distance between Chester and Flint would be lbortened upwards of Two Miles, and many steep Hills avoided; that the making of such Road would be of great public Utility, by facilitating the Communication with Ireland, as well as of Convenience to the Neighbourhood; but that the same cannot be effected without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the Parish of Hawarden,in the County of Chester, to the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint: And that Mr. Hunt, Sir Roger Mojlyn, and Mr. Williams, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Bill »r«mo* House, according to Order, a Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for Troops fentto the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as F may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Accyiof^ Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with outwards, and their Tonnage, cleared Outwards, from the different of Goods m-Ports of Great Britain for the Coast of Africa; distinguishing each Port, for the Years 1772, 1773, 1774, Africa,flriwd. 1775, and 1776.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the Coast of Africa from the several Ports of Great Britain for the same Period; distinguishing each Port; and also distinguishing what Proportion of Goods so exported were British, Foreign, or purchased from the East India Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, cleared Outwards, from the different 5 Ports

Ports of Great Britain for the Coast of Africa; distin-guithingeach Port, for the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, 17^6, and 1787.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered fur Exportation to the Coast of Africa from the several Ports of Great Britain for the same Period; distinguishing each Port; and also distinguishing what Proportion of the said Goods so exported were British, Foreign, or purchased from the East India Company.

then* Pembroke, Cardigan, MCarnarvon,

glefey, Flint, Denbigh, Chester,

and Cumberland, and for North Britain, and the Principality of Wales -, and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records 5 and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee ou f»COtflt£w-' Thc House was moyed» That the Order made upon a Committee of the whole House, to consider further ^'Sijdt ctiE* c oif Monday last, for reading a Second Time, upon that of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and impey.

Tra.«. Bill Day Sevennight, the Bill for rendering more effectual Misdemeanors against Sir Knight, late

werre an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at

Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the port William in Bengal-,

" better Regulation of the Coal Trade and also for Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

repealing an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of Mr. Windham took the Chair of the Committee.

the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.,

to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Mr. Windham reported from the Committee, That

"Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," so far as the they had further examined the same Witness, and had same relates to Newcastle, and for substituting other also examined another Witness, and had made a further

Provisions for the like Purposes, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Yuefday Morning next.

Order for going The Order of the Day being read, for the House to mittee w"con- tefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fider Laws for to consider the several Laws now in being, for prevent-I*Tertatifn of in§ t*ic Exportation of Live Sheep, and Lambs, Wool, Sheep, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worf-cha md d f* ted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manu-rged* fastures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool, slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Ul'e of, as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the I lies of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and also to consider an Act passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the winding of Wool;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Committecap. Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to confi-pointedtocon- der the several Laws now in being, for preventing the preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Exportation of Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, K^00’’ Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Ful-lingClay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and also to consider an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the winding of Wool; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Phelips, Mr. Rolle, Mr. Vyner, Sir John Mr. Alderman

Newnbam, Mr. ‘Thornton, Sir Gilbert Elliot, Mr.

ley, Mr. Scott, Mr. Sheridan, Sir John ‘Trevelyan, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hujfey, Mr. Phipps, Sir Peter Burrell, Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Addington, Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Black-bume, Mr. Marffam, Mr. Berkeley: And all the Members who serve for the Counties of Middle-fen, Essex, Kent, Herts, Surrey, Northumber-

land, Durham, York, Lincoln, Norfolk, Suffolk, Hants, Dorset, Devon, Cornwall, Somerset, Glamorgan,

Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn*-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day (except Mr.

Samuel Volfree and Mr. James Durnford) do attend the said Committee upon Friday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read }

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply Je-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ftrred House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Wxy^and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for regulating the defend. Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 2 8* dieFebruarii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIP" Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

IR John Eden reported from the Committee, to Knapton Tn-whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the cl°r’t"^ BlUre' Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, P° within the Manor or Lordship, and Township of Knap-ton, in the County of the City of York, was committed;

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and

made

2^4

2 8° Febru

A. 1788.

Spann Smithy Road Petition reported.

made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

- Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton repotted from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, of the several Parishes of

Warmingham, Sandbach, Lawton, and Bartbomley, in the County of Chester, and in the County of

Stafford, and the Vicinities thereof, was referred j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 5 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitionj Ralph Leeke, Esquire, being examined, laid. That the

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster and clear the fame of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custoay.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in -minster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh presented to Blminglw.

Road leading from Spann Smithy, in the Townlhipo the House, according to Order, a Bill for re-building

Inverness Court House and Gaol Bill passed.

Elton, in the Parish of Warmingham through Sandbach, and over Lawton Heath, and by Lawton Gate to the lower End of a Lane called Lane, in Lawton,

in the County of Chester, and from thence up the said Lane to Talk, in the Parish of Audley, in the County of Stafford, is much out of Repair, narrow, and dangerous for Travellers, and cannot be amended by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, in the Parish of Warmingham, through Sandbath, and over Lawton Heath, by Lawton Gate, to the lower End of a Lane, called Linley Lane, in Lawton, in the County of Chester, and from thence up the said Lane to Talk, in the Parish of Audley, in the County of Stafford: And that Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton and Mr. Crewe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for taking down the present Court House and Gaol, and creating and building a new Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of Invemeffs, and for appropriating the Sum of

— prefinted.

the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, whose Names BridgeBiU. are thereunder signed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill is depending, for enabling the Right honourable George Earl Brook and Earl of Warwick to build a new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, whereby the said Earl will be empowered to flop up several Roads, Streets, and Passages leading to the present Bridge over the said River Avon, and the Mayor, Aldermen, and

£. 1,000 out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus Btirgefies of the said Borough will be Enabled to pay

arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the fame, -was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for taking down the present Court House and Gaol, and erecting and building a new Court House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of Inverness, and for appropriating the Sum of £. 1,000

unto the said Earl or his Heirs, out of certain Rents and Profits of Estates, now veiled in them, called King Henry the Eighth's Estates, a certain Sum of Money towards the Expence of building the said intended new Bridge; and that the Petitioners are assured, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, that, instead

set

of being a public Benefit and Convenience, as forth in the Preamble of the said Bill, it will be very out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from injurious to the Interests of the Inhabitants of the said the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting Borough, as it will be the Means of turning the Road and building the fame. now leading through the principal Streets of the said Bo-

Ordered, That Sir Heft or Munro do carry the Bill to rough, along the Back Lanes and Roads thereof, thereby

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hatting?. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Ilouft;, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

preventing Travellers passing through the said Borough, as heretofore; and, the Petitioners arc also assured, that the present Bridge over the River Avon is not in so ruinous a Condition, but that, with some necessary and timely Repairs (which may be done at a small Expence) the same will Hand even for Ages, and that the said old Bridge, in its present Situation, is more commodious, and of much greater Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, than the intended new Bridge, and, above all, that the Money proposed to be paid by the said Mayor, Aldermen, and 9 Burgesses,

Si

1

:/Ti

Burgesses, to the said Earl, towards the Expence of building the intended new Bridge, will be an unprecedented and oppressive Misapplication of the Charity Money, as tending only to lefien the Expences which the said Earl voluntarily incurs in improving his own Domain, without the least Advantage to the Inhabitants of the said Borough, but with great Injury to many beneficial Purposes for which the said Charity Money was intended and directed to be employed: And therefore praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and that they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, or that the Petitioners may have such Relief therein as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by, themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

North Kyme and Billinghay Dales, as proposed by the said Bill; and that, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law, and the Trustees for executing the same should be impowered to lay a Tunnel under Kyme Eau, for conveying the Waters from the Low Lands and Fens in North Kyme, for draining the same through the said Second District, as proposed by the said Bill, it will be highly prejudicial to the Lands and Property within the said District, and endanger the same to be Overflowed in flooded Seasons, whereby the Petitioners, and the Owners of the said Lands and Grounds, and the Tenants and Occupiers thereof, will be greatly injured: And therefore praying the House to take their same into Consideration, and that they may have Leave to be heard, by their Counsel, at the Committee on the said Bill, or at the Bar of this House, if necessary, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill' is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

VoicestoCom- Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the

st'cttonUi Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclos-

doturc Bill. ing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Strettcn in the Dale, in the County of , is committed.

Petition A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are

gainst North thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners of the Se-geBUl/ain* cond District: for Drainage by the River in the County of Lincoln, appointed under or by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament, passed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands,

" called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River lc Witham,in the County of and for restoring

" and maintaining the Navigation of the said River " from the High Bridge, in the City of , through

" the Borough of Bcfto to the Sea," several of whom are also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the said District, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the same District, was presented to the Floufe, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln-, and Setting forth. That the Lands and Grounds comprized in the said Second District consist of upwards of 18,000 Acres, which have been drained and considerably improved by Sluices and Drains, made at a great Expence to the Proprietors of Estates within the said District, under the Provisions contained in the said Act, and Two

other Acts of Parliament for Drainage by the Black Sluice, in the said County of Lincoln, and the same are subject to a Yearly Tax of Twenty Pence an Acre, upon an Average, for supporting the several Works of Drainage within the said District; and that it is proposed, by the said Bill, that the Trustees to be appointed for carrying the same into Execution should, jointly with the Owners and Proprietors of the Low Lands and Fens lying in Billinghay Dales, have and exercise a Power in laying a Tunnel under Kyme Eau, for conveying the Waters from the Low Lands and Fens in North Kyme, through the said Second District; and the Petitioners apprehend that the Works of Drainage executed by them, and at the foie Expence of the Proprietors of Estates in the said District, will be overcharged, and consequently destroyed, from the additional Quantity of Water which would drain from Vol. XLIII.

A Petition of the Clergy, and principal Inhabi- Petition* tants, of the Town and Neighbourhood of Blackburn, bumfncT " in the County Palatine of Lancaster: And also, Btwdieyre-

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of g^xtad*. Bewdley, in the County of Worcester;

Were severally presented to the House, and read;

Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table'.

The House being informed that Mr. Smith, from R;cilrnmj the Commissioners of Richmond Battended at the Bridge Cafo Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented (^tce°(jintl’ie’ to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, <c Richmond Bridge Calli Account, 1787."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Poor Bill or-for the more effectual Relief of the Poor: And that dered- Mr. Rolle, Mr. Bastard, Mr. Baring, and Mr. Beaufoy, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Melfage from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. The Lords

Walker: will proceed

Mr. Speaker, £3?.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this tings s Trial. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, ia Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. William WGrenville do West India make the Report from the Committee of the whole Trade Bill House, to whom the Bill for regulating the Trade be- reporte ‘ tween the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of 3 Y America,

1

2.66 28° — 290

America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West was committed.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris, 290 die Februarii j

Anno 28’ Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788.

P a A Y £ ft. s.

Tiiti of Mr. /ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending

Hiding-. this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lob-

by, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Hall, and clear the fame of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

MaMraeth,

Mr. Bayly presented to the House, according to &c-J"clofu,e Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Marfti or Bill prefcmed. Common, called Malldraeth and Corjddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and for embanking the said Marfti or Common, and for making Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the fame, and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Februarii. A. 1788.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Kirkbymoor. Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste am commit? Lands, within the Townships of - t«d.

moor, and Gillamoor, in the Parish of Kirkbymoorfide, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Wilberforce, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s.

Chamber.

Sir John Eden reported from the Committee, to CutencU whom the Bill for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York,to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence

to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Aits into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keepirtg in Repair the said Road, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Tablet Where the Amendment^ Were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gascoyne presented to the House, according to Liverpool Order, a Bill for enlarging and varying some of the Watch.&c. Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relat- Bl11 ing to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- BlidwortK mi cording to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening n'?,’,ol'lRol(l* the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turn- " w pike, in the Liberty of Blidworth,to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of Kirkby in Act.fteld, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit- ParwUMn. tee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, or Stinted Pastures, lying within the ref>or Parish of Parwich, in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of die Committee (except the Owners of Etta res entitled to Six Bead Gates, who could not be met with; and that there are 397-J Bead; Gates, and 224 Sheep Gates, belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments

thereunto.

2 90 Februarii.

267

Alfreton Road Bill reported.

Mansfield Road Bill reported.

thereunto, which they had direrted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendifio reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfret on Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin's, in the Parish of M, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley to the Nottingham

Turnpike Road near Tanfley, in the County of and from Woolley Moor to the Cheficrfield Turnpike Road at Kclfiidge, in the said County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish be added to Member the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and *nd bring in, a Bill for amending, widening, turning; and Roads Bill, keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Walsall to Hamfield Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Hutton Coldfield, all in the County of Stafford.

Lord George Cavendifio presented to the House, ac- Walsall Road*

cording to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, turn- Bill ing, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Walsall to Hamfield Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Walsall and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are petition from

and made several Amendments thereunto; which they thereunto subscribed, being Owners and PartOwners of owners of

had direrted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and* upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Lord George Cavendifio reported from the Committee,

to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of

Ships using the Coal Trade on the River Tyne, was 00

presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of Tyneagamft the Bill for rendering more effectual an Art, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Ma- Bill. " jesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation " of the Coal Trade," and also for repealing an Art, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate " the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of " Newcastle and Sunderland," so far as the same relates to Newcastle, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend, that the said Bill, if passed into

His present Majesty King George the Third, for re- a Law, will be materially injurious to their Interests,

Cold tnd Silver Lace Bill reposted.

pairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and ChefierfieldTurnpike Road, near the Nine Mile

Stone from Mansfield, through Temple-Normanton, Tup-ton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Buntingfield Nook, in the Parish of AJbover,in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direrted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to ifrhom the Bill to amend, and render more effectual, an Art, made in the Fifteenth Year of his late

and that the Regulations, proposed to be established by the said Bill, will be attended with Confusion and Delay, and will discourage the Shipping from using the said Port: And therefore praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was also presented to the House, and read; Likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners have much Reason to apprehend that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will be very detrimental to the Coal Trade of the Port of Newcastle, by putting the same under the Controul and Management of a Committee of Ship Owners, and by loading it with a very unnecessary Expence, and that the Vend of Coals from the said Port must necessarily decrease, to the great Injury, as well of the public Revenue, as of those Majesty King George the Second, intituled, " An Art Dues which the Petitioners are entitled to by Prescrip-

Petition from the Corporation of Newcastle, against Do Bill.

to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver " Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions c* of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making ,c of Gold and Silver Thread," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had direrted him to report to the House; and he read the Repo'rt in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

tien, and under various Charters, in Consideration of which they incur a considerable Expence in maintaining and supporting the Harbour and Port of New-cafile: And therefore praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

A Petition of the Mailer, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of the Port of Ne-wcafile, was likewise presented to the House, and read; Also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth, That the Peti-

Petition from the Trinity House of Newcastle against D» Bill.

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question tioners apprehend, that the said Bill, if passed into a severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. Law, will be materially injurious to the Port of New-

x

168 290 Februa 1788.

tajlle, and, that the Regulations proposed to be established thereby will tend to decrease the Vend of Coals, the Staple Commodity of that Part of the Country, and will discourage the Increase of Seamen,

,of which the Coal Trade is the great Source and Nur-fery: And therefore praying, That they may be heard at the Bar of the House, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Courilel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

Petition from A Petition of the Merchants, Tradesmen, and prin-rfMSSr c'Pa^ Inhabitants of the Town of upon Tyne,

against the ’ and its Environs, was presented to the House, and NewcaftieCoal rcacj. Taking Notice of the Bill for rendering more u e 1 effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade," and also for repealing an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships ct with Coals in the Ports of and

" land" so far as the same relates to and for

substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes; and Setting forth. That the Coal Trade of the Port of . Newcastle is the Staple Trade of that Part of the Coun-

try, and is the Means of Support to many Thousands of Pitmen and other Persons employed therein, as well as the great Nursery and Source of Seamen; and that the Petitioners have Reason to believe, that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, will lessen the Vend of Coals from the said Port, and be materially detrimental to the general Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, and that the Petitioners may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wandon in- Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do make the Report closure re- from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing rt*oite<r<J B l* anc* lnc ^ng several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise don, in the County of Bucks, was re-committed.

Mr. Blackburne accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mcmbtradded Ordered, That Sir John Thorold be added to the Cento biing in tlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a BeUea^inclo- pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several lure Bill. Proprietors of Lands within the Parishes or Townships of Swaby and Belleau, in the County of Lincoln.

Swaby and Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according fureBiUlnC'°" to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain lemed. Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Parishes of Swaby and Belleau, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and Giafrowand enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign committed, of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of G so far as relates to the Road leading from Glaj to Dumbarton, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Elphinstone, Sir Archibald Edmonstone, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants of Eastindi« England trading to The East Indies, was presented to the Coirpa y i House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for re- tiK&iufre-moving any Doubt respecting the Power of the Com- move Doubt* missioners for the Affairs of India to direct, that the Troops km to Expence of raising,transporting, and maintaining, such th* East indies. Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in The East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions; and Setting forth. That the said Bill, if carried into a Law, will be subversive of the Petitioners Rights, and highly injurious to their Interests: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, and may be relieved in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy Lettcnfrom of a Letter from Sir Archibald Campbell, to the Court campbHiaLi of Directors of the East India Company, dated 24th Mr. Halting*, June 1785, proposing a Military Establishment for India, with several Enclosures on the Subject. biiihnwitior

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Indu.orftwa!. Copy of a Letter from Warren Ilajlings, Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated Cheltenham, 15th August 1785, containing his Sentiments thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Copy of a Letter from Sir Archibald Campbell, to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 26th August 1785, in Reply to Mr. s Letter.

Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, Committ* notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House. ,0

The House,' according to Order, resolved itself into Committeem a Committee of the whole House, to consider further sirE^aft*1" of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Imp«y. Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House being informed. That there was a Message from the Lords;

Resolved, That this House will, after they shall have received the said Message, resolve itself into a Committee


The Lor<U Twill proceed on »he 10th of Apnl on Mr* Haltings's Trial*

House resolves to adjourn to Monday*

Committee on Charge agan It Sir Elijah Impey,

Supply de«

ferred.

Ways and Means deferred*

mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this Hcfe, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hafiings, Esquire, on the

10th Day of April next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Mefifengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Then the House, according to the Order made this Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort , in Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo ’Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Wit-nelTcs, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered

to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Noblemen, and the hum- Petition from ble Petition of the several Gentlemen, Clergy, Free-holders, and Manufacturers of the County and City of Stourbridge Worcester, and of several other Persons whose Names Canal Pennon, are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioners observe by the Votes, that a Petition hath been presented for Leave to bring in a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Cut or Canal from the Stourbridge Canal Navigation, to communicate with the River at a Place called Diglis, near Worcester: And praying.

That the Bill prayed for by the said Petition may be passed into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir William Dolben reported from the Committee, WotuiUnin to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open ^'rrt^'u and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollaston, in the County of Northam, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 'April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Eight Yard Land?, who could not be met with, or who were wrote to and returned no Answer, and also except the Owners of One Yard Land, who refused to consent to the Bill { and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consist of Ninety Yard Lands, or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One -, and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Luncei 3° Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

Petition from /% PETITION of the Inhabitants of the Town P^mouth’ i \ and Neighbourhood of Mansfield, in the County Norwich, and of Nottingham: ’ And also,

®er*ick»"- A Petition of the Aldermen, Common Councils' veTrade, rnen, Freemen, and Inhabitants of the Borough of Plymouth: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Commonalty of the City of Norwich, in Common Council assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough of Berwick upon Tweed;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Vol. XLIII.

Mr. Penruddocke presented to the House, according Nttherf.avfn to Order, a Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Inclosure Bill Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Prefcnled« Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of other-

wife Netheravon, in the County of Wilts: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the ScMr Bridge Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and Rua*1BiI1 widening the Road from Scole Bridge to the Town of comnllttc<, Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the said Act, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Rous, Sir William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Hungerfiord presented to the House, according LeiccfWsnd to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road prefcnwtU from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the

3 Z Counties

Chartley Tn-closure Bill passed.

Petition from Sunderland against the Newcastle and Sunderland Coil Trade Bill.

270 30 Martii.1788*

Counties of Leicester and Northampton,at Gravel Pit Port of Sunderland \ and that the Port and Haven of

Clo/e, near FojlonLane, to the Hinckley and AJl.'ly de la Sunderland is only adapted by Nature for the convenient,

Zouch Turnpike Road, at BarlefloneLane End, in the Reception of small Ships, notwithstanding upwards of

said County of Leicester: And the same was received; f. ibo,oooo has been expended by the Coal Owners and

and read the First Time. Fitters of the said Port in improving the Harbour,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. and from the said Port of Sunderland, Five thousand

Sail of Ships, and upwards, arc cleared Outwards An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the fe- with Coal6 ^Annually, Coastways and Foreign, near veral Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Two thousand Cargoes of which are exported by about

Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Three hundred Sail of Ships belonging to the said Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within Port; and that, in the Town of Sunderland, and its the Liberties of Drointott, Lea, and Amerton, all within Environs, are many Merchants, Tradespeople, and the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford, was above Thirty thousand Inhabitants, whose chief Sup-read the Third Time. port and Dependence is upon the Coal Trade carried

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title on at the said Port, and if the said Bill Should pass be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several into a Law, it would greatly tend to the Ruin of the Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Com- said Port, by transferring the chief Part of the Coal mons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Trade carried on there to the Port of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by the Liberties of Drointon, Lea, and Amerton, all within themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford. Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-

Ordered, That Sir Edward Littleton do carry the hie, until the Bill for the better Regulation of the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of New-

castle and Sunderland, be read a Second Time; and A Petition of the Coal Owners, Fitters, Merchants, that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or and principal Inhabitants of the Port of Sunderland,in Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if the County of Durham, and its Environs, was pre- they think fit.

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at Petition from the Owners and Part Owners of Ships the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the belonging to the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, using said Petition, the Coal Trade in the said Port, having been pre-

fented to the House, for Leave to bring in a Bill for Mr. Je reported from the Committee, to whom cierkenw^li

the better Regulation of the Loading of Ships with the Bill for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Church Bill

Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, the Clerkenwell, in the County of and for build* rtpotW

Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that ing a new Church, and making a new Church Yard

it was without their Knowledge or Consent that Sun- or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Ave-

derland was included in the said Petition; and that, nues and Passages thereto, was committed; That the

since the passing of the Act of the Sixth of His pre- Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill,

sent Majesty, for regulating the Loading of Ships and found the same to be true; and that the Com-

with Coals at the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, mittee had gone through the Bill, and made several

there has been no Instance of any Matter of a Ship Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

(complying with the said Act) that has had the least to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Cause of Complaint against any Fitter in the Port of Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the

Sunderland, for not giving him his fair and regular Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Turn, without any Regard to the Burthen of the Vef- Amendments were Once read throughout; and then

fcl, neither have they the least Objection to be in- a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question

eluded in any Act for giving to all Ships, without severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Respect to their Burthens, a fair and regular Turn; Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be and that it evidently appears to the Petitioners, that ingrossed. the Bill, presented in pursuance of the said Petition,

is founded in Partiality to the Interest of the Owners An ingossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Headboum of small Ships, and more particularly to that of the closing, the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Worthy in-several Coal Owners upon the River Lyne, whose Coal Pastures, Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, c'°^e Bl11 Staiths are situated below Newcastle Bridge, and there- Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable pa e ’

by renders them capabk of loading small Ships under Places, within the Parish of Headboum in the

their Coal Spouts, a Mode of loading which, respect- County of Southampton, was read the Third Time, ing Ships intending for Foreign, and entered Coast- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title wife, may prove highly prejudicial to His Majesty’s be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Revenue; and the Petitioners in particular beg Leave Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, to observe, that, by a most Angular and unreasonable Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Clause in the said Bill, " that nothing in the Act con- Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places,

" tained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to within the Parish of Headboum Worthy, in the County " Ships or Vessels not exceeding in Burthen Six of Southampton.

" Keels, carrying Coals Coastways to any Port of Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the " Great Britain (except the Port of London) or to any Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

" Foreign Port, all which Ships or Vessels, such Fit-

" ter, Agent, or Vender, shall be at full Liberty to The House was moved. That the Order made upon Order for Ely " load at any Time, and in any Manner, he shall the 18th Day of February last, " That Leave be given

" think properall Ships of Six Keels or under, " to bring in a Bill to amend and render effectual an and another

would be exempted at Newcastle from lying Turn to ,c Act of the Thirty-first: Year of King George the Se- Bill ordered,

load there with Ships of greater Burthen, which would " cond, for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands

not only be highly prejudicial to the Owners of large " and Low Grounds in the lfle of and County of Ships using the said Port of Newcastle, but render " Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse, such Ships of little Value, and a\Co be very injurious " and Mildenhall Rivers, and bounded on the South and destructive to the Coal Trade carried on at the " East by the Hard Lands of

" and

3° Martii.

171

" and Wicken, and for impowering the Governor, Bailiffs, ^nd Commonalty of the Company of Conservaters of the Great Level of the Fens, called " Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said tc Limits, commonly called Invefed , and for

" laying certain Rates on Vessels navigated upon the

sioners for India Affairs to the Court of Directors of wifonent U the East India Company, dated 18th August 1785; to- orde^ gether with the Letter, N® 71, Cent therewith, and the Dispatch thereof to India.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the said Court of Directors to the said

said Rivers, towards supporting the Banks thereof," Commissioners for India Affairs, dated 26th

might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and render effectual an Act of the Thirty-first Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and *« Low Grounds in the Ille of Ely, and County of of the Proceedings of the East India Company, since

WanJon Inclosure Bill passed.

West India Trade Bill pailtiL

Ely Drainage BilJ prefemed.

Cambridge, between the Cam, otherwise Grant, Ouse,

" and MildenhallRivers, and bounded on the South

" East by the Hard Lands of , Soham,

and IVicken, and for impowering the Governor,

" Bailiffs, and Commonalty of the Company of Conlervators of the Great Level of the Fens, called " Bedford Level, to fell certain Lands within the said " Limits, commonly called Lands:" And that

Mr. Ilobart and Sir Edward do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ilobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and render effectual an Act of the Thirty-fu'ft Year of King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the lile of " Ely, and County of Cambridge, between the Cam,

<c otherwise Grant, Ouse, and Mildenhall Rivers, and " bounded on the South East by the Hard Lands of " IJleham, Fordbam, Soham, and IVicken, and for im-

" powering the Governor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty <c of the Company of Conservators of the Great

Level of the Fens, called Bedford Level, to fell

1785, concerning the Military Establishment.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the said Commissioners to the said Court of Dir.eftors, dated 5th September 1785, on the same Subject.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy p rdceedlngft

" " relative to

feuding Four

20th February last, relative to fending Four of His' RCg,menist<j Majesty’s Regiments to India. India,ordered.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from p,per, pre. the Directors of the East India Company, attended at fcnted. the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Sir Archibald Campbell sir A. Camp-to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, bell's L",ei to dated 24th June 1785, proposing a Military Establish- o7the'jUftr* ment for India, with several Enclosures on the Sub- Com-jest: And also, p*ny‘

N° 2. Copy of a Letter* from Warren Hastings, Mr. Hidings’* Esquire, to the Court of Directors of the Letter to D".

Company, dated Cheltenham, 15th August 1785, containing his Sentiments thereon; And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Sir Archibald Campbell sir A. Camp-to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dated 26th August 1785, in Reply to Mr.

Letter: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the several Persons who have Account of been prosecuted in the Court of Quarter Sessions in Ciu"

Calcutta, for Criminal Offences, according to the cutra, for Cri-

certain Lands within the said Limits, commonly Laws of England, from the ill of January 1762 to

minal Offcn-

Letters concerning the Military Efta-

*c called Invested Lands And the same was received } and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ir.grossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise Wave in the County of

Bucks, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open Arable Fields, Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Walk Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wan-d:n, otherwise Wavendon,in the County of Bucks.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, anti desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the West India Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of rica, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign lllands in The West Indies, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty's Colonies and Plantations in North America and in the JlIndia Islands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign Islands in The West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable the Commis-

the 1 ft of October 1774, specifying the Karnes and to the Laws Crimes of such Persons, together with the Dates of England-such Prosecutions respectively, and which of the said Persons were convicted, and the Sentences pronounced on such Convictions: And also,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Letter from the Commissioners for India Affairs to the Court of Directors of the East India Company, dared the 18th India Attair* August 17851 together with the Letter, N® 71, sent l?.th*Court of therewith, and the Dispatch thereof to And ‘r* °‘s’

also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the said Court of Di- ^om rectors to the said Commissioners for the Affairs of Ihe raid c'om-India, dated 26th August 1785, concerning the said missioners. Military Establishment: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the said Commission- Letter from ers to the said Court of Directors, dated the 5th September 1785, on the same Subject: And also, the Directors.

N° 4. Copy of the Proceedings of the East India Proceeding* Company, since 20th February last, relative to fend- 'foi

ing Four of His Majesty’s Regiments to India.

Together with Lifts of the said Papers and Account.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lifts were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Parwidi in-Open Fields, or Stinted Pastures, lying within the pa"r"d*Blil Parish of Farvoich, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open f Fields,

ng Four Regiments to Iudia.

Account of Coniblidated Fund ordered.

Estimafe of Grois Receipt, &c. of Customs, ordered.

Committee appointed to preparcMilitia E It i mate.

King's Consent to Mow-iiey Indofuie JM1.

Counsel beard on Second Reading of Rill to remove Doubts respecting Troops sent to the East Indies,

30 Martii. A. 1788.

Yields, or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich,in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarters ending on the ioth of October 1787, and the 5th of "January 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Estimate of the Gross Receipt, Payments, and Net Produce of the Revenue of Customs in England, for Two Years, to the 5th of January 1788, and the Payments into the Exchequer.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia for the Year 1788.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Steele, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s. Interest is concerned in the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mow fey, in the County of Leicester;which Bill was, upon the 25th Day of February last, read a Second Time, and committed;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining,such Troops as may be judged necessiry for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in 'Che East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time. Then the Counsel against the Bill were called in And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the United Company of Merchants of England trading to The East Indies, was also read.

And the Counsel against the Bill were heard; and, having proposed to produce Evidence to prove a Correspondence between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and the Court of Directors of the East India Company, respecting MeasurS to be adopted for the Payment of the King’s Troops in India, under the Act of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, subsequent to the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, for the Regulation and Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, and of the British Possessions in India;

The same was objected to.

And then the Counsel were directed to withdraw. And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Counsel for the Petitioners be at Liberty to produce the Evidence proposed,

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J Jn8

Tellers for the Noes, |

So it paired in the Negative.

Then the Counsel were again called in; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

And then the Counsel were again directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Correspond. pies of the Correspondence, in the Year 1787, between the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the ment of Ar-Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and the Court ^^s0tos1fn‘ng ! of Directors of the East India Company, relative to indi°^oider-the Payment of Arrears due on Account of the King’s Troops in India, under the Act of the Twenty-first of His present Majesty, for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the East India Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the Recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company; together with a Copy of the Orders sent to India in Consequence of that Correspondence.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the said Bill, BUI commit-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. ted*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Pa- F.aft inJia pers and Account which were this Day presented to the House, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East pnnc India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Second Read-Wednesday last, for reading a Second Time, Tomorrow cafij^clX Morning, the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, Trade Bill fnade and passed in the Third Year of the Reign of deferred, his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Re-ts gulation of the Coal Trade and also for repealing an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to c< regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Cf Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," so far as the same relates to Newcastle, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Oiider be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next*

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words cc Monday Morning next," and inserting the Words €€ this Day Six <c Weeks," instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words u Monday Morning next " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

TdlmforcheYeas^he^dM^, J

Tellers for the Noes, j Erskine, j8>

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words this Day Six Weeks " be inierted instead thereof;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Six Weeks.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Supply dt-Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the *crrcd' whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Ways and Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Mean*-e whol« trK *

Martii.

flCI

closure B! reported

ill

Maidstone Roait Bill reported*

toholo House, to consider Further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

275

Martis, 40 d Martii 5

Anno a8* Georgii IIl, H Regis, 1788;

Pa A

YERS.

MR. Hungerford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadow*; and'Comfnons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of in

the County of Leicester, was committed $ That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Half a Yard Land, or thereabouts, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed consist of 48 Yard Lands, or thereabouts? and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon; were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

therein mentioned; to which the Lofds desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed that Mr. , Clerk to the Company of Mercers of the City of attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at tfte Bar, presented to the House,

A Paper, intituled, " The Accounts of the War- dens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London, from the 10th of " 1786 to the 10th of October 1787, directed to be laid before eadh House of Parliament By Two «c Acts, one of the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Annuitants of " the Wardens and Commonalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of; and the other of the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Bond and other Creditors of the Wardens and Commohalty of the Mystery of Mercers of the City of London."

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was rfcaef.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon ihe Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session;

Mr. reported from the Committee, to

whom the bill to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing

and-widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debt-

ling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bob-

iing, in the County of Kent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be tFue; and that the Committee had f^gone through the . Bill,' and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him and requesting that the Prayer thereof may be grant to report to the House; and he read the Report in ed. his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain OpCn Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grbunds, within the Town-Ihips or Parishes of Swaby and in the Codnty

of Lintoln,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be comniired to Sir John Thorold, Mr. Anderson Pelham, &c.: Ahd they are to meet this Afternoon, at Fife of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging 2nd varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets and other Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gas-coyne, the Lord Pclirbyn, &c.: And they ire to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Cloik, in the Spfeakfcr’sl Chamber.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Borough and Corporation of Liver-fool, in the County of Liincaftet in Common Council assembled. Was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Application for the said Bill;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord* hvtt parted Reade's JEilato

A Petition of the Retail Shopkeepers residerit iri Liverpool, was presented to the House, and read; Complaining of the Tax on Retail Shops; and praying the House to grant the Petitioners such Relief as A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. may appear equitable.

Walker: Ordered, That the skid Petition do lie upon the

Mr. Speaker, Table.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act

for vetting the Real Estate of Thomas Reade, Esquire, A Petition of the Mayor; Aldefmert, Gentlemen, and Elizabeth Reade, his Daughter, fityate in Shirbum, principal Tradesmen, and Inhabitants of the ancient Brittwell, Sallome, Lewknor, Stokenchurch, and Kings-_ City of Durham, was presented to the House, and

ton Blount, in the County of in 'Thomas Earl of

Macclesfield, and his Heirs, and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, in Manner Vojl. XLIII.

read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands in the Neighbourhood of Durham, and other Inhabitants of the said

City, derive great Advantage from the Coal Works

4 A carried

Account front Mercers Company, prclent* *d.

Swaby and Belleau Inclosure Bill mitted#

Liverpool Watch, &c; Bill committed.

Petition from the Corpora^ tien of Liverpool in favour of D* Bill,

Liverpool Petition again!! the Shop Tax#

Petition from Durham against the Newcalile and Sunderland Coil Trade Bill.

174 4° — 5°

carried on Upon the River by the Sale of their Com, and other Commodities in the Markets there, and are greatly connected in Commerce with the Inhabitants of the Port of , and whatever

tends to the Prejudice of the Coal Trade on the said River, and of that Port, must, in a great Measure, affect the Petitioners, and the Owners and Occupiers of Lands, and other Inhabitants of the said City of Durham -, and that the Petitioners observe by a Bill presented to the House for the better Regulation of the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of castle and Sunderland', it is declared, that nothing in the Ad contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to Ships or Vessels, not exceeding in Burthen Keels, and carrying Coals Coastways to any Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London) or to any Foreign Port, all which Ships or Vessels the Fitter, Agent, or Vender, shall be at full Liberty to load at any Time, and in any Manner, he shall think proper; and that the Petitioners are much alarmed by the said Clause, as the same appears to them to be partial, and Should the said Bill, as it now Rands, pass into a Law, the same will tend greatly to the Prejudice of the Coal Trade on the said River and of the said Port of the Coals on the said River being laden in Ships at the said Port, which is adapted for Ships of small Burthen only, and such Ships trade principally in carrying Coals Coastways to the Ports of Great Britain, and to Foreign Ports, but few of them carry Coals to the Port of London, and the Port of Newcastle being adapted for Ships of large

Burthen, which are more calculated for carrying, and do carry. Coals principally to the Port of London, therefore the said Clause would, as the Petitioners conceive, give the Coal Owners of the Port of a Power to load Ships of small Burthen, greatly to the Prejudiceof the Trade of the Port of Sunderland, and also be a great Hindrance to the loading of Ships of large Burthen for the Port of London; and that the Port of Sunderland has been a great Nursery for Seamen in manning His Majesty’s Navy, and the Petitioners are iven to underdand, that upwards o(£. 100,000 have een expended in preserving and improving the said Port, and the Petitioners are also given to understand, that Ships of large Burthen, particularly those above Ten Keels, have greatly decreased in Value since the late War, and they are advised, that, Should the said Bill pass into a Law with such Clause as before mentioned, they will still be further reduced in Value, and tend greatly to decrease that Emulation for building of large Ships, which has been found of such great Service to Government in Times of Emergency, and also greatly injure many Families who have expended large Sums in building Ships of great Burthen: And therefore praying, That the House will reject the said Clause, and give the Petitioners such Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for the better Regulation of the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, be read a Second Time.

K"Je'*Estate An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An K> ‘ Act for vesting the Real Estate of Thomas Reade, Esquire, and Elizabeth Reade, his Daughter, situate in Shirburn, Britlwell, Sallome, Lewknor, ' Stokenchurch, and King ft on Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and his Heirs; and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, in Manner therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

WilfaiiRoad* A Bill for amending, widening, turning, and keep-15,11 commit. -ing Repairj t[ie RQad leading from the Town of

Martii. A. 1788.

JValfall to llamjlead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Waif all and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edward Littleton, Mr. Ryder, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 5* die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIItir Regis, 17 88.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to continue the Term and Maid(to« Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debtling,to Key Street, in the Pa-rifties of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from through

Debtling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent.

Ordered, That Mr. Marsham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and altering the Catterick Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign ' p of his late Majesty King George the Second^ for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yarm, in the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said‘Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road, Was read the Third Time.'t’

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick in the County of York, to Yarn, in the said County, and front . thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield, in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road. '

Ordered, That Sir John Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from Correipon. the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was cafied in; and, at the Bar, presented Payment of to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copies of Correspondence between the Commis- in imUa,p«-fioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, the Commissioners fented. for the Affairs of India, and the Court of Directors of the East India Company, relative to the Payment of Arrears due on Account of the King’s Troops in /«-9 din,

*75

Warwick Bridge Bill reported*

dia,under the Act of the Twenty-first of Ills present Majesty, Cap. 65, for establishing certain Regulations for the better Management of the Affairs of the India Company, as well in India as in Europe, and the Recruiting the Military Forces of the said Company; together with a Copy of the Orders sent to India in Consequence of that Correi'pondence.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper containing the said Copies was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Right honourable George Earl Brook and Earl of Warwick, to build a new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Warwick, in the County of Warwick, whose Names are thereunder signed, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Pftitiom from A Petition of the High Bailiff, and Corporation, KiHdrrminiter with the other principal Inhabitants of the Town of r^ain^the Kidderminster:And also.

Slave Trade, A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Fenryn, in the County of Cornwall;

Were severally presented to the House, and read: Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Filey inclosure Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, to 1 reported. -wjj0rn the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Fotherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th.of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and^ upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Alderman Harley reported from the Commit- Lingen Roads tee, to whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, ported*01*' Clergy; and Freeholders of the County of Hereford, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April t’l'ji, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them* to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table;

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

John Clarke being examined, informed your Committee, That he knows the several Roads leading from Lingen, by Boresford, to Willey’s Oak, and from gen aforesaid, through Kinsham, to and from

Kinsham aforesaid by Comb to the Rod, and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford; all which Roads lie within the said County of Hereford.

That the last Branch of Road is at present included in an Act of the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty. — And the Witness said, He apprehended that Branch of Road would be kept in better Repair than it is at present, if it was to be included in the intended Act with the several other Roads before mentioned.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen, and from thence to Willey’s Oak, and from Kingsham to the Rod,

and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford, in the County of Hereford: And that Mr. Alderman Harley and Mr.

David Murray do prepare, and bring in, the fame;

A Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River Birmingham Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Lawley, Sir George Augufus William Shuckburgh, See.:

And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, who were appointed to consider the several Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Short-lings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manu-fastures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made ufc of as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds ftuffedwith combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and also to consider an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the winding of Wool, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House; That the Committee had considered the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to report the Evidence that had been laid before them to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, together with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your

Report froni Committee appointed to consider Law* for preventing the Exportation of Sheep, Wool, &cA’C«

1^6 g Mar tit. 1788.

Your Committee having thought it expedient to esquire, by Examination of Witnesses, how far the Powers of the said Acts have operated to prevent or punish the several Offences therein enumerated, they called John Anfiie, Esquire, Mr. John , Mr. John Cooper, Mr. Charles Clapham, Mr. Jacob Thomas and Mr. Thomas Barnes, whose rpspective Examinations and Evidence are as follow:

John AnJHe, Esquire, examined.

How long have you acted as Chairman of the Wool Meeting ?

I have acted as Chairman of the General Meeting from Aptil 1786.

Had you any Meeting in the Country previous to the General Meeting in London ?

We had«-the First Meeting was held at Bristol in September 1784.

Did you attend a Wool Meeting in Exeter in 1786 ? No.

Were the RSfolutions of that Meeting printed ?

They were.

Are the Conveniences of smuggling Wool from Scotland equal to those from England?

I am not competent to answer that Question, not being acquainted with that Coast.

On what Grounds did the Manufacturers at first begin their Enquiries ?

They began their Enquiries on the Information of some Manufacturers in the County of Somerset respecting the smuggling of Wool and Live Sheep.

What Steps were taken in consequence of the Information received ?

At the Second Meeting of the Manufacturers, the Evidence respecting the smuggling of Wool and Live Sheep appearing to warrant the Manufacturers Suspicions, they agreed to present a Memorial to the Lords of the Treasury, praying that a ftrid and vigilant Attendance might be given by the Officers of the Customs for preventing the Exportation of Wool and Live Sheep.

What occasioned the General Meeting in London ?

I received Letters from the Manufacturers at Exeter, and also from the Wool Dealers in Kent, proposing a General Meeting in London, in order to apply to Parliament for an Amendment, or a total Repeal, of the present Laws for preventing the smuggling of Wool and Live Sheep.

What were the Dates of the Letters you received from Exeter ?

Some Time about the End of February 1786.

From the Proofs in your Possession, and other Circumstances that have come to your Knowledge, are you persuaded that very considerable Quantities of British Wool are smuggled into France and other Foreign Parts ?

From a ftrid and diligent Enquiry, I am now fully convinced not only of the Existence of the smuggling of Wool and Live Sheep, but also that a very considerable Quantity of Wool, and a great Number of Live Sheep, are constantly sent out of the Kingdom to France and other Foreign Parts.

Are you persuaded that any Wool is smuggled from Scotland to France or other Countries ?

I am not fully persuaded, from any Information that I have received, which will warrant me to give such Information as I would wilh to do upon every Occa-fi«n to this Committee.

Will you give the Committee a particular Account of the Proofs you ard possessed of respecting the Exportation of Wool from England ?

I would wilh to divide the Information I have to give into Three distinct Parts.

The First Part consists of the Report from the Committee of this House in 1786, to which 1 beg Leave to refer.

The Second consists of a Return of Wool Teired in the Years 1786 and 1787, as delivered to me from the Customs by the Direction of the Treasury j also of a Letter from Penryn, giving an Account of a Seizure of Worsted Yarn; and also an Account of Seizures that I have received in consequence of Letters that have been written to me. An Account of One Seizure I received from Mr. Cooper, Matter of the Clement's Coffee House, in the Strand, in the Year 1785, who told me, that a Vessel which failed from Birnham, on the Coast of Essex, was brought into , and

there condemned: She had on board about 33 Cwr* of Wool, and was in Company with Seven other Vef*-fels, all laden With Wool. This Information was also transmitted to me by Mr. Everitt, a Blackwell Hall Fador.

How were the other Vessels known to te laden with Wool, and why were they not seized ?

The Matter of the Veil'd that was fdzed gave Information to Mr. Cooper, who was then Surveyor of the' Port of Margate, that Seven other Vessels had actually failed in Company with him, at that Time loaded with Wool. — I know this only from the Account received from Mr. Cooper.

Do you know what became of those Seven Vessels upon their Return to this Country, after they had carried their Wool to the Coast of France or else«v. where ?

I cannot say.

Don’t you know, that upon the Information of the Captain who was seized, that those Veil'ds upon their Return were forfeited ?

I do not. — I don’t know that any such Law exists.

Did you make any Enquiry what became of those Vessels ?

No; I did not.

— My Proof of the Third Part consists of an Account, containing the Information which I have obtained respecting the Quantities of Wool imported into France, in consequence of having employed a^Person to pass along the whole Coast of France on those particular Discoveries; and also, of Letters thac I have seen, and which I believe to come from the Persons whose Names they bear — I know the Hand Writing of one of them. The Information they contain is to this Purport: " They express a strong Desire of

forming a Connection with the Person to whomthey are addressed, respecting the Purchase of " tish Wool made use of in the Manufactures of " lifax, Leeds, Exeter, and Norwich; and one of them

" engages to take such Kind of Wool, without any " Limitation of Quantity, and pointing out Places <c where it may be delivered at in France," — The Letters were written in the Years 1786 and 1787.

The Witness then produced — An Account of the Quantities of Wool-seized in the Years 1786 and 1787, specifying the Places at which the same were seized [Vide , 1.] and

also,

A Letter from Mr. Thomas Harvey, dated Penryn, May the 23d, 1786, to John Esquire,

Devizes, with a Postscript signed by JohnStona [Vide Appendix, N 2.J and also,

A Table of the Importation of Wool in the Town of Saint Malo, from the ift of February 1783 § to

a8 Geo. III. 5° Martii

*77

to the 21st of December 1787 [Vide appendix, N° 3.3 and also,

A Table of the Importation of Wool at Legue Harbour, near Saint Brieue, from the aift of February 1783 to the 12th of "January 1787 [Vide Appendix, N° 4.] and also.

An Account of Wool imported at Granville in the Year 1787, including the Accounts given Monthly to the Receiver of Customs in that Place, by those of Carteret, Guilete, ville, and Agon, small Harbours along the: Coast of Normandy [Vide Appendix, N° 5.] and ftlfo,

An Account of Wool imported at Saint Valery in the Year 1787 [ Vide Appendix, N" 6.]

.....I beg Leave to date, that the Prices of Wool,

annexed to the Accounts I received from France, and given in by me, do not make any Part of the original Accounts, but were added afterwards by the Person who took the Accounts, and who was perfectly competent to add such Prices.

What is the Nature of your Proof of this being -

tijf}W ool ?

I received these Returns from the Persons I employed to examine the Ports of France, respecting the Quantities of British Wool imported into.

Did they assign any Reason to you, why they supposed it to be British W ool, and what ?

The Reason assigned is, that a small Duty is paid on all "Wool imported into France, excepting the Port of Dunkirk; that regular Entries of all Wool imported into Francs are made at the different Custom Houses, specifying from what Countries such Wool was brought > and that the Person employed by me found Means to prevail on a Custom House Officer to bring him the Books of the Receiver General, in which such Accounts are entered, and to permit him to take Copies of them j which Copies I attest to be in the Hand Writing of the Person l’o employed by me, and that such Accounts came to me regularly, with the French Poll Marks on them. — By the moil rigid Scrutiny that I have been able to make into these Transactionsfince the Person’s Arrival in England, and from other collateral Circumstances, I am fully convinced that such Accounts are genuine.

Have you any other similar Accounts to those you

have delivered in ?

No.

Did you rrtean to say, that the Person Voii sent to France found Means to obtain Copies of the Custom House Books in all the Ports from which you have delivered in Returns ?

I mean to state, that the Copies taken from the Books at Saint Malo, and Saint Valery, were taken by himself from the Custom House Books.

Do you speak to any other but those Two?

Not at present.

Can you form any Judgment of the Proportion of Short Clothing Wool contained in the 10,000 Packs supposed to be imported into France ?

I really cannot. '

In what Species of the Woollen Manufacture of France is the British Clothing Wool chiefly em* ployed ?

The coarser Sorts of British Clothing Wool are used principally in forming the Chains of the thicker Cloths that are made at Ellceuf, of different Prices, from 10

Livres to 14 or 15 Livres per French Ell, which are generally dyed Blue and Grey, and used for making large Riding Coats and Cloaks.

Is the British Clothing Wool necessary to the French to mix with any inferior Sorts of their own Wool, which might noc otherwise be adapted to the Manufacture in which they are employed; or is the British Clothing Wool of the same Nature with Cloth-

ing Wool, and employed indiscriminately ?

My Information does not warrant me to assert that any of the Clothing Wool of England is absolutely ne-> ceflary to mix with the Shbrt Wool of France, but ic justifies me in saying, that it is not only particularly useful for the Purpose mentioned in my former Answer, but that the Want of it, when not to be obtained, has been severely felt by their Manufacturers.

What is the Price of French Clothing Wool, equal in Quality to the English Clothing Wool which they employ ?

I have received Samples of the best Sorts of French Clothing Wool from Three Provinces, with the Prices affixed, and by comparing the Quality with our own of similar Prices, there appears to be but little Difference. A Fleece also of the inferior Short Wool

has been sent me, which I do not consider to be dearer than our own, of similar Fineness in Hair; but the Staple of this Wool is, comparatively speaking, weak, and much better adapted for the Shoot or West than for the Chains.

Can you, from the Proofs in your Possession, and from other Circumstances, combined together, give an Account of the Annual Importation of British) Wool into France ?

I do not attempt to speak precisely as to the Quantity, but from the Accounts now delivered in, which I believe to be genuine, and from the other Information that I have received from the Person T employed to pals all along the French Coast, which Information is drawn up in a regular Journal for my Inspection (Extracts wherefrom, in the Hand Writing of the said Person, 1 am ready to deliver in) and from other Accounts that I have received from different Persons, I am well satisfied, in my Own Mind, that the Quantity is much greater than at first apprehended, and that, at the lowest Computation, I may venture to state it at 10,000 Packs of Wool Annually to France — I speak of Packs of 240 Pounds Weight, what we esteem full Packs — befid^s which, I have good Reason to believe, from other Information, that considerable Quantities of Woollen and Worsted Yarn are imported into France from Great Britain.

Then the Witness produced the Extracts above ' alluded to f Vide Appendix, N° 7.

Vol: XLIII. ’

What is the Price of fine French Clothing Wool at Amiens; and likewise the Price of English' Clothing Wool at that Place, of the same Quality ?

I can’t say.

Do you make any other Distinction in Wool than that of Clothing and Combing Wool ?

I know no other general Distinction in Wool, than that of Clothing and Combed Wool, but there is Clothing Wool, as well as Combing Wool, in different Counties, at different Prices.

Do the Manufacturers conceive that they are materially injured by the Exportation of such large Quantities of Wool ?

The Manufacturers of Worsted, and other light Goods made from Combing Wool, conceive rhemselves in particular to be injured in a very considerable Degree; the other Manufacturers who use English Wool also consider themselves to be injured by the smug-gling of British Wool, though not to so great a Degree.

What Sort of Wool do the French most covet ?

They are most desirous of Combing Wool; and, from the Information I have obtained, it appears also,

4 B that

that they *.vi(h to poftefs themselves of the lower Sorts of English Clothing Wool.

What is the Average Price of the Combing Wool ill England at present ?

I understand, from the belt Information I can acquire, which is immediately from the Manufacturers that purchase the Wool, that the present Average Price may be about i8r. a Tod (28 lb. to the Tod) — I understand I have stated it rather too low, I believe I might have stated that one Sort was worth 20 s. — I may state it to be from 19J. to aor. on the Average*

What is the Price given for British Long or Combing Wool in France ?

I think it may be stated, in its uncombed State, at from 15 d.to 16 d.per lb. which is 35J. a Tod.

Can you inform the Committee of the Quantity of Wool Ihorn Annually in this Country ?

There has been a rough Calculation made, and I believe it has been calculated at about 600,000 Packs.

What is the Calculation of the Expenditure of Wool in the Wool Manufactures of this Country ?

I can’t pretend to answer that.

Can you assign any Reason why the French are induced to give so great a Price for British Long or Combing Wool ?

From the most strict and rigid Examination I have been able to make, in consequence of Information obtained, I am now fully convinced, contrary to my first Conception, that British Combing Wool is absolutely necessary for the Support of particular French Fabrics of the lighter Kind, and that without the Affiftance of English Combing Wool it would be im-

possible to carry them on.

Whether the Introduction of 10,000 Packs of -lish Wool into France is the l'ole Injury to the Manufacturer ?

I conceive not, because the lighter Fabrics of France that consume British Combing Wool, require it principally, if not solely, for forming the Chains or Warps of such Goods.

Do you conceive that the Manufacturers of Woollen in Great Britain are able to consume all the Wool that is Annually grown in the Kingdom ?

I think I am fully justified in saying that they are.

Why do you suppose so ?

1 judge from the Scarcity of Wool in general, and from its present high Price, and though the smuggling of Wool has been in some Degree prevented by the Exertions of the Manufacturers, yet that the Price of English Wool has been and is now encreasing.

What is the Value of those 10,000 Packs of Wool unmanufactured ?

I should suppose that a fair Average of the Price, taking it for granted that some of the higher priced Combing Wool may be smuggled, and reckoning from the present Average Price of Combing Wool, that the whole Amount rauft be at least £. ico,oooo.

Can you form any Estimate of what its Value would be when manufactured, supposing it to be manufactured in England?

Speaking within Compass, it may be fairly stated to amount to full £. 500,000, supposing the greatest Part of it to be Combing Wool.

Can you form any Judgment what Proportion of l'raubWool can be manufactured, when mixed with a Pack of English Wool, so as to be considerably improved thereby ?

From the Information I have obtained by the Person I employed to go to Fran, who not only passed along the Sea Coast, but also examined the Manufactures at Abbeville, Ellcenf, and and also

from full Information I have obtained by other Sources of the Manufacture at Amiens, as well as some other Places, I am now fully convinced, that the by mixing One Half of their own Combing Wool with ours, will'render it proper for those Manufactures in which it is used. — I beg to add, that thisTeftimony is in direct Contradiction to the original Opinion, that I myself had formed as a Manufacturer of British) Short Wool, and that nothing but the strictest Examination into those Circumstances that came to my Knowledge, would have led me to believe that this was practicable.

Can you state what would at Amiens be the Value of One Pack of English and One Pack of French Wool, -wrought together in the Manufactures of that Place ?

Valuing the English Wool at its present Price, and the Wool of France at no higher Price, and guiding myself by the Evidence that 1 have delivered in, thac One Half of English Wool is sufficient to render the French Wool proper for manufacturing, and also stating that this is principally necessary for the Warps or Chains of such Goods, and taking the Goods of Amiens at a very moderate Average of Manufactures of a similar Nature in England, I may safely state it to be of the Value of £. 160 Sterling.

Do you mean that the Wool is mixed before it is spun into Yarn, or afterwards?

Before it is spun into Yarn.

Why then did you say it is used in the Chain or Warp ?

The Reason why the Combing Wool of England is necessary to be incorporated with the French Wool to make the Chains or Warps of the Cloths, is owing to the superior Strength of the English Combing Wool; and 1 do conceive, that the Quantities of French Combing Wool are very small that can be used as Warps or Chains for the thin Goods, without the Assistance of Er.glish Wool; but I do not deem the Neceftity of mixing English Wool with French to exist in an equal Degree with respect to the Shoot or West, required in the Manufactures of Goods made from Combing Wool.

Why, if the Mixture of English Wool with French Wool increases the Value of the latter, do not the English import it for the Purpose of making Profit by a similar Mixture ?

There can be no Neceftity for the English Manufacturer importing what 1 state as the comparative inferior Wool of France, as I do not apprehend thac such Wool in France is at a lower Price than the Combing Wool of England; and the only Ground on which I state the Profit to arise to the French Manufacturer, arises from his being able, with the Assistance of the Combing Wool of England, to employ himself in such Manufactures as otherwise it would be impossible for him to carry on.

Will One Pack of English Wool enable a French Manufacturer to work up more than One Pack of French Combing Wool along with it ?

It will. Agreeable to the Statement I have delivered in before, it will enable him ro work up Three Packs of French Combing Wool at the least.

When you said that the Price of the Manufacture at Amiens was worth £. t6o, did you consider the Quantity of the Raw Material to be Two or Three Packs ?

My Calculation was made upon Four Packs.

§ If

If you are right in your Opinion, that io,oso Packs of English Wool are exported to and that One

Pack of English Wool will enable the French Manufacturer to work up Three Packs of his own, and that the Price, even of Three Packs of his own, when manufactured with One Pack of English Wool, will amount to £. 160, will it not then follow that the Competition the French are enabled to hold against the British Manufacturer will amount to Goods of the

Value of J. 1,600,000 at the least, supposing it to be Combing Wool ?

On the lowest Calculation it will, subject to an Abatement in Proportion to the Quantity of Short or Clothing Wool that mult necessarily be included in the 10,000 Packs — as I wish always to be understood, in my Answers to such Questions as relate to the Necessity of the Mixture of English Wool with French Woolj to confine myself solely to Combing Wool.

Then the Witness produced a Paper, containing Information respecting the French Woollen Manufactures, drawn up by the Person employed by the Witness to make such Observa-tiens [Vide Appendix, N° 8.]

Withdrew.

John Sharpe examined.

— I am Commander of His Majesty’s Pacquet Prince William Henry, Rationed between Falmouth and the

West Indies.

Have you had an Opportunity of observing any Thing respecting the Exportation of Wool ?

1 have.

Have you seen any landed at any Port in

Yes.

What Ports ?

The Ports of Boulogne and Calais.

What Quantity has been imported into Calais in any One Year, to the belt of your Knowledge I

In the Year 1783, Thirty Ton Weight was imported, all English Wool.

How do you know that Thirty Ton Weight was imported ?

At the Time, One of the French Passage Vessels, in the Employment between Dover and , was under Seizure for the illicit Exportation of some Quantity of British Wool , this induced me at the Time to get a Friend of mine, then resident at Calais, to inspect the Books of the Customs of that Port, and he informed me, that Thirty Ton Weight was imported into that Port in 1783.

Is the Wool imported into Calais imported thither by professed Smuggling Vessels, or in what Manner ?

Chiefly by the Passage Vessels employed between Dover and Calais, as very few Smugglers use the Port

of Calais.

Did you ever fee any Wool landed or brought into Boulogne?

I have.

What Number of Boats or Smacks havfc you known come into that Port in a Day with Wool on board ?

From Two to Three — I speak within Compass, because some Days there have been more.

What did you conceive the Quantity to be which each Boat or Smack had on board ?

From One to Three Tons each.

Were these Boats English or not ?

They were EngliJJj.

How do you know that they were English?

By being British built, and conducted by British Seamen.

Did such Boats so freighted frequently arrive at

Boulogne ?

They did.

Was yod at Boulogne at different Times in the Year ?

I was. — In general there was the same Appearance of Boats so freighted the whole Year round.

Was you ever informed at Boulogne of the Number of Smuggling Vessels, with Wool on board, that were supposed to arrive there Daily on the Average ?

I was — -from Two to Three on the Average.

Had such Vessels always more or less Wool on board ? ,

They had.

Have you been informed of any Thing respecting Wool being carried into Dunkirk ?

I have been well informed, that very great Quantities of Wool have been imported into the Port of Dunkirk by Boats, Smacks, or Vessels. — I was informed of this by the Captains of the Passage Vessels between Dover and Dunkirk, who told me that Two or Three arrived there in a Day.

Had you ever any Conversation with Custom House Officers on the Coast of SuJJe of elsewhete, of the smuggling of Wool ?

I had.

Did such Conversation induce you to believe that the Information you had at Boulogne, as to the Quantity smuggled there, was true ?

It was.

Do you believe that the Wool carried from the Sussex Coast is the Whole that is carried into Boulogne ?

I do not.

Do you know of Wool being imported there front any other Coast ?

Yes, from Kent and Essex.

Did you ever hear of Eng Wool being carried into Dieppe ?

Yes.

What Information have you received as to the Port

of Dieppe ?

I received from Captain William Sharpe the Information, that a Sloop, named The Liberty, arrived at the Port of Dieppe, loaded with Wool, for which he was paid the Freight of Forty Guineas.

Have you ever asked in France how far English Wool is necessary for French Manufactures ?

Often.

What Answers have you received ?

That without British Wool they could not possibly manufacture some Sorts of Cloth or Stuffs.

Have you ever observed any English Live Sheep imported into France ?

I have*

Into what Ports ?

In the Port of Boulogne.

What Number ?

From Twenty to Thirty at once.

Do you know of any Sheep bought in England, which you had Repfon to think were for Exportation ?

I know a Person who resides at Boulogne, and comes over and purchases Annually from Three to Five hundred

D ' ized by

a8o 5° Martii. . 1788.

dred Sheep, at the Price of from Two to Three Guineas each — he told me of it himself — 1 believe this Conversation was in the Year 1786.

Do you know any Thing respecting a Seizure of Live Sheep I 1

On the 14th of December 1786, Four Men were detected smuggling Live Sheep from in

Kent, and were committed to the Gaol of,

from whence they afterwards made their Escape.

Are the present Laws such as lead to a ready Detection of Offenders ?

I do not think that they altogether do.

Have you experienced any Inconvenience on that Account ?

I have.

What?

In the Year 1785, I was riding between Rye and

Hajlings, and there met very large Quantities of Wool, t carrying to a Plate called Peebles , in Sussex, at which Place there is a large Warehouse, where this Wool is deposited, and not a Doubt but the greater Part, if not all, is for illicit Exportation — I examined the Men, to obtain the Certificate or Permit, which I found they had, and wished, some Time after, to examine this Warehouse, to observe if the Quantity there lodged (till remained, finding no Sufferances had been applied for for the removing such Wool from the said Warehouse: But the Laws now in Force would not permit my entering the Warehouse to fee what was there lodged. — The Permit I saw, mentioned that it was going to this Warehouse.

What Quantity was it ?

Four or Five Waggons loaded with Wool at One Time.

Did you, at any other Time, meet any Quantity of Wool going to this Warehouse ?

I have several Times met Wool on the same Road, and only alked for the Permit, not finding it necessary or useful to know where it was going.

Do you know any Thing more what became of the Wool, after it was lodged in the Warehouse ?

I do not of myself, but from the Information of the Revenue Officers, who grant Sufferances to remove the said Wool, that no such Sufferances were required.

Did you ever seize any Wool yourself ?

I never did.

What Cutter is stationed off Boulogne ?

There are always Cutters stationed upon our Coast, both in the Customs and Excise.

Did you give Information to the Commanders of Cutters upon our Station, that you knew, of your own Knowledge, that Wool was smuggled into Boulogne in Smacks ?

I have often.

In consequence of that Information, has there been any Quantity of Wool, or any Number of Smacks, seized ?

None that I know of.

To what Amount have the Prosecutions come to ?

I cannot take upon me to say.

Is it your Opinion that many Smacks, loaded with Wool, might have been seized, if proper Attention had been paid ?

If there had been more Activity, more Seizures might have been made.

Have you any other Reason for knowing that the Warehouse was used as a Repository to favour the smuggling of Wool to France than what you have mentioned ?

I have heard the Smugglers themselves say, in Conversation at Boulogne, that it is from Peebles Steps that they export their Wool.

To whom does this Warehouse belong ?

I can’t exadiy fay---- there is such a Warehouse.

Does it belong to any Person concerned in the Wool Manufactory ?

I believe it does nor.

In what Manner was the Wool flowed on board those Vessels going to Boulogne ?

In Open Fleece — that was the Way that I saw them landed.

What Proof have you that any of those Vessels, that you saw arrive at Boulogne with British Wool on board, took in their Wool on the Coast ?

A Seizure was made by Mr. John , then Surveyor of the Customs at M,of a Smack with 33Cwt. of Wool on board, from Rirnbam in; and the Master of the Vessel informed him that he was bound to Boulogne.

If the Wool was seized at , how could thar

infer that the Wool which you law arrive at Boulogne was from Essex ?

From the Information of Mr. John , Surveyor of the Port of Margate, as stated to him by the Master

of the said Smack.

Were all the Sheep that you saw going Abroad, from the Kentish Coast, or from any other Coast ?

I was only at the Port of Boulogne, and saw them come in.

Did you ever fee any Seizure of Wool which was packed in Bales of Goods ?

No.

Have you frequently seen Wool on board Ships or Vessels in loose Fleeces ?

I have seen Two or Three come into Boulogne in a Day — I never saw it in any other Shape.

What do you mean by Wool in Fleece ?

In Rolls of Eight or Nine Pounds Weight.

Can you say whether all the Wool which is Imug-gled from Sussex goes to Boulogne ?

It does not.

What Station was you in when you met the Waggons going to Peebles Steps, and alked for their Permit ?

As a Preventative Officer, by virtue of a Commission from the Commissioners of the Customs.

Is the Place to which Wool is to be removed mentioned in the Permit ?

I will not be positive as to the Fad, but I believe it is.

Can it be removed a Second Time without another Permit ?

No, certainly not.

Did you apply to the Office then, to know whether there was another Permit granted ?

I did.

Had not you it in your Power to know, when you was at Boulogne, from whence those Smacks came that

brought Wool into that Port ?

I had not.

Do you know in what Part of England the Sheep were purchased that you saw arrive at Boulogne ?

The Agent did not tell me where he bought them.

Did the Price given for those Sheep include any Sum for Insurance ?

I cannot take upon me to say.

t Do

Do you imagine that the smuggling of Wool ha$ increased within these Two Years?

Decreased j not, I believe, owing to the Commercial Treaty, but from the Prosecutions that have taken place.

Did you ever fee the Information to Mr. Cooper of the Matter of the Vessel seized at Margate ?

I did not.

Did you ever hear Mr. Cooper mention of other Vef-leis that failed with that Vessel from , loaded

with Wool, for Boulogne ?

Mr. Cooper told me and Mr. on the 27th of

February 1788, that the Matter of the Sloop that was seized informed him, that Seven Sail of Smacks failed from Birnham in Essex, in Company with him, in Consequence of which he took the Mailer of the Smack on board his Revenue Cutter, with a View to apprehend those Seven Vessels, which they could not effect. — Mr. Cooper now keeps the St. Clement'% Coffee House, in the Strand.

Do you know how the Vessels carrying Wool to France are usually freighted on their Return to England ?

With Spirits, Tobacco, .

Do you mean that the Seven Vessels escaped through swift Sailing,' or from want of Power in the Revenue Cutter ?

From never getting Sight of them.

Are you of Opinion that preventing the smuggling of Wool would be a great Means towards preventing Smuggling in other Respects ?

I have no Doubt that the preventing smuggling of Wool will in a great Measure suppress the illicit Importation of Spirits, as the Profit is so great from the smuggling of Wool, that it enables them to purchase Spirits, Tobacco, &V. and in case of a Seizure made on their Return to this Country they are then still Gainers. Withdrew.

John Cooper examined.

— I lived formerly at Margate — I was Surveyor of the Customs there.

Do you know any Thing of any Seizure of Wool?

Yes — On the 30th of October 1782, I made a Seizure of Wool on board of a Pacquet bound to OJlend from Margate; the Quantity was Three small Bales of Combed Wool, containing 421b. and odd — I imagine it to have been Samples. — On the 20th of October 1785, the Greyhound Cutter, under Contract with Government, seized a Vessel. named The Charles Seymour, Maker, from bound to

Boulogne; her Cargo confiked of 27 Cwt. 3 qrs. 41b. of British Wool, taken'on board at Barling Quay, in Birnham River, Essex.

What Species of Wool was it ?

Rather Short; it was in Fleece, in the rough State as it came off the Sheep’s Back — the Fleeces weighed from about 10 to 141b. — Charles ,the Maker,

informed me there were Seven Sail of Vessels, loaded with Wool, in Birnham River, ready to fail {or Boulogne the next Tide.

Do you know of any other Seizure of Wool ?

No, but I have frequently kopped Samples from going on board.

Did you, in the Year 1785, seize a Vessel with 33 Cwt. of Wool on board ?

I did not.

Did you give any Information, when you was informed that there were Seven Vessels loaded with Wool in Birnham River, to the Officers of the Cukoms there, or any where else ?

Vol. XLIII.

I did, I sent the Greyhound Cutter on a Cruize to intercept them.

Had not you Time to inform the Officers, that those Ships might be prevented from lading ?

No other than the Greyhound Cutter.

Was there no more expeditious Way to inform the Officers of the Cukoms than fending a Vessel to intercept them ?

No other.

How did the Maker know, who informed you that those Veflbls were to fail the next Tide ?

By having left the Port so lately in the Morning.

Withdrew.

John Anjlie, Esquire, again examined.

Have you any Knowledge of any Conviction ?

I have had an Account of Two Convictions of Persons for smuggling Wool and Live Sheep in the County of Sussex, and also of Hull in Yorkshire, and Gojall.

Have you received any further Information respecting the Quantity of Wool imported into France?

From having made an erroneous Calculation of the Quantity imported into the Port of Dunkirk, and also having received Information that there are other considerable Importers of Wool in the Port of be-

fides the one on which I made my Calculation, I now think iriyfelf warranted to say, that the Quantity can by no Means be kated at less than 13,000 Packs in the Whole, and that it may possibly be more.

Have you received this additional Information front the Person who you employed in France to give you an accurate Account of all Wool smuggled into that Country from Time to Time ?

Having Recourse to that Person, I informed him, that I had taken the Calculation for the Port of Dunkirk, on Supposition that considerable Quantities might be sent from thence to bcher Ports in France, at only 600 Packs per Annum, when, on referring to the Notes that had been taken, it appeared, that I might safely kate it at double the Quantity imparted into the Ports of St. Malo and Le Gue.

Are not the present Laws fully adequate to prevent the Exportation of Wool ?

No.

Can you point out wherein they are defective in general ?

Yes. — The Objections which krike me are, that the Laws are multifarious, and in many Inkances difficult to be underkood — That though an Entry or Regiker is directed to be made of Wool (horn within Five Miles of the Sea, to be made by the Grower of Wool in every Part of England, yet such Wool may be removed without any Sufferance, consequently such Regiker or Entry is of little Service — That in the Counties of Kent and Sussex, where Wool within Ten Miles of the Sea is ptit under a more krict Regulation, and cannot be removed without a Certificate* yet the Law does not require any Return of such Certificate, therefore it is not known whether the Wool was duly removed — That Wool may be removed to any Place or Warehouse near the Sea Shore, under certain, but very imperfect, Regulations, and there remain until a convenient Time offers for smuggling it — That I apprehend no Officer can enter such Warehouse, or require any Account of Wool lodged therein — That it appears to me, that no Offender can be apprehended and secured, even in the very Act of exporting Wool, until a Capias can be obtained from One of the Courts at and

then he may be bailed by some of his Accomplices — That it appears to me, in order to convict an Offender under the present Laws, that it should be proved

4 C that

2-8 2.

that the Wool so exported, or designed to be exported, is of the actual Growth of this Kingdom, which can scarcely be done in any oneinstance — That the present Laws do not provide sufficient Rewards for those Persons who shall inform against Offenders, unless such Informers happen to be Officers of the Revenue — That the Mode of recovering the Rewards, and obtaining Condemnation of Seizures, appears to me troublesome, tedious, and oftentimes very expen-five to the Officers — That the Punishments inflicted by the present Laws are not proportionate to the Offences, as the Commission of some Offences under the Wool Laws, which may be merely the Effect of Inattention, are punished with the same Severity as the actual Exportation of Wool — That by the present Laws the rich Offender may escape Corporal Punishment, while, the Poor, in similar Circumstances, muff suffer it.

Are there any Injuries to the Manufacturers, in the present Mode of winding Wool ?

There are.

Are the present Laws sufficient to prevent the Frauds ?

No.

In what are they defective ?

The Defects appear to me to consist in the Penalty being too small, considering the Difference in the Value of Money at the present Time, from what it was when the Act for preventing the false winding of Wool, in the Reign of Henry the VUIth, passed, and all’o in not providing a summary Jurisdiction for the Recovery of the Penalty.

Do you believe that Cloth, or Woollen Goods, may be manufactured in such a Manner that the Frauds cannot be (Jilcovered by the general Run of Purchasers ?

I do not conceive there can be any Difficulty in detecting any Fraud that may be made use of in the manufacturing of Woollen Goods, by Persons competent to judge of such Goods.

Are there any Inspectors of Cloths appointed in any Parts of England ?

There are.

"What Necessity is there for these Inspectors, if the Frauds are so easily discoverable ?

I do not understand that the same Reasons sublist now that did at the Time when the Act passed for the Appointment of Inspectors of Superfine Broad Cloths.

On what Reasons do you ground this Opinion ?

Merely in the Variation of Talte and Fancy in the Cloths now uled. Withdrew.

Charles Clapham examined.

— I reside at Leeds — I am a Merchant, and a Manufacturer of Worsted Stuffs.

Do you know of the Seizure of any Wool ?

I do — it was made at Hull.

What Quantity was seized, and from whom ?

There was only One actual Seizure of Wool — the Quantity was between Three and Four hundred Weight — it was seized on board the a

Vessel, belonging to the Port of Geff.e in Sweden — it was some Time in the Summer of 1787.

Do you know of any other Wool intended to be fiiipped, besides that which was seized ?

I do, from Information that was taken at from a Mariner on board the said Ship who

gave an Account, that while the Officer was rummaging the Ship, a Boat came along-side the Ship

1788:

with Ten more Sacks of Wool on board; that he called out, "Off’. Off! the Officers are on board;’' upon which that Boat made for the Shore, and got clean off.

From whom did you receive this Information ?

From one Stokell, a Cabinet Maker, who actually fold the Wool to the SwediJIs Captain — Besides that,' another Swedish Vessel, called Lhe Aurora (in the same Summer) Captain Wc.nnberg, belonging to , was seized at Hull, for having exported Two Bags of Wool, containing 160 lbs. Weight both together, which the same Stokell sold to the said Captain berg. — I was present at Hull when Stokell appeared before Sir Henry Etherington and Mr. Coulfcn (the Magistrates) on this Business — 1 was sent by the Manufacturers at Leeds purposely to be there.

Then the Witness produced — A Copy of an Information laid by William , Excise Tide

Surveyor, on the 4th Day of September 1787, before Sir Henry Etherington, Baronet, and Edward Cculfon, Esquire, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Town of Kingjlcn upon Hull ( Vide AppendixA7" 9.) and also,

A Copy of the Examination of Charles Rander and Jcjcpb Stokell, taken upon Oath, the 4th Day of September 1787, before the said Sir Henry Etherington and Edward Appendix,

N° 10.]

How was this Wool marked and packed ?

It was packed in Sacks or Bags similar to Hop Bags, and had the Words, "The Ship Mars," in large Letters, wrote upon the Bags. — I saw those Bags in the Custom House, and examined the Wool.

What State was the Wool in ?

It was Raw Wool, in the Fleece, and confided of Hogs and Wethers, or Teggs and Wethers — The Fleeces were not broke, but thrud into the Bag exactly as they had been Ihorn and wound — it appeared to me to be Holderness Wool, and the Cabinet Maker gave that Account of it.

Do you know, or have you heard, how many Ships are employed between Hull and Sweden ?

I have heard from the Mayor of Hull, Mr. OJhorne, who was at Leeds soon after these Transactions at Hull, and mentioned it at a public Meeting of most of the Merchants at Leeds, that there are Twenty Ships employed from Hull to Sweden — I mean Swedish Ships.

How many Voyages do they Yearly make ?

From the same Information I learn, that they make Five Voyages in Two Years.

Do such Ships generally take with them English Wool ?

The same Gentleman informed me, that they rake each Voyage from Five to Six hundred Pounds Weight each Vessel.

Did he inform you of this as what he knew, or what he had heard ?

He informed the Meeting, that he had taken great Pains to come at that Fadt, and that he believed it to be true.

Did the Mayor of Hull never mention any Design entertained by him of putting a Stop to this illicit Exportation of Wool ?

He certainly did; he said, he would use all his Exertions----1 mean, after this Transaction.

Did the Mayor of Hull mention that he had any Apprehension that this Practice of smuggling Wool prevailed before this Seizure was made ?

He did say that he had no Apprehension of this Practice,

' Don’t

50 Mar

Don’t you believe, that if such a Practice had prevailed, the Mayor of Hull mult have known of it?

I really believe that such a Practice might have prevailed, and the Mayor of Hull not have known it.

Might it have prevailed to that great Extent, and he not have known it?

I can’t say.

Do you know any Thing of Wool being smuggled from the Coast of Lincolnfoire ?

I do, from Go:all or Gojall Haven.

In what Quantity ?

Ninety Tods — For further Particulars 1 beg to refer to the original Information and Warrant, signed by the Justices, whose Hand Writing I am acquainted with.

Then the Witness produced — The Information of John Skirlew, of ‘Thorne, taken before Edmund Barker and John Beckitt, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the West Riding of Yorkshire, the 24th Day of October 1787 [Vide Appendix, N® 11.] and also,

A Warrant granted by James Jack/on, Mayor, gnd William Rickard, Two of His Majesty’s

Justices of the Peace for the Borough of

caster, for carrying William Bacchus before Two Justices of the Peace for the County of Lincoln, dated 19th October 1787. [Vide Appendix, N* ia.]

’ — I know the Man was convicted and sent to Pri-ifon for that Offence.

Do you know in what Manner this Wool was taken away ?

I am informed by Mr. StanclijJ', who apprehended Skirlew, that these Ninety Tods of Wool were thrown into the Boat in the Fleece, in open Day, about Noontime.

Do you know any Thing of a Transaction at -

light in Sussex ?

I do not.

If the Exportation of Wool Should be flopped, have the Wool Growers, in your Opinion, any Reason to fear that the Price of Wool would be greatly lowered.

No — and my Reasons are, that preventing the Exportation would also prevent the Manufacturers of France from producing any Sort of Stuff's, the Warp or Chain whereof is made of a single Thread, that would bear any Competition with the same Species of Goods manufactured in this Country; and therefore the great Consumption of those Articles in France, and of Countries bordering on France, would be demanded from this Country.

Have you ever received any Information of any Wool being smuggled from any Port or Place in the County of Lincoln, except the Ninety Tod you have already mentioned ?

I have known of none being smuggled; but I have heard Reports, which I did not think sufficiently founded to bring forward in this Committee.

From whom have you received even those flight Reports ?

From Mr. Browning, a Gentleman in the Room j and some Evidence is entered in the Books of Mr.

AnJUe.

What Proportion does the Raw Material bear to its Value in its manufactured State in your Manufactory ?

I answer this Question from this Stating the

Wool in the Fleece at the Price I buy it from the Grower, and the Manufacture at the Price I fell it to the Foreign Merchant, it does not bear more than

One Sixth Part of the mean Value of such Manufactures; for I take into my Consideration the coarfdt and the finest Goods manufactured in

What was the Average Price of Wool in 1784 and 1 1785?

I have no Notes, therefore can’t say.

Is the Price of Wool greatly raised within these Two Years ?

It is.

Is the Price of your manufactured Goods risen in the same Proportion ?

It is not.

Is the Price of Wool higher than it was immediately before the last War?

1 believe not.

Were the manufactured Goods at a higher Price, then than they are now ?

They were.

Can you state in what Proportion ?

I cannot.

Was not the Price of Long Wool, during the late War, reduced almost One Half?

It was very considerably reduced.

Were the Manufactures reduced in Price in Proportion to the Reduction of the Price of the Raw Material at that Time ?

They were reduced very considerably; and very considerable Stocks of Goods, manufactured from Wool the Growth of Lincolnshire, remained in the Hands of the Manufacturers, and could not be fold, being a great Part of them such Goods as had been manufactured for the American Market.

Could the Wool Grower at that Time always find a' Market for the Raw Material ?

I believe he could, if he would have taken such a Price as, in Times of such Distress in Trade, the speculative Manufacturer could afford to give.

Is, or is not, the Price of Wool too high to afford you a reasonable Profit upon your Goods ?

It is — upon the Manufacturers of various Denominations, many of whom have failed, and a great many others are now losing Money by the Prices at which they are obliged by Necdfity to fell.

Withdrew.

Jacob Thomas Speidel examined.

— I am a Blackwell Hall Factor. — I was in France iri September 1786 — but for a very Short Period, being only Six Days. — I was likewise there in 1787.-10 the Year 1786 1 landed at Calais, and proceeded to Boulogne.

Did you make any Enquiry as to the Quantity of Wool imported into France ?

When I was at Boulogne in 1786, I went one Morning upon the Beach, and saw Sixteen Vessels come in — I enquired what Vessels they were; I was told they were contraband Vessels, or Smugglers coming from England. — My next Enquiry was, what they brought from England? I was told, they generally returned with Wool. — In the Year 1787 I saw the Person who gave me the Information in 1786, which Person was an inferior Officer of the Customs.

Did you fee any English Sheep when you was in France ?

I did — At a Place about Six Miles from Boulogne, called La Capelle, there is a Flock of 8co or 1,000 English Sheep — they are in the Possession of a Family, who, within these Twelve Years, was in a State of Penury — there are Five, Six, or Seven Brothers of § them


them — they are now living in Opulence, have Letters df Noblesse, and have a very good Domain at pelle.

Do yoti know how he procured these Sheep ?

I was informed, by the Importer at Boulogne, that he himself imported for that Person from Two to Three hundred Sheep in 1786 and 1787, With some Rams among them — I received this Information in 1787.

Did you understand that they were deemed of National Importance ?

I did.

Was you informed that the Owner had any particular Honour conferred on him for importing, smd for his great Attention in preserving these Sheep ?

I undefstood that he had Part of the Wood of La Capelle to his own Use, and that he had Letters of Noblesse given to him.

How do you know that the whole Flock were

lish Sheep ?

They were very perceivable at a Distance, different in their Make, very different in their Wool, and by the Confession of every Person whom I spoke to upon the Subject.

Did you fee the Sheep yourself ?

I was upon a Hill, and saw them in a Valley, at the Distance of a Mile — -the Evening being very clear, and I was assisted by the Help of a Perspective Glass.

Was you requested by any Person in that Country to fend them Wool f

I was.

Did you offer to fend that Person manufactured Goods, and what was his Answer ?

I took over with me Patterns of the bell Manufactures of this Country — Cloths of different Sorts, Coatings, and some Camblets. — On shewing the Cam-blet Patterns, he replied to me, No ! I can’t buy these Goods, but I will buy the Wool to make them."

Was you informed, when y.ou was in France, that English Wool was absolutely necessary to manufacture some of their Stuffs ?

Indispensably necessary.

Did you fee any French Wool ?

I did.

What was its Quality ?

It was very coarse, very strait, full of Stichill Hairs, and appeared to want Elasticity, being more like Hair.

Did you make any Enquiries of the Wages given in France ?

I did. — In Picardy I learnt that the Wages were very low, particularly at Abbeville. — At Elbeeuf they were rather higher, but at Louviers they were much the famC as in the Wellern Parts of this Kingdom.

What arc the Species of Manufacture made at those Places ?

At Abbeville they manufacture Stuffs of various Sorts, Camblets, Paragons, and various other Sorts, besides Broad Cloths of Wool, and other

Wools; likewise at Elbeeuf they manufacture an infe-

rior Sort of fine Cloth, 1 Should think of Spanish and other Wool mixed. — The Manufactures I saw at Louviers were of the very first Quality; Cloths made entirely of Spanish Wool — I should think there was no English Wool used in those Cloths that I saw at Louviers — I saw the Two belt Manufactories in the Place.

Do you know arty Thing of a Transaction at -light in Sussex ?

I do. — In the Year 1786, the Evidence brought before the Committee* of the fmUggling of Wool in the Counties of Kent and Sussex,being so very enormous, the Committee in London being desirous of proving the Facts, and putting a Stop to such Practices, endeavoured to find a proper Person for that Purpose, and were fortunately recommended to Mr. Robert Rowley, Riding Officer. In the first Conversation with him, and explaining the Nature of the Business, he desired some Time to consider of it: On the Second Interview, he said he had examined the Laws, found them so complex, and the Expence of carrying such a Business into Effect would be so heavy, that he could by no Means think of undertaking it on his own Account. — The Committee then agreed to guarantee and pay him every Expence j in consequence of which Guarantee he determined to pursue it, and immediately placed Four Men to watch the Habitation of John Harman, who smuggled great Quantities of Wool — This watching took Place in AttguJl 1786, in which Month they saw Two large Quantities shipped. — In September they saw great Quantities brought on the Premisses j when they came to London, and informed the Committee, who immediately applied to the Trta-fury — they were referred to the Attorney General, with whom they had Two Conferences (the last attended by the Solicitor of the Customs) when they desired to know if they could by any Means prevent the Wool from going, by entering the House to feixe it. — The Attorney General declared they could not enter. — The Men continued to watch on the 12th and 14th of October — they shipped near One hundred Packages on the First Night, and Thirty the Second. — The Men again came to London, and informed the Committee, who gave Notice to the Commissioners of the Customs; when the Men were ordered to be examined, and the Solicitor to report; who reported, that they might be prosecuted for every Act in the Information. — The Officer bringing the Information is at Liberty to chuse the Mode of Prosecution, and he desired that he might be permitted to prosecute the Acts of the 12th and 14th of October, before Two Justices of the Peace. — Leave was given, and the Information was laid before William and Samuel Boyfes, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Sussex, and a Hearing was appointed at an early Day in November, when the most compleat Evidence of the Fast was given (except proving the Wool to be British Growth, they not knowing from whence

those particular Parcels came.) — The Justices admitted it to be British Wool, but found a Difficulty to convict for the full Penalties laid, as the Men could not positively swear that the Whole was Wool, but admitted such Quantities as they could fee, and for which they gave a Conviction of £. 306, being the Penalty for exporting 2,040 lbs. Weight of Wool. — The Justices ordered the Warrant of Distress to be made; but the Defendant’s Counsel gave Notice that he Should move a Certiorari in the Court of King’s Bench. — The Officer’s Solicitor did not press the Warrant, as he had particular Direction from the Attorney General not to execute the Warrant of Distress, as the Laws would not warrant such an Act. — The Business lay dormant till Easter Term, when they gave Notice of arguing the Writ. — A Confutation was held with Mr. Bearcroft and Mr. Law, when they were of Opinion, that as the Wool was not positively proved to be British Growth, they advised the Cause Should be given up. — No Application has been made since for Costs.

— I was present at the Conviction of the Offenders.

Withdrew.

Thomas

28 Geo. III.

Thomas Barnes examined.

— I am a Woolstapler.

Have you met with any Deceits in the winding of Wool ?

I have, many.

In what Manner were those Deceits practised ?

By putting coarser Sorts of Wool instead of Sheeps Wool or Fell Wool.

Can you relate any particular Instance ?

I can — At Ledbury Fair, the aid of June 1785, I bought Four Sheets or Packs of Wool, containing 107

50 Mar

285

Appendix, N° a

Sir, Penry May the 23d, 1786;

I have the Pleasure, at last, to inform you, that I have succeeded in detecting the notorious Smugglers mentioned in my last Letter, though it was attended with serious Consequences, as the Officers are all, but One, sadly cut and wounded. The Crew of the Vessel got on Shore where the Worsted'. was lodged, concealed in an old Barn, within Ten Yards of the Sea Side; and the same Vessel I men-1

Stone, at 14$ d. per lb. (5^ deducted out) — the finer tioned in my last ready to take it in, lying within a few Part of this Wool was at is. 6 d.per lb.- — On look- Yards of the Shore: I traced the Cart from Penryn to

ing it over, I found Two hundred and Twenty-two Fleeces with a very inferior Wool put in the Inside of them, to the Amount of Half a Pound in each Fleece, which is as much as could be concealed.

Hellford, and was on my Legs for Fourteen Hours on the Occasion. My Brother then attended, and was the First Person that received a Blow; and notwithstanding the y were overpowered by Numbers, who

Were such Deceits discoverable without opening the Fleeces ?

No.

What was the Value per Pound of the inferior Wool?

Six Pence.

Did this inferior Wool appear to be (horn from the same Kind of Sheep as the fine Wool ?

No.

What Satisfaction did you receive from the Seller ?

About Six Pence a Fleece — the Satisfaction allowed by the Act.

After making you this Satisfaction, was the Offender a Gainer by the Deceit ?

Yes — 3^. a Fleece.

off Two hundred and Forty Weight of Worsted; the rest, to the Amount of nigh Fifteen hundred Weight, the Mob and Captain of the Vessel fefeued after it was on the Horles: One of the Officers was so wounded, that the rest were forced to leave him, and he was constrained to beg his Life. I hope I shall hear from you by the Return of Post how to proceed j the Worsted is safely lodged in Penryn. I applied to the Collector of Falmouth, but he had no Vessel ready, and

to the Captain of an Excise Cutter, but he would not go, what he called, a Wild Goose Chace; so I was determined to take it on the Shore, as I found out where it was lodged j it was concealed under Mats, old Wood, and a large Number of empty Calks in the Room, Brandy Anchors; there was a Variety of other Goods, all of which they refeued. 1

all of which they refeued. I do not Have you, and others in the Trade, suffered much doubt of receiving that Reward which my unwearied

and frequently by having Dung, Clay, Dirt, and other heavy Substances, wound up with the Fleeces ? Yes — by Dung and Pitch particularly.

Withdrew.

Appendix, N*

1.

An ACCOUNT of the Quantities of Wool seized in the Years 1786 and 1787; specifying the Places at which the same were seized.

PORTS.

The Year 1786.

London —

Carlisle —

Dover —

Folkstone —

Faversham —

Jpjwich —

JJverpoole — Penzance —

Portsmouth — — I

Rye —

Hajlings — »

Rochester —

Truro —

Ulverstone — Whitby —

Pounds Weight. 686

1,019 988

3*6 1,022 120 61 1,404 5 1.298 1*831

1,889 278 59

9,981

The Year 1787.

Pounds Weight.

2,404

3>3+»

385

402

2,440

409

Perseverance in this Business has entitled me to,.and which you will find confirmed by a Letter from Mr; Stona. The Vessel got all the Goods in last Night, and put to Sea with most of the Refcuers, several of whom, together with the Captain, we have got the Names of, so I must desire you to direct me how to proceed: The Officers that attended were Two of the Customs, Two of the Salt, and One of the Excise t the latter greatly exerted himself: I trust they will receive some Mark of your Approbation; and as I have done this contrary to my own Interest, and at the Hazard of my Life, I trust you will consider that Circumftaqce; for I have several Packs of Combing Wool now by me, which I might have sold to the very Tradesmen that fold those Smugglers the Worsted I find it was brought high Thirty Miles at least from this Place.

I hope you have received the Pack of superfine Wool 1 sent you, and I do not doubt but it gave Satisfaction. If it is agreeable, I could wish for a Bill to the Amount by Return of Post j as Shear Time is nigh at Hand, I trust you will not take this Requefll amiss. I remain,

Sir,

with due Respect,

your most obedient,

humble Servant,

Tho‘ Harvey.

Sir,

9.38i

The Whole of the above, as stated by Mr. , is literally true \ and I can add, that I believe no Man ever 100k more Pains than he has done; and also on a former Occasion, although not then successful. 1 am.

Sir,

your most humble Servant,

N. B. The Articles marked were delivered up to 23d May 1786. Jn° Stand.

the Proprietor. Esquire, Devizes.

Vol. XLIII. 4 D Appendix,

Accountant’s Office,

26th February 1788. Jn* Baftin, per Account*.

Appendix, N* 3.

TABLE of the Importation of Wool in the Town of Saint from the Beginning of the Peace to the lift

of January 1787.

Years,

1783*

Months.

1784.

1785.

1786.

February March Ditto — April — Ditto — May — Ditto — June — Ditto — July — August — September October

November December Ditto —

February March — April — May — June — Ditto — July -August — September Ditto — October November Ditto — December

January Ditto —

February Ditto — Ditto —

March — April —

Ditto — May — June -Ditto — July — August — Ditto — September Ditto — October November December Ditto —

January Ditto — February. Ditto — -Ditto — March — Ditto — April — May — Ditto — June -

Number of the Vessels. ! Places whence they came from* ( Tons. 1 Quantity of Wool I brought in Current ’rices of it.

— I Guernsey 17 — tf. 11,530; 52 Sols.

— 2 Jersey — — 10 18 7,600 1 ;o Sols.

I Guernsey — 5 ~ 2,800 . *8 Sols.

— I Guernsey — 5 — 3>»5° Ditto.

— a Jersey - — 10 each. 6,278 , 4.5 Sols.

— 1 Cornwall — 70 — 33 Sols*

— 1 Guernsey — - 8 — 2,115 42 Sols.

— 1 J^Jey - — 6 — 4,760 40 Sols.

— 2 Guernsey — 5 each. 5.907 42 Sols.

1 Guernsey — 5 — 1,780 Ditto.

— 1 Jersey - — 10 — 6,700 Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — *5 5 10,660 40 Sols.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 4,35° 38 Sols.

— 2 Guernsey — 15 8 13,228 34 Sols.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 2,170 30 Sols.

1 Guernsey *5 ~ 6,750 30 Sols.

— 2 Guernsey — >5 5 8,480 28 Sols.

— 1 Guernsey — 5 — 1,830 Ditto;

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 5,820 Ditto.

— 1 Guernsey — H ~ 7,970 Ditto.

— r Plymouth Sound 18 — 14,380 28 Sols.

— 1 Guernsey — 14 — 6,130 Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — *5 5 9,980 Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 4,928 26 Sols.

1 Plymouth Sound 18 — »5»3H Ditto.

— 1 Guernsey — l5 — 6,750 28 Sols.

— 2 Guernsey — 5 each. 4,186 Ditto.

— j Jersey — — 6 — >,434 Ditto.

— 1 Guernsey — 15 — 5,850 Ditto.

— 1 Falmouth — 20 — 16,440 25 Sols.

— 1 Guernsey 15 — 7,200 28 Sols.

— 1 strjy — — 6 — 3,735 Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — 20 8 12,340 Ditto.

— 1 Poole — — 10 — 8,156 30 Sols.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 4,780 Ditto.

— 1 Guernsey — H — 5,95° Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 4,200 29 Sols.

— 2 Guernsey — lS S 8,588 30 Sols.

— 1 Guernsey — 8 — 7,200 Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 1,13° Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — 20 8 9,670 32 Sols.

— 1 Guernsey — 15 — 4,050 Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 1,824 Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — 20 5 11,189 Ditto.

— 1 Plymouth Sound 18 — 10,846 31 Sols.

— 1 Guernsey — *5 — 3,960 35 Sols.

— 2 Jersey — — 6 each. 3,657 Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — >,755 Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — 20 15 12,130 Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 1,248 34 Sols.

— 1 Guernsey _ 8 — 5,760 > 35 Sols.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 1,812 Ditto.

— ,2 Guernsey — 20 -5 >3»410 1 Ditto.

— r Falmouth — 20 — 18,336 Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 6 — 1,62c 1 Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — lS. 5 8,318 36 Sols.

— 1 Jersey — — 10 — 5>7 9C > Ditto.

— 1 Guernsey — 20 — 9,726 > Ditto.

— 2 Guernsey — 5 each. 4,84f; Ditto.

— 1 Jersey — — 4 — M3*,) 37 Sols,

2 Guernsey 20 4 8,82c 1 Ditto.

OBSERVATIONS.

"When the Vessels arrives in the

side of others, English Vessels, if there

is any in the Harbour.

Jersey Boats very seldom puts in the Harbour of St. M;. they advance into the Mouth of River where they unload in the Port of So-lictor.

The French are so fond of English Wool, that they very often grants the Permission of opening the Gates of this Town at Night, in order to receive the Wool when the Boats arrives late, or to conceal them from their Countrymen, if it is known there is some in Town.

The Declarations of Masters are not for Wool, ’tis called by the French Custom House’s Officers de BceuJ (Oxen Hair); and they deliver the Permission of unloading the Vessels accordingly. But the Masters or the Owners of the Poil de Boeuf are obliged to declare how many Pounds they have (withinTen Pounds) and if there is only One Pound more or less, they lose the Whole of it, it’s being seized by the Custom House's Director.

The Duties upon Wool, at the Entrance, is i*. 6. per Pound.

The Duties upon Wool, at the Exportation out of this Place, are H*. 6. per Hundred Weight.

It does not remain here a Tenth Part of the Wool brought in the greatest Quantity is sent to Rennes; from whence it is exported to Elbceuf , Louviers, Sedan, Vienne, &c. for the Manufacturers of Cloth, which pays it no Doubt at a high Rate, as there is Duties to be paid upon it in each Province it pass through — these Duties, tho’ small, are not so inconsiderable, particularly when the Wool is to pass through many Provinces.

The current Prices of WhiteWool does not varies often; however it has been of late dearer than it was before, because the Quantity imported this Year has not been so considerable as formerly. Wool dyed in several Colours is dearer, and the Price of it is seldom under 55 Sols. The Quantity of dyed Wool don’t make Jx of the Whole.

The town of St. Malo is the chief Place for the Importation of Wool; however there is a certain Quantity imported to Granville j but if. appears, by the current Price, that it is by no Means so considerable as

here j

S6 Maftii.

Yeiri.

Months*

Namber Places whence

of the / they came from* VesselsA Tom,

1786. [June — — I

I July — — /

\August — - — I I September — I I October — f \ November tfitto — 221

\December — - 1 Diet o — 201

Ditto — 21 j

/Ditto — D°

1

2 1 1

1

2 1 1 1 1 1

.Falmouth —

I7^r ——

IGucrnfey —

7^ ——

\ Guernsey \ Guernsey I Guernsey \ Guernsey \ Guernsey I Guernsey \jerjey —

20 --

6 4 15 — 6 — 10 — 20

l5 18

*5 6

10

*787.1 January — 61 1 —

Ditto — 201 1 \GuemJey IDitto — 211 1 — —

10

*5

20

8

Quantity of Wool bronghtin.

/*.

3»786

5.°* 5

7.180 1,560 2,850 6,470

3.180 6,750 4,200

960

i,7°o

620

i,3°°

*.9*7

Current Prices of it,

37 Sols.

36 Sols. 39 Sols.

Ditto.

37 Sols.

38 Sols. Ditto. Ditto.

37 6 Ditto. Ditto.

38 Sols. 36 Sols. Ditto.

187

OBSERVATIONS.-

here j the last Cargo brought to Granville was fold Sols ter Pound* White Wool.

As to that which is imported to Cherbourg, and to the Eastern Parc of the Coast of No, ’tis not an Object of Consequence, and is smuggled out of , as the

and Guernsey Boats does not resort farther than St, , Leguet Granville, Reneville, Guilktc, Portm

call, and Carteret.

'The Harbour of Legue} near <?/. Brieue, is a Place where 3^7*7 Boats goes often, and carries no Doubt some Pei/ </<* B/ruf an exatt Account of which shall be given as soon as poiTible.

Appendix, N* 4.

TABLE of the Importation of Wool at Legue ,near St. Brieue.

Year*. Months. Numbej of Vessels. Places whence they came from. Tons. Quantity of 1 Wool. Current Price. OB SEP-VAT IO NS.

>7 83. February 21. I Guernsey — — 8 — lb. 5,215 54* As every Vessel pays so

25, 28. 2 Jersey — 10 each. 7,403 D* much Duty per each Ton,

March 16. I Jersey — — i° — 838 D° they are always measured be-

29. I Guernsey — — 20 — 8,781 52* low their real Measure; so

Apr 11. I Dartmouth — — *5 — 10,906 47* that a Vessel able to carry

20. I Jersey - - 12 — 3>254 46* Twenty Tons pays Duties

3°- 1 Jersey — — 10 — 2,832 45* , only for 15 or 17*

May 6. I Guernsey — — 8 — 4,526 D" *

June 2. t — - 12 — 9,610 D° There is no Kind of Wool

17- I Plymouth Sound 18 — 14,167 40* imported in this County, in

26. I 7*rfo — — 10 — 988 D° Bales or Packages, under

July 19. I Guernsey — — 8 — 1,827 41* another Denomination than

August 11. I Jersey — 12 — *o>53* 38’ Foil de Botuf — this is to be

September 8. I Jersey — — 10 — 8,462 D° very easily conceived, as Wool

14. I Jersey — — 12 — 6,304 D° the only Article coming

October 30. I Guernsey — — 8 — 3.284 D° rom England not prohibited

November 7. I Jersey — — 10 — 1,566 37' into France, except Provi-

sions, as Flour, Malt, Wheat,

*784. January 10. I Guernsey — — 8 — 5>83* 38' Pork, Butter, and Salt Beef.

26. I 7"/? — — 10 — 6,728 36' But as soon as the Ports shall

February 15. I Jersey — — 12 — 4,856 D° be opened, in Consequence of

March 3. I Guernsey — 8 — 1,969 38' the Treaty of Commerce, it

— 18. 7"/<7 — — 12 — 8,608 34’ is to be feared that a great

d 5. I 7"/of — — . 10 — 5,087 D° Quantity of Wool will pads as

*9- I Jer/or _ - 10 — 7,806 D» Bales or Packages of other

May 2. I Cornwall* 24 — 15,009 31' Goods.

28. I - - 12 — 3.851 33’

3i I 7^ — — 10 — 8,068 D°

7«(r *3* I Guernsey — — . 8 — 2,906 34'

August 1. I 7^/9 — ~ 10 — 7.49° 33'

16. I 7^/9 — " 12 — 6,820 D#

September 10. 1 7"/? - - 6 — 1,236 32*

26. i 7^/<y — — 10 — 5,408 D° '

„ 27. I Jersey — — 12 — 4.35° D°

October 14. 2 Guernsey — — 8 6 14,700 D°

18. I 7«so - - 10 8,085 30'

The Name of the Place was never known; in the Captain's Declaration, he said that he came from Cornwall.

November

i88 5°

Year*. Months. dumber of Vessels. Places whence they came from. Ton*. Quantity of Wool. Current Price.

1784. November 17. I Jersey IO — lb. 5,705 31*

December 6. I Jersey . 12 — 6,527 32*

20. I Guernsey — — 8 — J>396 34‘

t7«S- January 11. I Jersey I,-,-, _ 10 — 3,180 32*

February 4. I Jerfy — IO — 8,344 D*

22. I Guernsey — 15 — 12,260 35’

March 7. I Guernsey — — 8 — 4,653 , D°

26. I Jersey — — 12 — 6,281 34’

April 17. I Jersey — - — 10 — 7>342 D°

1. I Jersey — — 6 — *»7 3° D°

IO. I Jersey — , — 10 — 5,402 32*

27. I Guernsey — — 8 — 5*965 36‘

June 6. I Jersey — 12 — 7,846 34’

7"hr *3* I Jersey — — 10 — 4 A3S D*

August 6. I Jersey _ — 10 — 3,810 D°

OBob 8. I Jersey — 6 — 1,809 33’

16. I Jersey _ — io — 6,806 32*

November 4. I Jersey — 10 — 5,058 D*

December 12. i I Jersey — — 10 — 3,006 35* ’

1786. January 21. I Guernsey wmmmB ... 8 — 2,664 D*

29. Jersey — — 6 — 1*547 D’

February 8. I Jersey — — 10 — 7,960 36’

March 11. I Jersey — 10 — 4*217 D°

April 4. I Guernsey — — 8 — 2,815 D*

21. I Jersey — — 10 — 7,408 D°

May 2C. I Jersey — — 10 — 6,506 D*

I Jersey — — 6 — 1,288 38*

June 8. I Jersey — — 10 — 4,629 37*

'July u. I Jersey — — 10 — 5»5i6 36’

September 8. I Guernsey — 8 * — 4,30° 38’

»9- I Jersey — 10 — 6,043 34*

0Bober 5. I Jersey — — 6 — 976 3»*

10. Jersey — — 10 — 3>946 D*

November 16. I Jersey — — IO 3*630 39’

December 2. I Guernsey — — 8 — 1,509 D°

D° 24. I Jersey 10 — 2,900 D*

1787* January 10. Guernsey _ — 1C — 4,210 38’

D° 12. V Guernsey ' ' 1,218 D*

A. 1788.

OBSERVATIONS.


Appendix, N# 5.

ACCOUNT of Wool imported at Granville, in the Year 1787, including the Accounts given Monthly to the Receiver of Custonrts in that Place, by these of Carteret, Guilete, Reneville, and Agon, small Harbours along the Coast of Normandy.

Dates. From. Quantity.

January — 3 IO De b* 18 D° 27 28 D* D° England — Guernsey _ Jersey — — . D° — — England -u . — Guernsey — _ D° t~ — Jersey - -D* i — — D" — . — lb. 2,675' . 76 208 378 ^1,560 39 2,301 64 103 ► lb. 18,094

February

Dates.

February —

Marcia

April — —

May — - —

June — —

7ulJ

August —

September —

189

From; Quantity;

8 Guernsey — — ib. 1,206 *

IO England — — 9,500

>3 b® — — 4,450

*7 Jersey ' . — — 26

D° D" — — 47 >

rr D® — — 94

D° D° — — i,bi2

D° England — — 1,910

25 D" — — 7,862

28 D° — — ,5>°7°.

a D® < — — 7>300'

D° Jersey — — 1,708

8 Guernsey — — 160

D° Jersey — — 32°

I 2 England — — 3’37°

13 D® — — 8,076

18 D° — 1 — 3>567 ►

22 Jersey — — 600

D° Guernsey — — - 3.2!5

D» Jersey — — 158

26 I)° — — 1,400

D’ D® — — 68 1

30 D® — — 89J 1

1 England — — 5,200 7

7 D® - — 2,060

9 Jersey — — 1,709 ► r

17 D® — — 1,300

28 D° — — 32

D° Guernsey — — 860.

7 Jersey — — x74*

D° b° — — 409

D° D° — — I,2IO

10 D® — _ 890

15 D° — — *7 ►

D® D® — — 287

*9 England — — - 1,966

23 D" — — 22,300

D° Jersey — — i»78o.

1 Jersey _ - 729'

D* D» — — 56

D° D® — 83

JO England — — *7,925 ►

20 England — — 306

24 D° — — 22 j

5 D* — _ 4,3*2'

7 Guernsey — — *,5*7

8 Jersey — — 48

11 D* — — 206 ►

23 D® — — *7

27 D® — — 95 a

2 t)® — — 78'

' 6 D° — — 450

10 D® — — 760

20 Guernsey — — 2,500 1 ►

'26 Alderney — — 3,250

29 Jersey — — 107 J

8 D® — — 43'

10 Alderney — - — 279

17 Jersey — — 267

21 D° — — 430

30 Guernsey — 4 — 927

D° D® — — 3,088.

lb.

4i,*71

Ibi

3°,°3*

lb.

ii,i6i

lb.

29>°33

lb.

19,12!

lb.

6,29*5

lb.

7»i45

0.

5,°34

Vox.. XUII.

4E

October

Dates. From. Quantity.

October — 5 England _ — lb. 4,067'

7 D° — — 8,788

18 D" strjey D° — 366 109 ► lb. 15,208

D° D# — — 676

27 D* — — 1,202,

November — 3 Alderney — i _ 5891

7 England — — 4,810

12 Guernsey — — 906

13 D° — — 2,355 lb.

16 Jersey — — 672 " 11,23!

20 D- — — 1,516

D° D# — — i73

25 D° — — *34

D° D° — — 76.

December — 7 Jersey M — 842'

10 England — — 5,280

*5 Jersey " — 37°

D° D° — — 3 00 > lb. 8>329

18 D° — " 3*5

D° D° — 88

3° D" — — 95°

3i D° — — 184

lb. 201,859

841 Packs.

Appendix,. N°

ACCOUNT of Wool imported at Valery, in the Year 1787.

Dates. From. - Quantity.

January — 7. England lb. 1,531'

D° — D° — 2,234

10 — D° / 2,710 > lb. 11,985

17 — D° 2,35°

20 . — D6 — 3,160, 1

February — 6 _ D° — 2,051'

12 _ D° — 156

*5 *7 Y>* D° - - 3>25° 670 >, lb. 7,685

24 . — D° — 523

25 D* ! —

March — 3 — - D° _ 2,825'

10 ' D°..... ' 1S3

11 D° 212 . lb. 12,017

18 — D° — 3»538 >

23 — D° — - 4,200

29 D° *>059.

April — 5 — D° _ 969] 1

8 — D° — 3.634

11 " D* . 3.340 1

*5 D° — 2,636 J* lb. 12,987

1C > — D° — *.234

22 D° — 62

27 D° 1,112, 1

May

5° MartiL

j.8 Geo. lit

Dates. From.

| 1 1 P i — England

6 — D®

9 — D®

13 — D®

2 1 — D®

26 — D®

1-4 1 1 — D®

7 — D°

1 I — D®

12 — D°

17 — IP

23 — D®

29 — D®

July — — 6 — D®

IO — IP

12 — D®

14 — D°

*5 — D®

26 — D®

August — - — 8 — D®

19 — D®

20 — D®

30 D®

September — 3 — D®

5 — D®

8 — D"

13 — D®

18 — D®

21 — D®

24 — D®

28 — D®

October — 9 — D®

12 — D®

*5 — D®

18 — D®

2 ' — D’

2$,) — D®

November — rj r — D®

2' } — D"

21; — D®

2i 5 — D®

3< 3 — D®

December — 3 — D®

Quantity.

2,542

1,726

M63

748

3,005

1>274j

2,400'

1,763

1,094

708 >

465

2,090

2,675.

1,403

267

576

3,845

1,120

2,764

6,596'

1,701

*,358 ( 748 J

310' 262 1,896 9,080 I 960 ’

4,302

2,660

576.

17,682'

1,670

2,344 I 1,106 j 210 I 768J

3.854' 2,632 486 ► 2,075 2,348J

10,858

io,795

9,975

16,688

20,046

23,780

",395

lb. 5,360

639 Packs.

1

lb. 153,571

Appendix, N# 7.

November. O ST END being a free Port of Importation, it is impossible to determine, what Quantity of Wool is brought into that Place by Smuggler;! — there was a great deal brought in Time of War, when the French Ports were not open.

13 B*- Saw a Smuggler coming from being on the Pier — Had on board 7 3ales of Wool, about a Hundred Weight each — Wool was 36.' or 18 Pence per Pound.

9

Dunkirk. — :Two Vessels arrived, a Cutter and a 17 D*. Lugger, with some Wool on board from , but

could never come at the Quantity — Saw 10 Carts

loaded, 6 Bags in each, and delivered to one Mr. G-,

an Agent for some Houses at Wool pays no

Duty here.

Had a long Conversation with Mr. B---- concerning the Necessity of'English Wool in their Cloths; allowed with me that it was true that some of their Eta-mines (a Drift for Women) and Camlets could not bn manufactured without.

Five

November.

Five Smugglers arrived from England-, some had ^Vool in small Bags weighing about 20 lb. each — -The Whole was delivered to Mr. E — , but could not procure art Account of it. The only Thing I was informed of was, that it was sent from England to that Merchant by a Correspondent; that he received vast Quantities every Year for a Manufacturer at Abbeville — that he has paid for Wool, in a scarce Time, 40 Sous a Pound — that once he received in a Week

10 Pence

40 Tons — that he buys Wool wherever he can find any.

A Year or Two ago the Quarttity of Wool brought here was immense; it is (till so> by what I have seen.

i December. Boulogne.-Saw a large English Sloop at the Quay,

about 40 Tons, loaded with Wool, which they were unlading, and carrying to Mr. — Asked Mr.

D---’s Nephew many Questions about Wool, and

why the French gave so much Money to the English for it — Was informed, that several Manufacturers, particularly those at Amiens, could not do without it — That Mr. Delport was Correspondent to Mr. Vanrobais of Abbeville, and to several Manufactu- rers at Amiens — That he had been lately in

Where he had bought 60,000 lb. of Wool, which was to be forwarded to him at sundry Times — Have been on board the Smugglers, . — The Price of English

Wool was 19 d.per Pound. — Besides the Sloops mentioned, there arrived Two small open Boats, loaded with Wool from England, which was fold immediately to Shopkeepers.

y Abbeville — The Manufactory of Mr. Vanrobais em-

ploys 4,000 in the Town — about 40 Looms in the Manufactory — Saw a great deal of English Wool, which was combed, in a small Warehouse — Was shewn through all the Houses. — I a(ked why they bought English Wool, while there was some in France as good and better; was informed, that for their Camlets, Ras-fleuris, Burrucan, they could not do without at lead an Half of English Wool to mix with their own for the Chain; but as for their Broad Cloths, they could do without it — Was told that the EngliJIs Cloth Manufacturers were endeavouring to prevent their Smugglers from bringing any Wool; but it would be impossible, because there would be always some imported, and they Should not mind paying 5 per Pound more for it, if it became scarce.

Workmen 7 3 Livres — — 40

a Day Half a Crown — 20 Pence.

20 S. — and 12 10 Pence — — 6 Pence.

Asked the Clerk of Mr- Vanrobais to dine — he accepted — The Receiver of St. Valery came in — Was liandi}. suspected, and obliged to go to Dieppe-, was asked there by a Clothier, if I would fend him English Wool — Could never tell the Quantity they brought in.

Left Dieppe, came to Rouen, went to Louviers, to fee Mr. Decretoux’Manufactory — Saw a Quantity of Bales

of English Wool, and was told it came from Boulogne

— Mr. Decretoux has sent to England for Sheep alive — have seen 53, for which he has made an Inclosure, to secure them from Wolves, C?r. — Went to Madame

V. R -----; told her 1 came from Paris, had passed

through Rouen in my Return home; that I wished to know some Persons which would buy a certain Quantity of English Wool. — She told me, that if I would fend it to her, (he would give 36 Pound, which was the Price ftie had bought above 5001b. at the Havre. — I said it was too cheap — That I would go to Elbxuf, and fell it there to some Manufacturers. — She said I might, but was sure they would not give me more, having lately received a large Supply from Boulogne and St. Valery.

Took a Horse and went to — was admitted

in Mr. P. Grandin's Manufactory, where they employ a great deal of English Wool in their Cloths- — which are chiefly Bays, and Cloths about 18 Livres the Aune, which is sent to them from Dunkirk, Boulogne, St. Valery, and Havre de Grace.

Went to the Havre de Grace,took my Abode at Mr.

B----, whose House is the Retreat of all Smugglers:

To get Admittance to the Matter of Customs was a Thing impossible, (Ac. — thought proper to get all the Intelligence I could in another Way, viz. That English Wool has been brought here, and at Honfleur, constantly since the late War — that sometimes 5 or 6 Boats loaded with are come in a Week — that the Wool is sent to Mr. Grandin, and others, Manufacturers at Elbiruf, See. — that several Luggers come (till regularly, and have brought Sheep alive for a Manufacturer at Louviers.

Went to Cherbourg — paid a Visit to a Mr. M---,

Whom I knew, and which has been always the principal Factor for the English, Alderney, Guernsey, and

Jersey Traders; told me that he bought only in the Course of last Year, no more than lb. 112,000 of English Wool, (Ac. having Orders from Manufacturers at Vire, Elbccuf, Louviers, See.

Took a Horse, and proceeded to Carteret,

Reneville, and Agon; and having been told in all these Places, where I have several Acquaintances, that the Account of the Importation of Wool is given every Month, by the Receivers of the Customs in these little Creeks, to the Receiver General at Granville;

Went to Granville — paid a Visit to the Receiver of the Customs — got the Account of the English Wool imported to Granville, and its Vicinity, in the Year 1787; — this being all the Intelligence I could gee in this Town, I prepared myself to take a Passage over to Jersey, or England.

The Islands of Jersey, Guernsey, and Alderney, do not employ all the Wool which is allowed to them; as a certain Proof of it, their exporting Wool so often, and in such Quantities, makes it appear doubtless — formerly the chief Trade of the Inhabitants was Hosiery, but it is come to almost nothing, particularly in Guernsey; and these of Jersey do not actually bring to St. Granville, and

Cherbourg, so many Stockings, at lead by a Third Part, as they used to do — these Stockings were knitted by the Peasants, and most Part of them are grown rich in the War; so that this Branch of Trade, which was extended only by Necessity, is much reduced in Jersey, and may be considered as nothing in Guem/ey and Alderney.

Appendix, N* 8.

' At Amiens, in Picardy, the Manufacturers make use of very great Quantities of English Wool, in their Etamines, Duroys, Burracans, and Camlets; and I have been informed, by Manufacturers, that some of these were made entirely with English Wool — To make their Ras-fleuris, Serges, Royales, (Ac. they mix English Wool with Berry Wool in the Chain. — At Abbeville and Elbceufa Sort of Cloth, 6 Quarters wide, about 15 Livres an Aune, which is equal to about 9/6. or 10/. per Yard English -, the Chain or Warp of these Goods is made with English Wool. — There are also other Kinds of Goods, such as Bays and coarse Kersey Cloths, made with Part English and Part French Wool. — At Lille the Manufactures are pretty much similar to those at Amiens. — A Rider of a House at Lille, with whom I met at Rouen, gave me these Informations, and allured me, that much Fjiglish Wool was made use. of in their Manufactory.

Appendix,

5® Mar

293

Appendix, N® 9.

Town and County of) Be it remembered. That on the

K>ngfton upon Hull, f Fourth Day of 1787, at

the Town of upon , in

the County of the same Town, William , Ex-

cife Tide Surveyor at the said Town, in his proper Person, cometh before us. Sir Henry , Baro-

net, and Edward Couljon, Esquire, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the Town and County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, and as well for our Lord the King as for himself in this Behalf, giveth us the said Justices to understand, and be informed, that some Time in the Months of June or July last, John W'annberlate of in the

Kingdom of Sweden, did aid and assist in carrying or exporting from the Town of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, to Geffle aforesaid, in a Ship or Vessel called The Aurora, whereof he the said John Wannberg was then Mailer, Two Bags of Wool, containing together Onq hundred and Sixty Pounds Weight, of the Growth of the Kingdom of England,contrary to the Form of the Statutes in such same made and provided i by reason whereof, and by force of the said Statutes, the said Informant prays the Consideration of us the said Justices in the Premises, and that the said John Wannberg may be convicted of the said Offence, and punished according to the Direction of the Statutes in such same taade and provided.

Wm Herbert.

Taken before us,

H. , (Copy.)

Edwd Couljon.

Appendix, N° io.

Town and County of 1 The several Examinations of Charles Kingjhn vfon Hull. J Render of in the Kingdom of Sweden, Mariner, and Joseph Stckell of Kingston upon Hull, Cabinet Maker, taken upon Oath, the Fourth Day of September 1787, before Edward Couljon, [ Esquire, and Sir Henry Etherington,

Baronet, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Town of Kingston upon Hull aforesaid, and County of the same Town.

And First, the said Examinant Charles , on

his Oath, faith, That about Three Months since, he this Informant, belonged to a Ship or Vessel called The Aurora, belonging to Geffle, in Sweden, whereof John Wannberg was then Mailer; that some Time in or about the Month of June or July last, the said Ship Aurora being then at the Port of Kingston upon Two Bags of Wool were shipped on board the said Ship or Vessel by the said John Wannberg; that the said Wool was brought from a Warehouse at the said Town of Kingston upon Hull, belonging to one Joseph Stokell of the same Town; and that the said Wool was exported in the said Ship Aurora, from Kingston upon Hull aforesaid to Geffle aforesaid.

And the said Joseph Stokell on his Oath faith, That in or about the same Month of June or July last he sold to the said John Wannberg the said Two Bags of Wool, which contained together One hundred and Sixty Pounds Weight; that the said Wool was the Growth of the Kingdom of England, and was taken from his this Informant’s Warehouse at Kingston upon Hull, and laden on board the said Ship Aurora with the Knowledge and Directions, by the said John Wannberg, the Matter, for the Purpose of Exportation. And that he Vol. XLIII.

the said Informant verily believes the said Two Bags of Wool were exported to Geffle aforesaid.

Charles Rander, Joseph.

Taken and ligned the Day and Year first within written, before us, (Copy.)

EdwH Couljon,

11. Etherington.

Appendix, N® ni

We£^lnS of) The Examination of John Skirlew, of towiu’ J Thorne, in the said Riding, Waterman, taken upon Oath before us, Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the said Riding, this Twenty-fourth Day of October 1787.

Who faith, That in or about the Month of O£lo-ber, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-six, he was employed by William Backbouse, the Matter of a Vessel or Sloop then lying in Goxhill, otherwise Geu/ehi/l Haven, in th6 County of Lincoln, and Kingdom of England, and saw him take on Board the said Vessel or Sloop Ninety Tods of Wool, of the Growth of the Kingdom of Great Britain, which he this Examinant knows was bought in the Town of Goxhill, otherwise Gousehill aforesaid: And this Examinant further faith, That the said William Backhouse was the Purch.afer and Owner of the said Wool, and that the same was exported by him from the said Goxhill, otherwise Gousehill Haven, to the Port of Dunkirk, being a Port belonging to the Kingdom of France, ijind this Examinant can the better depose as above, he this Examinant having failed in the said Vessel or Sloop along with the said William Backhouse, as his Servant, to the Port of Dunkirk aforesaid: And that he this Examinant saw the said Wool delivered, by the Direction of the said William Backhouse, at the said Port of Dunkirk, where the same was fold, and no Part thereof returned and fays, the Money arising from the Sale of the said Wool was laid out in sundry Articles at aforesaid, which were brought to England.

John Skirlew.

Sworn before us.

Edm. B,

John Beckett.

Appendix, N® 12.

Bordugh and Soke of J Doncaster, in the West > Riding of Yorbshire. j

To all and singular the ConstableS in the said Borough and Soke* And especially to Richard Ward.

Whereas Complaint hath been made unto us. Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the said Borough, upon Oath of John Skirlew, who faith. That in the Month of October last he was employed by William Bacchus, on board a Vessel in Gouftll Haven, in the County of Lincoln, and saw him take on board the said Vessel Ninety Tods of Wool of the Growth of the Kingdom of Great Britainand he failed, with the Vessel, along with the said William Bacchus, to the Port of Dunkirk in France, and there he the said William Bacchus fold and delivered the Wool, and did not bring it back to England-, this Informant returned with the Vessel.

These are therefore, in Elis Majesty’s Name, to command you to bring the Body of the said William Bacchus before Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace in and for the said County of Lincoln, to be ex-

4 F atnined

Martii

A, 1788.

amined concerning the Premises, and to be further for repairing and widening the Road from the Misdealt with according to Law. And you are also here- field and Turnpike Road, near the Nine

by required to give Notice to the Complainant, to ap- Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple,

pear and make good his Complaint.

Given under our Hands and Seals, at aforesaid, this 19th Day of 1787.

Ja' JackJott, Mayor.

IV" Rickard.

Lincolnshire, )

; i

Lindsey.

Report from Committee (in j 786) resptft. ing the illicit Exportation of Wool, &c. to be printed.

The Lords have agreed to

American Trade Bill.

Marchwiel Road Bill) with an A-nitinlment.

Forasmuch as Proof, upon Oath, hath been made before us, Alan , Ef-

quire, and

Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the Parts of Lindsey, in the County of , That the

Names, Ja’ Jackson and W" Rare of the respective Hand-writing of the Justices of the Peace within mentioned; We do hereby authorize Joseph Stancliffe, who bringeth unto us this Warrant, and all other Persons to whom the said Warrant is directed, to execute the same within the said Parts of Lindsey. — Given under our Hands, the Twentieth Day of her 1787.

Alan Johnson.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant March, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Report.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Report, which, upon the 12th Day of June 1786, was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider of the illicit Exportation of Wool, Live Sheep, Worsted, and Yarn, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, be printed, as shall be l'ufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Dominions, and the Inhabitants of the Territories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on betwfeen this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, and 1lanmer,in the County of Flint, to a House in the

Possession of Thomas Jenks,in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Banger aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester,

Tupton New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Buntingfeld Nook, in the Parish of /if:over, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Cheferfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile

Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tup-ton Neo.o Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Buntingfeld Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George Cavendish do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin's, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tarfiey, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the: Cheferfield Turnpike Road at in the said

County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Cat Alfreton Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin’s, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tarfiey, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Turn-

pike Road at Kelfidge, in the said County of Derby.

Ordered, That Lord George do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of

Kirkby in Afifield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxtcn to Carter in the

Pari fit of South Normanton, and from P; u,xton to the Colliery near Pin:ton Green, in the County of Derby, was read jl Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Frederick Montagu, dec.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

AlfYetort Road Bill pa fled.

Blidworth Pinxton Roads Bill commuted.

Sir John JFodehotife reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for draining, dividing, and inclosing the Common, or Waste Ground, called Cajllemartin Corse> within the Manor and Parish of Caj}lcmartin> in the County of Pembroke, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Person, whose Property in the Land to be drained and inclosed is in Mortgage, and the Mortgagee hath con-

Castlemartia Dinitnge and Inclol'm e Bill repotted.

and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of fented, and which Property amounts only to £.2. 3 s.

Salop, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

AT?n»fieM Road Bill pailrd.

10 d. per Annum, according to the Quit Rents; and that the whole Property having Right of Common, according to the Amount of the Quit Rents, is f. 47. 2 s. 1 J- d. per Annum , and that no Person appeared

An ingossed Bill for enlarging the Term and before the Committee to oppose the Bill).; and that

Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third,

the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-5 ‘ rented

48 Geo. III.

5° MartiL

49$

rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossfed.

?ill to enable Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill out of Conn, to enable Justices of the Peace, being in the Corn-ties in which million of the Peace for more Counties than one, to act as such out of the Limits of the Counties in which they shall reside, in certain Cafes: And that Sir William Codnnglon and Mr. Bearcroft do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

they refute, ordered;

Address for Papers relate ing to Sir Elijah Impey.

tapers relating to Sir Eli* jah Impey ordered.

Rcfched, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions that there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Earl of dated the 8th of

July 1782, for re-calling Sir Impey; and also.

Copies of the several Affidavits of Alexander Elliott and Hercules Durham, Esquires, inclosed in a Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to one of His Majesty’s Secretaries of State in the Year 1775.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Translations of the Answers of the Four Pundits, referred to in the Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 9th of May 1775.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Letter from the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, in Bengal, to the Governor General and Council, dated the 7th of January 1777, applying to have Pundits appointed to attend the said Court; and also, the Answer of the said Governor General and Council thereto.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Addreftes, and other Inclosures in the Letter from the Judges of the said Supreme Court to the Court of Directors, dated the 9th of September

ms-

MaiUrseth, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Marfti or and Drainage Common, called Malidraeth and Corjddaugau, in the

Bill com- County of Anglesey, and for embanking the said Mar(h

muted. or Common, and for making Cuts, Channels, and

other Works, for draining and preserving the fame, and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bayly, the Marquis of Graham, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Paragraphs of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-thTcourtof Pies of the 40th and 41st Paragraphs of the Letter Directors to from the Court of Directors of the East India Com-dcraT'* or* Pany to the President and Select Committee of cre ‘ gal, dated the 11th of November 1768.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committeton to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, charge against to consider further of the several Articles of Charge 'dciMred?*

of High Crimes and Misdemeanors agair.ft Sir Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House1, 10 remove upon the Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India Troops fern to to direct that the Expence of railing, transporting, ^Eailln-and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the Br Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House was moved, that an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation tc and Management of the Affairs of the East India " Company, and of the British Possessions in;

" and for establishing a Court of Judicature for the <e more speedy and effectual Trial of Persons accused " of Offences committed in the East Indies," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. John James

Hamilton, 18a.

Mr. Steele:

T«„<rs for Noes.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- Fftimntes of suant to their Address to His Majesty, Hori'e and

Estimate of the Charge of Two Troops of Horse Lr'^"dr'ls Guards, and Two Troops of Grenadier Guards, from '

the 25th December 1787 to the 24th June 1788, being 183 Days; And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Life Guards, from the 25th of June 1788 to the 24th December 1788, being 183 Days; and of the respective Compensations to be made to the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the Troops of Horse and Horse Grenadier Guards, and to the Private Gentlemen of the said Troops of Horse Guards.

And the Titles of the said Estimates were read.

The said Estimates are as followeth;

1

ESTIMATE

5° Martlu 1788.

E S TIMATE of the Charge of Two Troops of ttorfe Guards, and Two Troops of Grenadier Guards, from the 25th December 1787 to the 24th June 1788, being 183 Days.

Numbers. Charge.

First Troop of Horse Guards — ' — — Second — D° — — — — First Troop of Grenadier Guards — — — Second — D® — — — 181 181 *77 17 6 8,826 14 — 8,82614 — 5,450 7 — 5,386 6 —

Total — 7*5 I- 28,490 1 —

War Office, . 5th March, 1788. Geo.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Two Regiments of Life Guards, from the 25th of June 1788 to the 24th December 178S, being 183 Days? and of the respective Compensations to be made to the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the Troops of Horse and Horse Grenadier Guards, and to the Private Gentlemen of the said Troops of Horse Guards;

N umber. Charge for 183 Days.

First Regiment of Life Guards - Second D" - 230 230 f 9>647 5 9 9,647 5 9 19,294 11 6

460

Charge of the Compensation to be made to the Commissioned and") Non-commissioned Officers of the Four Troops of Horse and 1 Horse Grenadier Guards, from the 25th June 1788 to the 24th 1 December i"]Si — — — — J — — — 4,968 12 6

For defraying the Charge of re-paying to the Private Gentlemen "I of the Horle Guards the Sums respectively paid by them on Ad- > mittance - J — — — 28,000 — —

Total — 52,263 4 —

War Office, 5th March, 1788. Geo. Yonge.

Ordered, That the said Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Cot m. c.tei Ordered, That all Committees have Leave to fit, ,oUt' notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Supply defer- Rejoked, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-rta' ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till a Quarter of an Hour after Seven of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Veneris,

Ways and Means defir-red.

18 Geo. III.

GoM and Sil* ver Lace Bill pa/led r

Mowfley Tn-dosure Bill passed*

CTerkenwell Church Bill faded*

Knapton In* closure Bill paHed*

Petitions front the Presbytery of Edinburgh, Fret hoi dci s of Middlesex, and inhabitants of Swansea, respecting the Slave Trade.

Verier isy y° die Mart it; Anno 28* Georgii III'44 Regis, 1788*

Martii. 297

ciples of Justice, Humanity, good Policy* and Religion j and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to amend, and render mort effectual, an Act, made in the fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver " Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making ft of Gold and Silver Thread," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass t And that the Title be. An Act to amend, and render more effectual, an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, " and for settling and adjusting the Proportions of of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of " Gold and Silver Thread."

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wation do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of , in

the County of Leicester, was read the Third Time.

R/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of in the County of Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Hungerford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James at Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard or Cemetery in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Petition of the Right honourable George Captl Petition M

Leave to pre-jfent a Petition for inclosing Thruifington Common fields.

Coninge/by, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden,

Owner of a considerable Part of the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Ykru/sington, in the County of Leicester, and also

Owner of the Great Tythes arising within the said Parish, on Behalf of himself and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, was-presented to the House, and read Setting forth.

That the said Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, are, in their present State, incapable of any considerable Improvement, but, if the same were divided and inclosed, it would be a great Benefit to the Petitioner, and to all other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds j and that the Petitioner’s Agent, employed on this Occasion, had prepared a Petition to have been presented to this House within the Time limited for receiving Petitions for private Bills, and apprehended that the Petitioner was then in Town, but, upon enquiring for the Petitioner, to procure him to sign the fame, he found that the Petitioner was in the Country, and that the Time was too Short to fend it down and receive it back, to be presented within the Time limited as aforesaid, and therefore the Petitioner’s principal Agent in Town signed a Petition on Behalf of the Petitioner, and the same wa9 delivered to a Member of this House, to be presented on the last Day for receiving Petitions, but the Petitioner has been informed that, by the Rules of this House, the said Petition could not be received: And therefore praying. That he may have Leave to present his said Petition, notwithstanding the Day limited by the House for receiving Petitions for private Bills has elapsed.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular leavegiven; Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Lord Viscount Malden.

Then a Petition of the Right honourable George Capel Coninge/by, commonly called Lord Viscount Malden, Owner of a considerable Part of the Open Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Yhru/fmgton, in the County of Leicester, and also Owner of the Great Tythes arising within the said Parish, on Behalf of himself and the several other Persons interested in the said Lands and Grounds, was presented to the House, and read* Containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Lands and Grounds, in such Manner as the House shall think propen

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thac Sir John Eden and Mr. Courtenay do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Thniflingfon Inclosure Pcjf tifcion.

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Presbytery of Edinburgh: And also,

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Middlesex: And also,

A Petition of the Portreeve, Aldermen, Burgesses, and Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Swan-Jea, in the County of Glamorgan j

Were severally presented to the House, and read* Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Prin-Vol. XLIII.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Scve- Netherhaven ralty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, inciofore mil Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste commitleii* Lands, within the Parish of Netberbaven, otherwise Netberavon, in the County of Wilts, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pen-ruddocke, Mr. Goddard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

4 G Mr.

2q8 Mar til. 1788.

Cambridge, Mr. Murtlock reported from the Committee, to P«ii"oiMre- whom the Petition of the Chancellor, Mailers, and ported. Scholars, of the University of , who have

thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of who have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the said Town of Cambridgin the County of bridge, who have thereunto subscribed their Names; and also, the Petition of the Chancellor, Matters, and Scholars of the University of , who have thereunto set their Common Seal, and of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses of the Town of Cambridge, who have thereunto likewise set their Common Seal, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, and Inhabitants of the said Town of Cam, in the County of Cambridge, who have thereunto subscribed their Names, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robert White being examined, said. That the Streets, Courts, Lanes, and other public Passages of the said Town, are ill paved, cleansed, lighted, and watched, and are greatly encumbered with various Incroachments, and annoyed by Spouts and Gutters; and that if proper Powers were given to pave, cleanse, light, watch, and otherwise improve the said Streets, Courts, Lanes, and other public Passages, and to remove all Obstructions, Incroachments, and Annoyances, it would tend greatly to the Health, Convenience, Safety, and Emolument of the said University and Town, and be of great public Utility.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, Mr. Robert White being further examined, said,'That if the Petitioners were impowered to supply the Inhabitants of the said University and Town . with Water from the public Conduit called

Conduit, it would be of great Utility to the said Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town with Water: And that Mr. Mortlock and Sir Henry Peyton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Paddington Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Church Peti- whom the Petition of the Right Reverend Father in ion reporte . qoc| Bcilby, Lord Bishop of London, Patron of Paddington, in the County of Middie/ex, Sir John bead. Baronet, and Robert Esquire,

Lessees of the Rectory of Paddington, Francis Jukes Couljon, Ambrose Godfrey, Menzies Bailey, James Mason, JoJefh Barrett, Jacob William Davis,

John Coleman, John Simmcnds, Benjamin Crompton, Thomas Hicks, James Ward, Thomas Hay ter, Edward Jler, Joseph Thompson, and others, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Estates, and Inhabitants within the Parish of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That- the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him. to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed!; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

William Boyd being examined, said, That he is a Surveyor; that he knows the Parish Church of Paddington-, that the same is a Brick Building, and is ar present in a ruinous State, that the Timbers arc rotten, and, in several Places, the Wall is spread, and is only supported by a few Brick Buttresses — That he is of Opinion, that it cannot be effectually repaired, but mutt be taken down, and re-built. Then

Ambrose Godfrey, Esquire, being examined, said. That he is Churchwarden of the said Paritti — That the Inhabitants of the said Parish are of late Years so very much increased, that the said Church will not at present contain One Fourth Part of the Inhabitants of the said Parish. — And the Witness added, That a Sum of Money sufficient to re-build the said Church cannot be raised upon the Inhabitants of the said Parish without the Aid of Parliament. Then

The Reverend John Shepherd being examined, said.

That the Bishop of London, in Right of his See, is Lord of the Manor of Paddington, and entitled to the Watte Ground within the said Paritti, subject to Commonage thereon; and that the Bishop is willing and desirous that a Piece of Watte Ground adjoining to the present Church Yard may be granted to the said Parish, for the Purpose of erecting the new Church thereon, and enlarging the Church Yard of the said Paritti.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Paritti Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Paritti: And that Mr. Mainwaring,

Sir John Morfhecd, and Mr. Thijiletbwayte, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Mutiny Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the bet- oldered-ter Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And that Mr. Secretary at War and Sir Charles Gould do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, ac- Mutiny Bill cording to Order, a Bill for punishing Mutiny and P‘ercmed* Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That An fwer to their Address of Wednesdaylaft (that His Majesty Addiefs‘ would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

Mr. Lygon reported from the Committee, to whom Fladbury rn-the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and cl°r,"t’ kill Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Com- "P01-"-11* mon and Waste Lands, in Fladbury, and and Moor,

in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Worcester, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Richard Browne Charlett, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 23 Acres and 2 Roods, who refused to sign, but had no Objection to the Bill; and also the Proprietor of 30 Acres, who refused to sign the Bill; and that the Whole of the Land to be inclosed contains 1,686 Acres j and that no Person appeared before the

Committee

Spann Smil Road Bill presented.

Warwick Bridge Bill passed.

linger* Roads Bill presented,

Shrew (bury and Wrexham Roads Bill preiemed.

BHIington and Wilpshire Inclosure Bill presented.

28 Geo. III. 70 Martii.

199

Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Agent for the Parties consenting to the Bill did, on their Behalf, consent that Two of the Commissioners should be left out of the Bill, as those Commissioners were named by the Owners of the Lands in Moor,

which Lands are now left out of the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterward? delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

»y Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Spam Smithy, in the Township of Elton, in the Parish of Warmingham, through , and over

Lawton Heath, by Lawton , to the lower End of a Lane, called Linley Lane, in Lawton, in the County of Chester, and from thence up the said Lane to Talk, in the Parish of Audley, in the County of Stafford: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Right honourable George Earl Brook and Earl of Warwick to build a new Bridge over the River Avon,in the Borough of

Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto, upon certain Terms and Conditions therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Right honourable George Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick to build a new Bridge over the River in the Borough of

Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Greville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. David Murray presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen, and from thence to Willey's Oak, and from

Kingsham to the Rod, and from Lingen aforesaid to Waiford, in the County of Hereford: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewflury to Wrexham, in the county of,

and the Roads from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of and several other Roads therein menrioned; and also for the making and repairing a Road from the said Road between Wrexham and Chester, to the present Turnpike Road from Wrexham to Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburne presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lordships of Billington and Wilpshire, otherwise

Wilpshire with Dinckley, in the Farish of Blackburn, and Honor of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn, and County Palatine of Lancaster; And the same was received 1 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Lddbroke reported from the Committee, to Sadlers Well* whom the Petition of Richard Wroughton and Thomas ^n*"CpUmdi Arnold, of the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Thomas Lloyd, Esquire, being examined, said, That the Petitioners are the Proprietors of a certain Place, in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, called Sadlers Wells, which he himself had known, for upwards of 50 Years, to be an established House of public Entertainment; and that by Writings and Tradition he believed it has been such ever since the Reign of Queen Elizabeth.

Henry Collingwood Selby, Esquire, Clerk of the Peace for the County of Middlesex, being examined, said.

That ever since the passing of an Act in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping difor-,* derly Houses," Sadlers Wells had been regularly licensed for Musical Entertainments by the General Quarter Sessions.of the County. Then

Mr. Bicknell being examined, said, That it is of late apprehended that feme Parts of the Entertainments, which for so many Years past have been exhibited at Sadlers Wells, do not come immediately within the Meaning of the Licence so granted, and that they are therefore prohibited by another Act, made in the Tenth Year of the same Reign, intituled,

" An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act,

" made in the Twelfth Year of the keign of Queen et Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws rc- lating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament, and for the " more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds,

" Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them <c whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common Players of Interludes."

Mr. Thomas King being then examined, said. That the Petitioners had purchased Sadlers Wells at a Price exceeding f. 12,000, under a full Confidence that such Entertainments as had been used to be exhibited there were perfectly legal, and warranted by the said Licence of the Quarter Sessions; and, in Consequence of such Confidence, had expended a large Sum of Money in fitting up the House, and providing proper Requisites for the better Performance of those Entertainments which had been for so many Years, without the least Interruption, exhibited there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse at Sadlers Wells, in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, under certain Restrictions therein limited: And that Mr. Ladbroke and Sir WaH ter Rawlinson do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. The Lord* Graves: have agreed t.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing certain Com-J- mons.

Browne’t Name Bill.

West India. Trade Bill

Westbury Inclosure Bill.

Mear and Wedmore Tn-cJofure Bill.

Bradwell Tn-cJofure Bil)9 with Amend-mepts.

Instructions lent out by the Court of Directors, ordered.

Lords Amendment to Marchwiel Road Bill put off for Six Months*

Marchwiel Road Bin ordered.

500

mons, or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Blcaden, in the County of Somerset; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Ralph Browneand his Issue, to take the Name and bear the Arms of Browne, pursuant to the Will of Jane Br, late of Caughley, in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of , Widow,

deceased j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India lilands, and the Countries belonging to the United States of America, and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Foreign lilands in the West Indies -, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Linds, within the Parish of bury, in the County of Somerset j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain' Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore, in the County of jet j without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts of the Instructions sent out by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, accompanying the Act of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the Criminal Jurisdiction.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, bury, and Hanmer, in the County of to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas,in the County of and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop.

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 28. Leave out from " ACt" to " And " in Pr. 4. 1. 9.

Ordered, That the said Amendment be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Six Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks,in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop: And that the Matter of the Rolls and Mr. Parry do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

7 s Mat tit.

A. 1788*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Scotch Elec-further regulating the Elections of Members to serve j®nejail"' in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called m ' Scotland: And that Sir James Johnstone and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday, Committncn the 16th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Com- siJijrdfjif mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the peydeLeT several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Mifde-meanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at William in Bengal.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration i*rd»Atedi the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill; in- Bracken intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open closure Bill and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common *8reedt0. Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of Bradwell, in the County of Bucks.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 20.I. 14. After "Aft" insert Clauses (A) and

(B).

Clause (A.) " And be it further Enacted, That

" all the Freeboard adjoining to " the said Parish of Bradwell, belonging to the Right honourable " George John Earl Spencer, shall be " deemed to be Part of the Lands and Grounds to be divided and inclosed by virtue of this Act;

" and after the Division and Al-c lotment of such Freeboard, the " fame, and also the Allotment to be made in lieu thereof, shall for " ever be respectively dfeemed to " be within and Parc of the said *f Parish of Bradwell, and the Pa- rish wherein such Freeboard now " lies, in such Parts and Propor-««tiens as the said Commissioners,

or any Two of them, shall in " and by their Award direct and " appoint."

Clause (B.) " And whereas the said George John

" Earl Spencer is Owner of the Parish of Stanton Bury, which adjoins to the said Parish of " well, except a Right to the first " Crop in every Year of certain *f Lots or Parcels, Part of a Meadow, called Bradwell Meadow,

" which Right belongs to the " Owners of certain Farms and " Lands within the said Parish " of Bradwell: And whereas the " said Meadow is situate at an inconvenient Distance from the " Farms and Lands of the several " Persons entitled to such first " Crops: Be it therefore further " Enacted, That it shall be lawful " for the said Commissioners to ascertain and fix the Value of the ‘c said first Crops of the said Bradwell Meadow, and to allot to the " several Persons entitled thereto " such Quantity of any Allotment to which the said Earl may " be entitled by virtue of this " Act, within the said Parish of " Bradwell, or out of any of the

" Lands

a8 GEO. IIL 7° Marin. %ot

rc Lands or Grounds belonging " to the said Earl, in the said " Parish of Bury, adjoin'-

" ing or lying near to the said "Parish of Bradwell, which may " be more eligible to the Per-" fons entitled to any such Allotments, as the said Commissioners, or any Two of them, shall "judge to be a full Compensation " for such first Crops of the said " Bradwell Meadow, belonging to " such Person or Persons as aforesaid; and that from thenceforth " all Right to the first Crop upon " the said Meadow, belonging to " such Persons as aforesaid, mall " cease, determine, and be for ever extinguished."

Pr. 29.1. 34; Leave out from " Lambs " to And " in Pr. 30.1. ax.

Pr. 39.1. 29. After " levied" insert " Provided " always. That nothing in this Act " shall vabate or anywise affect a

u Lease belonging to the said * James Shipton, of a certain Farm " and Lands in the Parish of " ton Bury aforesaid, held under lc the said Earl ."

Ana the House being informed that the several Parties interested in the Bill had been acquainted with the Amendments made by thfe Lords, and gave their Consent to the said Alterations;

The said Amendments were severally read a Second Time; ahd, Upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Young do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lo'rdships.

Mr. Steele reported from the Corrimittee, who were appointed to prepare art Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1788; That the Committee had prepared an Estimate accordingly, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, for the Year 1788.

Twenty-eight Days Pay to ao,oooo Militia Men Cloathing for D* — * —

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Serjeants —

Cloathing for D° — —

365 Days Pay to 514 Drummers —

Cloathing for D° ——

365 Days Pay to 1,028 Corporals —

D’ — D° — 66 Adjutants —

28 Days Pay to the several Officers —

28,784

30,840

18,781

3>598

4,690

1,028

12.521

7>i$5

8,700

116,137

1

1

c

e

d

r

1!

c

c

0

V

s

e

5

House resolve* to adjourn to Monday.

Whale Fishery

Accounts

rdered.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, distinguishing each, which failed from England and Scotland,distinguishing each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each, to the Greenland and Davis's Str eights Fishery.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Bounties which were paid on the Ships which failed to the Greenland and Davis's Sfreights Fishery in 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing the Amount paid in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, distinguishing each, which were imported from all Countries to England and Scotland, distinguishing the Imports from and to'each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787,; distinguishing each Year; together with an Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, exported to all Countries from England and Scotland, distinguishing each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distingurlhing each; ,

Vol. XLIII.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Ships, with, their Tonnage, distinguishing each, which failed from England and Scotland, distinguishing each, in the Years 1785,

1786, and 1787, distinguishing each, to the Southern Whale Fishery.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Bounties which were paid on the Ships which failed to the Southern Whale Fishery in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, distinguishing each, which were imported from the Southern Whale Fishery to England and Scotland, distinguishing the Imports to each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and

1787, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved ', That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

4 H to

Militia fefti-mate reported*

Supply dad ferred*

Way* and Meant deferred.

302 7° — 10°

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bm tortmove Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Troop. sent to removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioner* for the Affairs of India to direct that re^commitnd. the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining fuen Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the East Indies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possenions, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the said Report be brought up;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, J

TeUefforrheNoee.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Steele accordingly delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments arc necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Inliruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive Clauses for further specifying and limiting the Manner of applying the Revenue arising from the Territories

and Possessions in India.

And then the House, having continued to fit till near Three of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Luna> 10° die \

Anno a8* Georgii 1II, U Regis, 1788.

Prryers.

KtaiVt Eftat* \ N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bill commit- Act for vesting the Real Estate of Thomas Reade,

Esquire, and Elizabeth Reade, his Daughter, situate in Sbirbum, Brittwell, Sallome, Stokenchurch,

and Kingston Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and his Heirs; and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, in Manner therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Charles Spencer, Mr. Ord, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Martii A. 1788,

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, Fsmngdon to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Mea- wp0K,fc dows, Common Pallures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, accord- P*<Mia|ta

ing to Order, a Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Paddington,in the County of and for en-

larging the Church Yard of the said Parish: And the same was received 5 and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon prdwhrSd-Friday last, " That Leave be given to bring in a Bill,

" to enable His Majesty to license a Playhouse at difetargd,

" Sadlers Wells, in the Parish of Saint Clerken- ^££*5.

" well, in the County of Middlesex,under certain Restridions therein limited," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for the licensing of the Performance of certain public Entertainments therein mentioned, to be exhibited at the Place called Sadlers Wells, in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, in such Manner as is therein expressed: And that Mr. Mainwa-ring, Mr. Ladbroke, and Sir Walter Rawlinson, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Royii Assent Ulher of the Black Rod: t* Bills.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Affept to the said Bills: And that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Sydney, and the Lord OJbome, named also in the said Commission, did, accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent

28 Geo. III.

io° Martii.

rifled

'ItfunBgi

"Xttd,

:*U

:td,

kk

k!s

eta

owr

wx

3°3

to the said Bills; which Bills are as folio we th; viz.

An Act to continue the Laws now in Force for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His

this Afternoon, a tFive of the Clock; in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Sir Thomas Dundas prefen ted to the House, ac- Bewley,

Majesty’s Dominions and the Inhabitants of the Ter- cording to Order, a Bill for appropriating the Sum of tonon, and L.1: t’ ° ‘ jf. 12,000 out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus Bridgw*Bin

arising from the forfeited Estates in Scotland, towards yrilMittd. building Bridges over the Rivers Bewley, Conch, and

Helmjda in North Britain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rej That the Bill be read a Second Time*

ritories belonging to the United States of America, so far as the same relate to the Trade and Commerce carried on between this Kingdom and the Inhabitants of the Countries belonging to the said United States.

An Act for regulating the Trade between the Subjects of His Majesty’s Colonies and Plantations in North America, and in the West India Islands, and the . An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Filey fnelofu.*

Countries belonging to the United States of America, doling, the several Open and Common Arable Fields, BilJi’*ired* and between His Majesty’s said Subjects and the Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds,

Foreign Islands in The West Indies. within the Township of Filey, otherwise Filo, in the

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of cer- East and North Ridings of the County of York, was tain Acts of Parliament for repairing several Roads read the Third Time.

Rejo That the Bill do pafu And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows;

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Filey, otherwise In the East and North Ridings of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

leading into and near the City of Worcester, and for repairing certain other Roads therein mentioned.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Commons or Waste Grounds, within the Manor of dlejden, otherwise Morton, or with Morton,

in the Parish of Bingley, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Moors, Commons, or Waste Lands, within the Parishes of Mear and Wedmore, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Parish of Westbury, in the County of

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, certain Commons or Waste Lands, within the Manor of Bleadon, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for enabling Ralph Browne Wylde, and his Ififue, to take the Name and bear the Arms of Browne,

Mr. Alderman Watson reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Commons, of the City of , in Common Council assembled, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, an

Petition for regulating rho Mooring, &c. of VefTieis in the Port of London re* ported.

Pool and Of. *eftry Roads Bill reported.

pursuant to the Will of Jane Browne, Jate of Caugbley\ in the Parish of Barrow, in the County of Salop, Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His Widow, deceased. present Majesty, for more effectually improving and

completing the Navigation of the River Thames West-Sir Watkin Williams Wynn repotted from the Com- ward of London Bridge, within the Liberties of the mittee, to whom the Bill for more effectually repair- City of London, and for preventing any Vessel or ing the Roads leading from Pool through OJweJlry to Barge from being moored in Taplow Mill Stream, in Wrexham; from Knockin to Uanrbaiadr; from White- the County of Budks, was read , whereby it appeared,

hurst's House, in the Road botween OJweJlry and Wrexham, to Llangollen, and several other Roads therein-mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh; and for discharging the Trustees for repair-‘ ing the Bala and Dolgelley Roads from the Care of the

Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh, and for making Provision for the

That by virtue of and under divers Charters, recognized and confirmed by several Acts of Parliament, the Mayor and Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London, have had and exercised, and ought

and have accustomed themselves to have and exercise, the Office of Bailiff and Conservator of the Water of Thames, to be exercised and occupied by the

future Repair of the said Road, was committed; That Mayor of the same City for the Time being, during the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

the Time of his Mayoralty, or by his sufficient Deputies, in, upon, and about the Water of Thames, (that is to say) from the Bridge of the Town of Staines, in the County of Middlesex, and from thence to a certain Place called Kotherwise Yenland, otherwise Yenleet, towards the Sea, and Eaf1, and in Medway, and in the Port of the City of London aforesaid, and upon whatsoever Bank, and upon every Wharf of the same Water of Thames, within the Limits and Bounds aforesaid, and in, upon, and about all and every of them; and also for all the Time aforesaid have had and taken, and ought and have accustomed themselves to have and take, to their own

leicester *nd Weifoid Roid Bill committed.

proper Use, by the Mayor of the same City for the A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Time being, during the Time of his Mayoralty, or the Leicester and Weljord Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, at Gravel Pit Clcje, near Foft on Lane, to the Hinckley and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at Barlestone Lane End, in the said County of Leicester,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. g^Jord, Mr. Pocbin, See.: And they are to meet

his sufficient Deputies, all Wages, Rewards, Fees, and Profits belonging to the said Office. And Mr. John St. Barbe, a Merchant and Ship Owner, being examined, said, That his late Situation, as -Hoy-taker to the Victualling Office, had obliged him to be constantly upon- the River That in the

Course of his Business he had made many Observa-8 tiens

304 10° MartiL 1788.

tiens on the State of the Navigation in the Pool, and he apprehended a very considerable Sum of Money particularly among the Colliers — That from the in- would be required to effect and carry into Execution created Navigation on the River, and the Want of the several Objects and Purposes enumerated in the proper Regulations in the Mooring and stationing of Petition; and that he apprehends and is of Opi-Ships and Vessels in the Port of London, nurinberlefs nion, that a small Tax or Tonnage on the Ships and Inconveniences arise, and great Losses of Property Vessels,. or their Freight, or both, entering the Port are frequently futtained, by the Merchants dhd Ship of Lo/whii, will produce the Fund required, in the most Owners — That within his own Knowledge Five or equitable and proper Way.

Six Sail of Ships have been loft at a Place called Mr. Barbt and Captain Stupart being again exa-Pitcbers Point, by Reason of the Want of such Re- mined, confirmed the Whole of the above Evidence gulations, and that all of them, except one, were given by Mr.

within the last Seven Years, which one was a Vessel Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill from Leghorn, and her Cargo was valued at £.200,000 to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of — That other Ships have grounded upon the Anchors the City of London, to purchase the Mooring Chains of Colliers, and in Consequence thereof have been in the River ‘Thames, and for regulating the lying funk; One bound to the Mediterranean, with a Cargo and MoOring of Ships and Vessels within the Port of worth £. 40,000 — That he has sometimes known the London: And that Mr. Alderman and Mr.

Navigation about that Part of the River so ob- Alderman do prepare, and bring in, the

stru&ed, by the irregular Manner in which Ships were fame, llationed, that he could not pass even in a Wherry —

That he was of Opinion these Accidents might be A Petition of the Inhabitants of Wakefield, and its Petition* front prevented, and the Inconveniences now so generally Neighbourhood, in the West Riding of the County complained of be remedied, and the Navigation of of York:And also, f^ainRiU

the River be rendered quite safe and commodious, if A Petition of the Magistrates and Town Council of Slave Tride* proper Regulations for the Mooring and lying of Ships Paisley -,

and Vessels in the Port were established, and properly Were severally presented to the House, and read j

enforced. Representing the present State of the

And being further examined, he said. That there Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Princi-

are constant Complaints of Robberies, Outrages, De- pies of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and

predations, and Misdemeanors being committed on Religion; and submitting the same to the

the River, within the Port of London; that such Com- Consideration of the House.

plaints are to his own Knowledge often well founded. And the said Petitions were severally ordered

he having met with many Losses himself — That he to lie upon the Table,

was of Opinion these Evils might be prevented, and

Safety and Security afforded to the Lives and Pro- , Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, to Carm*rtiwi perty of Persons employed in the Navigation and whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and £oajSfje,i!'00 Trade of the Port, if a Nightly Watch, under proper others, of the County of Carmarthen, was referred; rcpor‘f Regulations, was established and maintained. That the Committee had examined, and found that

Captain Alexander Stupart, Surveyor of Shipping to the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of the Underwriters and to the Assurance Companies of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been com-London, being then examined, said. That his Business plied with; and that the Committee had examined occasioned his being at least Three Days every Week the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed upon the River, and frequently more — That he knew him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the several Fadts flared by the foregoing Witness to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; be true, and entirely concurred with him in Opi- and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk's Table: nion. Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Philip Wyatt Crowtber, Esquire, Solicitor to the1 viz.

City, being then examined, said, That the Right of To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, placing, removing, and using Mooring Chains with- David Williams, Esquire, being examined, said, That in the Port of London,between London Bridge and he knows the Road leading from Carmarthen to Lam-Bugby's Hole, is at present vetted in Sir Peter Burrell, peter Pont Stephen, and also the Road from Llandovery Baroner, by virtue of a Grant from the Crown, for a to Lampeter Pont Stephen, as described in the Petition Term of Years — That the City of London are advised — That the said Roads are very much out of Repair^. and understand, and that he believes it to be so, that and inconvenient for Travellers and Carriages; and it in order to give full Effect to the Regulations neCef- would be of great Benefit and Convenience to jdl, fary to remedy the Evils before Hated, respecting the Persons living near or travelling on the said Roads, if' lying and Mooring of Ships, it is essentially necessary the same were properly formed, widened, and ten-, that they should be possessed of the Rights and Pri- dered more commodious, but the same cannot be; vileges now held by the said Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, done by the ordinary Course of Law. , '

by virtue of the said Grant — That the Lord Mayor of Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill London being, as such, Conservator of the River, the for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the veiling the City with the above-mentioned Rights Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter Pont Stephen, in and Privileges will tend to completely enable them to the County of Cardigan, and from Llandovery, in the effect every Purpose that can be requisite for the Se- County of Carmarthen, to Lampeter Pont Stephen afore- . curity and Accommodation of the Navigation within said: And that Mr. Philipps and Sir William Matijel

the Port of London; that therefore it is highly requisite do prepare, and bring in, the fame.'.

that the whole Right of placing and using the Mooring Chains Should be obtained and vested in the City An ingrossed Bill for draining, dividing, and in- Cafliemartin of London, for the Use and Advantage of the Public, clofirtg, the Common or Watte Ground called — And he also said. That he was of Opinion, that the martin , within the Manor and Parish of p»uid.

Conservatorial Powers now vetted in the City, are not martin, in the County of Pembroke, was read the Third sufficiently effectual to remedy the Inconveniences Time.

complained of RejolvThat the Bill do pass: And that the Title Joseph Bushnan, Esquire, Comptroller of the Cham- be, An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the her of the City of London, being examined, said, That Common or Watte Ground called Castlemartin Corse,

'x within

4

28 Geo. III.

io° Martii.

3°5

within the Manor and Parish of Cafllemartin,in the wall, in Trustees, to be sold and'conveyed to Sir County of Pembroke. Francis Baronet, and for other Purposes therein

Ordered, That Sir John IVodehouse do carry the Bill mentioned, was read the First Time, to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lords have agreed to

Chartlev Tn-ckiuie Bill.

ParwiehTnclo-Aiie Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties of Drointon, Lea, and Amerton, all within the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

An ingrossed Bill from the'Lords, intituled, An h; ntze’s Nat, Act for naturalizing Daniel Godfr was read Billrtad* the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Bill for better the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within

i r rt ' plovment or

that Part of Great Britain called England: And that thefoor,or- Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Gamon, and Mr. Madocks, do pre- det*d* pare> and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fe- Accounts re-

Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields or veral Accounts and Papers which were presented to ^"jnance'to

P A.! A. _ 1 - f\__ 1* 1 . t # /I /* Til I #>1*1 A 1-T /\«% fid % r\ r\ M U A A /ThL a Z7» L mm*. ^«... 1 — L. IV H % I

Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of , in the County of

Leicester; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late Hugh momh’s Estate Lord Viscount Falmouth, situate in the Borough of Tregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of Corn-

wall, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Sir Francis Basset, Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: Ahd also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act . for naturalizing Daniel; to which the

Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Humbei stone Inclosure Bill.

The Lords have pafTc d Lord Fal

the House upon the a6th Day of February last, by Mr. be printed James Luttrell, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Secretary to the Commissioners Pipers, 4c. who were appointed to examine, take, and state, the ,h*°CommiT-Public Accounts of the Kingdom, do deliver, by fionersofPub-Schedule, to the Clerk of this House, all the Accounts, Papers, and Minute Book belonging to their to the cicrk of Office, he giving a Receipt for the fame.

the House.

HlntzVs Nat. Bill.

Glafpow and Dumbarton Road Bill reported.

Mr. Elphinflone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Papcrsreiming Papers and Account which were presented to the "

House upon the ioth Day of May 1786, by Mr.//- renttdint78«) dridge, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of to be printed, the Members of the House.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Supl’ly* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two F.fllmatesof Troops of Horse Guards, and Two Troops of Gre- Gua^icia-'

and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the nadier Guards, from the 25th December 17S7 to the red. Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads 'leading, into the City of Glasgow, so far as relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Dumbarton, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

24th June 1788, being 183 Days, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Two Regiments of Life Guards, from' the 25th of June 1788 to the 24th December 1788, being 183 Days, and of the respective Compensations to be made to the Commissioned and Non-commissioned Officers of the Troops of Horse and Horse Grenadier Guards, and to the Private Gentlemen of the said Troops of Horse Guards, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Report which Report Militia was made from the Committee, who were appointed Eltim,ic re*

Mutiny Bill committed.

ingrossed.

A Bill for ptmishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Lord Fal- An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An

mouth's Estate Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late Bui icad. Flugh Lord Viscount Falmouth, situate in the Borough of Fregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of -. Vol. XLIII.

to prepare an Estimate of the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty recommends it to the House to make such Provision for defraying the Charges of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1788, as they shall think necessary.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chcfir.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

4 I

ferred.

306 10° — ii" Martiu A. 1788.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Mr. Gilbertalfo acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Petinon from A Petition of the Commissioners acting in and for (>mm°rLnm c^e City of London, and Liberties thereof, appointed of umion, for to carry into Execution an Act of the Twenty-fifth aRrpeaiotthat an(j Twenty-sixth of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great Britain" was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners, from their Inspection of the Assessments, and from the numerous and various Appeals which have been brought for their Decision, presume themselves warranted in dating that the said Tax appears to them to be a personal Impost upon the Trader, for which it is impossible he can reimburse himself by laying any additional Charge upon the Consumer j and that the Petitioners, fitting in Judgment as Commissioners dn various Appeals, have had great Opportunity of becoming acquJlnted with the Situation of the Shopkeepers, and have seen with Concern the Hardships and Severity of its Operation on the middle and inferior Order of Traders, without the Ability to relieve them: And therefore praying the House to grant the most substantial Relief to the Petitioners, and their Fellow Citizens, by the Repeal of the said Act, which it is impossible for them to execute consistent with the Re-' gard due to their Oaths as Commissioners, and with an

Attention to the Principles of Justice and Humanity.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in the dies, should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions;

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Secretary at War reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Secretary at War accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill; and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Second Read* irg ot Exeter Poor Bill de-i ried.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon the ajth Day of February last, for reading a Second Time, upon Thursday next, the Bill for raising further Sums of Money, for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon; and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Morning next.

FHVoliftment of His Majesty’s Foices on their embarking for India in 1783 ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Establishment of the several Regiments of His Majesty’s Forces on their embarking for The East Indies, in March 1783, with a Copy of the Orders given in August 1787, for the Reduction of the Establishment of the said Regiments.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

T

Mortis^ ii° Martii;

’ Anno 28* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Pra y ex s.

A PETITION of the Mayor, Corporation, and other principal Inhabitants of the Borough, Town, and Manor of Bideford, in the County of was presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Returns &e. of U1C4 Regiments do lli ned for India, orderfd.

Application r Licence to r remit the till India Company's Regiment.soi dried.

Way? and Mfans deterred.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- Mr. 'Thomas Scott reported from the Committee, to pics of the last Returns of the Four Regiments destined whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put-for The East Indies, together with Copies of their Re- ting in Execution Three several Acts of Parliament, cruiting Orders. passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second; Ordered, That there be laid before this House; a and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Copy of the last Application to His Majesty, for His Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, Royal License to recruit the Regiments Abroad be- in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, -longing to the East India Company; with the Answer ditch, in the County of whose Names are

thereto. thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing The Order of the Day being read, for the House Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, to relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with;

9 a*d

CommitteeoA re-committed Bill to remove Doubts rc-spefting Troops feat to the East Indies*

Bill reported*

Petition from Bideford respecting the Slave Trade*

Old Street Road Petition reported*

48 Geo. III.

ii

Martii.

307

and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 9 and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read. And

Mr. Benjamin Barnsley being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Repair of the said Road, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Tolls, which cannot be re-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton, Mr. Crewe, See. 1 And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lord Penrhyn reported from the Committee, Liverpool to whom the Bill for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein, was committed j That the Corn-

paid, nor the said R.oad effectually kept in Repair, un- mittee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and

less the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged.

And the Witness added. That it will be neceflaryto increase the present Tolls.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of Three Acts, made in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-ninth Years of the Reign

found the same to be true 9 and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House 9 and he read the Report in his Place$ and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout 9 and then a Second Time, One of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the by One 9 and, ppon the Question severally put there-

Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening Old Street Road, in the Parishes of Saint Luke and Saint Leonard, , in

the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. ‘Thomas Scott and Mr. Alderman Sawbridge do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

South Shields V/aterPctition repot ted.

Sir John Eden reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of William

trill, Richard Armjtrong, John Rippon, George -pon, and William Taylor, was referred 9 That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 9 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House 9 and he read the Report in his Place 9 and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read 9 and is as followeth 9 viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Blenkinfop being examined, said, That the Town of South Shields, in the County of Durham, is at present ill supplied with fresh Water 9 and the Inhabitants of the said Town, and Parts adjacent, and also the Shipping which resort to the Harbour, frequently experience great Inconvenience for Want of a proper and regular Supply of Water 9 and that if Provision was made for remedying such Inconvenience, it would

upon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Calvert presented to the House, according to Hertford Order, a Bill for paving the Foot-paths, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public " Passages and Places, within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Re- Lingen pais, the Roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen, and drained, from thence to Willey's Oak, and from to the

Rod, and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford, in the County of Hereford,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. David Murray, Mr. Alderman Harley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from PapermUtkg the Directors of the East India Company, attended at ^Sir the Door 9 he was called in 9 and, at the Bar, presented fented.’P"

be of great Advantage to the Inhabitants, as well as to to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

>. us

the Shipping belonging to the said Harbour.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supplying with Water the Town of South Shields, and , Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to the said Town: And that Sir John Eden, Mr. Tempest, and Mr. Lambton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Wollafton Inclosure Bill pitted.

It

to 5

It-if

n,

o(

di

tat

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of Wollafion, in the County of Northampton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of IVollaJton, in the County of Northampton.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Spann Smithy Road Bill committed.

ft*

ate

(ft*

105

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, in the Parish of Warmingham, through Sandbach, and over Lawton Heath, by Lawton Gate, to the lower End of a Lane, called Linley Lane, in Lawton, in the County of , and from thence

up the said Lane to Talk, in the Parish of Audley, in the County of Stafford, was read a Second Time.

N° 1. Copy of the Transtations of the Answers of the Four Pundits, referred to in the Letter from Sir Elijah Impey to the Governor General and Council of Bengal, dated the 9th of May 1775; And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Judges of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, to the Governor General and Council, dated the 7th of January 1777, applying to have Pundits appointed to attend the said Court 9 and also, the Answer of the said Governor General and Council thereto: And also,

N° 3. Copies of the Addresses, and other Inclosures, in the Letter from the Judges of the Supreme Court to the Court of Directors, dated the 9th of Sep- -tember 1775: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the 40th and 41st Paragraphs of the Letter from the Court of Directors of the India Company to the President and Select Committee of Bengal, dated the nth of November 1768: And also,

N° 5. Extracts of the Instructions sent out by the Court of Directors of the East India Company, accompanying the Act of the Twenty-fmh Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, concerning the Criminal Jurisdiction.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered,

o8

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account* pt dented.

Woollens.

n° Martii. . 1788.

that Mr. Burges and Sir William Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vt (Tels cleared Outbids, and Goo's entered for £\po ta-tiun to Ainca.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity and Value of Woollens exported from Scotland, from the 5th of January 1787 to the 5th of January 1788: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, cleared Outwards, from the different Ports of Scotland for the Coast of Africa; diltin-guishing each Port, for the Years 1772, 1773, 1774, 1775, and 1776: And also,

An Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the Coast of from the several Ports of Scotland, for the Years 1772, 1773, 1774, 1775, and 1776; distinguishing each Port, and also distinguishing what Proportion of Goods so exported were British, Foreign, or purchased from the East India Company: And also.

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, cleared Outwards, from the different Ports of Scotland for the Coast of Africa; distinguishing each Port, for the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787: And also,

An Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the Coast of Africa from the several Ports of Scotland, for the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787; distinguishing each Port, and also distinguishing what Proportion of the said Goods

presented.

Mr; Ladbroke presented to the House, according to SadlmWeiii Order, 4 Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Lic'nle Mi Patent for the licensing of the Performance of certain public Entertainments therein mentioned, to be exhibited at the Place called Sadlers Wells, in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenavell, in the County of sex, in such Manner as is therein expressed: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday the 4th Day of April next;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words <c Friday the 4th " Day of April," and inserting the Word " "

instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Friday the 4th Day of April" stand Parc of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

, c . v f The Lord Mait7

Tellers for the Yeas,-} c. ,’ S-48.

*1 Sir It iluCunynghame: \ n

Mr. Ladbroke,

-I

39-

Tellers for the Noes,} c. Tj , A , f , -

Sir Herbert Mackworth

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday the 4th Day of April next.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or

so exported were British, Foreign, or purchased from Lordships of Billirgton and Wilpshire> otherwise fVilp

BilUngtor. and Wilplhuc Inclosure Kill committed.

the East India Company.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read. Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Shire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn, and Honor of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn, and County Palatine of Lancaster,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blackburne, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker’s Chamber.

In-lli Director* Memorial for License to recruit the Company’s Kegimenti; and the An-I'wer thereto, pmented.

East India IS per* to be pi luted.

Debtors and Cicd tors Bill ordered.

Mr. Fawn field presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

N° 1. Copy of the Memorial and Petition of the Court of Directors of the East India Company to His Majesty: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Right honourable Lord Sydney to the Chairman and Deputy Chairman of the East India Company, dated 30th October 1787; inclosing,

N'° 3. Copy of the License to th India Company to inlist a Number of Recruits, not exceeding 2,500 Men, for Five Years, and to deposit and keep them in the Ife of Wight, until they can be sent to India.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Papers, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be fufticienc for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, io far as relates to imprisoned Debtors: And

Mr. Philipps reported from the Committee, to Carmintet whom the Petition of the Justices of the Peace, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of pond. Carmarthen, and the Mayor, Recorder, Justices of the Peace, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the County of the Borough of Carmarthen, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the County Gaol of Carmarthen is greatly out of Repair, ill supplied with Water, and very deficient and circumscribed as to Situation, Size, Extent, and Conveniences; and also, that the Borough Gaol has no Outlet or Airing Ground, and is totally destitute of Water and other Conveniences, which cannot be added thereto, owing to its present confined and limited Situation, which renders the said Gaol very unfit to answer the Purposes of a Common Gaol; and it is therefore necessary that the same should be pulled down and removed from its present Situation — That there is no House of Correction within the Borough or County of the Borough of Carmarthen, and that it is highly expedient that the County Gaol should be repaired and enlarged, and a sufficient House of Correction builc adjoining thereto to serve as one Common Gaol and 8 House

Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor presented.

Establishment of the % Regiments ns embarked for India in 1783 — and Returns, See. of the 4. Regiments deitined for India, presented.

28 Geo. III. ii° Mattiu 309

House of Correction; or if it should be found more N° 9. A Paper, intituled, " Proportion Of Men to beneficial that both the said Gaols Should be t^ken " be raised by Officers, for higher Rank or for Full down and removed, and that a total new Gaol and a rt Pay."

new House of Correction Should be erected at thejoint Expence of the Inhabitants of the said County and Borough, in some other Situation more eligible and proper, and where a constant Supply of Water may be had, and Space enough for Airing Grounds and other Purposes, the same would be attended with much less Expence than the building of Two separate Gaols — That there is not at present any proper Place for the safe Custody of the Records of the said County and Borough, and it is extremely necessary and essential to the Interest of the Inhabitants of the said County and Borough that convenient Offices Should be built for that Purpose — And in order to effect these several Objects it will be necessary to purchase Houses, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and to provide some general Fund to defray the Expences of such Purchases; but as the said County of Carmarthen and the County of the Borough of Carmarthen arc both Counties of themselves, totally distinct and separate in their Jurisdictions, the above useful Works cannot be carried into Execution without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and removing the Gaols of the County of Carmarthen, and the County of the Borough of

Carmarthen; and for erecting a new Gaol and House of Correction, to serve the joint Purposes of the said County and County Borough of Carmarthen as one Common Gaol and House of Correction for both Jurisdictions; and also, for building a County Office or Offices, wherein the Records of the same County and County Borough may be kept, and for other Purposes therein expressed: And. that Mr. Philipps and Sir William Manfel do prepare^ and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of Great Britain called England: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of the Establishment of the 36th and 52d Regiments of Foot, as embarked for The East Indies, the -ioth and nth March 1783: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Secretary at War to the Colonels of Regiments serving in India, dated 3d August 1787: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the proposed Establishment of the Regiments of Infantry serving in India, from 25th cember 1787: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the Weekly State of His Majesty’s 74th Regiment of Foot, commanded by Major General Sir Archibald Campbell, K. B. Chatham Barracks, 5th March 1788: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Weekly State of His Majesty’s 75th Regiment of Foot, commanded by Robert Abercrombie, Esquire, Colonel, Hil/ea Barracks, 3d March 1788: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the Weekly State of His Majesty’s 76th Regiment of Foot, commanded by Colonel Thomas Musgrave, Chatham Barracks, 5th March 1788:

And also,

N° 7. Copy of the Weekly State of His Majesty’s 77th Regiment of Foot, commanded by Colonel James Marsh, Dover Castle, nth March 1788: And also,

N° 8. Copy of a Letter of Service, for raising the Four Regiments under Sir Archibald Campbell, and Colonels Abercrombie, Musgrave, and Marsh: And also,

Vol. XUII.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was. read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- 6uPP13r* red to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as follows eth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Additional That an additional Number of Land Forces, amount- Landt'otc*, ing to Seven hundred and Fifteen effective Men, Commission and Non-commissioned Officers included, be employed for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Chargeof That a Sum not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand Horse jnJ Four hundred and Ninety Pounds and One Shilling, be Guard*!" granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two- Troops of Horse Guards, and Two Troops of Grenadier Guards, from the 25th Day of December 1787 to the 24th Day of June 1788, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Charge of That a Sum, not exceeding Nineteen thousand Two Life Guard*' hundred Ninety-four Pounds Eleven Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Two Regiments of Life Guards, from the 25th Day of June 1788 to the 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Compennuion That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Seven JJo^OujirJ* hundred Sixty-eight Pounds Twelve Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Compensation to be made to the several reduced Officers of the Four Troops of Horse Guards and Horse Grenadier Guards, from the 25th Day of June 1788 to the 24th Day of December following, both Days inclusive, being 183 Days.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Comrmttee, D° to PK-.-atcj! That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-eight thousand qu J‘c Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of re-paying to the Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards the Sums respectively paid by them on their Admittance into the Troops.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, twinon ruf That Provision be made for the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia for the Year 1788.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co- ErtaMishment* pies of the several Establishments of the First Battalion of Rcsiment* of the 73d (now the 71ft) Regiment of Foot, and of jndiafo i7s3, the Second Battalion of the 4ad (now the 73d) Regi- ordered, ment of Foot; and also, of the 78th (now the 7ad) the 98th,the iooth,the 101ft, and the io2d, Regiments of Foot, serving in TheEajl Indies, in the Year 1783.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur- EfUMiiliment* suant to their Order, of

Copy of the Establishment of the First Battalion of jnj"?nm,7g3> the 73d Regiment of Foot (now the 71st Regiment) prcUnuJ. serving in The East Indies, in the Year 1783: And also.

Copy of the Establishment of the Second Battalion of the 42d, or Royal Highland Regiment of Foot (now

4 K the

Petition from the Inhabitants of Quebec.

310

116 Ma.

A \ 1788.

the 73d Regiment) serving in The East Indies, in the a free Elective House of Assembly: In these Hopes

Year 1783: And also.

Copy of the Edablishment of the 78th Regiment of Root (now the 72d Regiment) serving in The East Indies, in the Year 1783; and of the 98th Regiment of Foot for the same Year: And also>

they presume to fugged, that Clauses of the following Import may be inserted in the Act of Parliament, which Hull be made to confirm a free Conditution to this Country.

id. That the House of Representatives or Assembly Copy of the Edablishment of the 100th Regiment be chosen by the Parishes, Towns, and Didrifts of the of Foot serving in The East Indies, in the Year 1783: Province, to be composed of His Majedv’s old and new

And also, Subjects, in such Manner as to the Wisdom of Parlia-

Copy of the Edablishment of the ioid and ioad ment may seem most proper; that the Aifembly be Regiments of Foot serving in The East Indies,in the Triennial, and the Members elected every Three

Years.

2d. That the Council confid of notlefs than Thirty Members, and, in case of Division on any Measur before them, that no Act dull be passed unless at lead Twelve Members agree to carry the Vote; that the Appointment of the Members may be during their Residence in the Province, and for Life, yet subject to temporary Leave of Absence, as mentioned in the nth Article, and that they serve as Counsellors without Fee or Reward.

3d. That the Criminal Laws of England be continued as at present established by the Quebec Act.

4th. That the ancient Laws and Cudoms of this Country respecting Landed Estates, Marriage Settlements, Inheritances, and Dower, be continued, yet subject to be altered by the Legislature of Quebec-, and that Owners may alienate by Will, as provided by the

Year 1783.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongd the other

' Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the ancient and new Subjects of His Majesty, the Inhabitants of the Province of Quebec, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That, after the Conqued of the Province of Canada by the Arms of Great Britain, the Petitioners, in Compliance with His Majesty’s Proclamation, bearing Date the 7th Day of October 1763, settled and became established in the new-acquired Colony of Quebec, in full Reliance on the Faith of the Crown of Great Britain, as expressed in that Proclamation, for the Enjoyment of those Laws, that Freedom and Security in Canada, Tenth Section of the Quebec Bill, which the Principles of the English Conditution af- "' ~

forded in every Parr of the British Dominions in America-, and that the Petitioners and the Inhabitants of the Province have chearfully, on every Occasion, obeyed the controuling Powers of the Parliament of Great Britain, and with Patience have differed, during a Period of Anarchy and War, rather than wound His Majesty’s Feelings, or embarrass the Parliament with Remondrances and Petitions, at a Time when the Safety of the Nation made sacred every Moment of public Deliberation: The Actions and Conduct of the Petitioners, when truly represented, will bed express the Sincerity of their Loyalty and Attachment to the

Crown and Government of Great Britain; and that.

the Petitioners look with Concern on the Burthen of Great Britain, and with great Pain and Commiseration they fee the Didreffes of His Majesty’s loyal Subjects, who, driven from their Estates, Wealth, and Possessions, are daily taking Shelter in this British Colony, though their unsettled and didressed Situation may, for the present, hinder them from bringing forward their Petitions and their Claims: The House will readily perceive that a Government similar, or superior, to that under which they were born, had lived, and were happy, mud be considered, by those His Majesty’s unfortunate Subjects, as an affectionate Proof of His Majesty’s Paternal Care, and of the Parliament’s Regard for them, and as the fird Comfort which, in Relief to their Didreffes, can now be granted to them; and the more so, as it will be a Blelfing not merely granted to them, but extended to their Children and Poderity; and that the Petitioners, fully persuaded that the Welfare and Happiness of all His Majesty’s Subjects are peculiarly Objects of the serious and benign Consideration of the Commons of Great Britain, they therefore beg the Attention of the House to this their Petition, and ardently requed that the House will interpose in their Favour for the Repeal of the Quebec Bill, allowing such Privileges as are already granted to the Roman Catholic Religion, as being inadequate to the Government of this extensive Province, the Caule of much Confusion in our Laws, and fraught with Trouble and Uneasiness to His Majesty’s loyal Subjects here, and that the House will be pleased to concur in establishing His Majesty’s affectionate Subjects of this Province in the full Enjoyment of their Civil Rinhts as British Subjects, and in granting the m

5th. That the Commercial Laws of England be declared to be the Laws of this Province, in all Matters of Trade and Commerce, subject to be changed by the Legislature of Quebec, as in the preceding Article.

6th.' That the Habeas Corpus Act, of the Thirty-fird: of Charles the Second, be made Part of the Conditution of this Country.

7th. That optional Juries be granted on all Trials in Courts of Original Jurisdiction, that they be regularly ballotted for, and a Pannel formed as in England, either in the same of an Ordinary or a Special Jury, at the Option of the Party applying for the fame; and that Nine Members out of the Twelve may in Civil Causes be sufficient ttf return Verdicts, subject to be modified by the Legislature of Quebec, as in the 4th Article.

8th. That the Sheriffs be elected by the House of Assembly, and approved and commissioned by the Governor at the Annual Meeting of the Legislature, that they hold their Appointment during the Period elected for, and their good Behaviour, and that they find reasonable Security for a faithful Difpharge of their Duty.

9th. That no Officer of the Civil Government, Judge, or Minider of Justice, be suspended by the Governor, or Commander in Chief for the Time, from the Honours, Duties, Salaries, or Emoluments of his Appointment, but with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty’s Council for the Affairs of the Province, which Suspension shall not continue after the Annual Sitting of the Council, unless it be approved by the fame; the Cause of Complaint, if approved, to be thereafter reported to His Majesty for Hearing, and Judgment thereon.

10th. That no new Office be created by the Governor or Commander in Chief for the Time, but with the Advice and Consent of His Majesty’s said Council, and to be approved at their Annual Meeting, as in the preceding Article.

1 ith. That all Offices of Trud be executed by the Principal in the Appointment, unless by Leave of Absence from the Governor, with Advice and Consent of his Council, which Leave of Absence shall not extend to more than Twelve Months, or be renewed by the Governor, but with the Approbation of the Council at the Annual Session.

12th. That Judges be appointed to preside in the

Courts

l8 Geo. IIL i id — n°311

Courts of the Province to hold their Places during Life, or their good Behaviour, and that they be rewarded with sufficient Salaries, so as to confine them to the Functions of administering Justice; that every Cause of Accusation for a Removal, proceeding from the Governor, shall follow the Rule laid down in the 9th Article; and every Cause of Accusation for a Removal, on the Part of the Public, shall proceed from the House of Assembly, and be heard by the Council, which, if well founded, shall operate a Suspenfioii, and in either same be decided in Appeal and Report to His Majesty.

13th. That Appeals from the Courts of Justide in this Province, to the Crown, be made to a Board of Council, or Court of Appeals, composed of the Right honourable the Lord Chancellor, and the Judges of the Courts of Westminster Hall.

14th. The Petitioners beg Leave to represent to the House, that, from their Proximity to the United States, who from Situation and Climate have many Advantages over them, the internal Regulations for promoting the Trade, Agriculture, and Commerce of this Province, are now become more intricate and difficult, and will require great Care and Attention, on the Part of the Legislature here, to watch over the Interests of this Country, they therefore request that the Assembly may have the Power of laying the Taxes and Duties, necessary for defraying the Expences of the Civil Government of the Province, and for that Purpose, that the Laws now existing, laying Taxes and Duties to be levied in the Province, may be repealed.

Such are the Intreaties and Prayers of the loyal Subjects of this Province, and in full Confidence they trufk that the House will relieve them from the Anarchy and Confusion which at present prevail in the Laws and Courts of Justice of this Province, by which their real Property is rendered insecure. Trade is clogged, and that good Faith which ought and would sublist among the People, and which is the Life and Support of Commerce, is totally destroyed, and be pleased to l'ecure to them a Constitution and Government on l'uch fixed and liberal Principles as may promote the Desire the Inhabitants of this Province have of rendering this mutilated Colony a bright Gem in the Imperial Crown of Great Britain, and that may call on the present Generation for their unceasing Acknowledgments and Gratitude, and upon the future to feel as the present that the Security and Happiness of the People and Province of Quebec depend on an Union with, and Submission to, the Crown and Government of Great Britain.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee on The House resolved itielf into a Committee of the Mutiny BUI. -whole House, upon the Bill for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 6 'teeletook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re-1 - port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morninsc.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

\A

\c

at

\t

is

Mercuriiy 12° Martii; Anno 28° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

YERS,

MR. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Huddersfield

whom the Petition of the Trustees appointed *0*^*utlon by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the rCFOrte ‘

Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for divesting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Rid-" ing of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the te County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a " Bridge over the River Mersey called Enterclough €t Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby,'* was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition} and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it'in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Crofland being examined, said, That several Parts of the said Road have been repaired, but the same still continues to require frequent Alterations j and that the Money taken up at Interest, and charged upon the Tolls directed to be raised by the said Act, cannot be paid off, unless the Term and Powers thereof be continued and enlarged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Eighth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending, the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. John Smyth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Petlti.ni from Milborne Port, in the County of Somerset: And also, OmbrWg*

A Petition of the Gentry, Clergy, Freeholders, and foirt, ««d the others, in the County of Cambridge, whose Names are HTelf,ty °L

rLr u j . , ,r6 Aberdeen, re-

thereunto subscribed: And also, spefting the

A Petition of the Marischal College and University Slave Trade, of Aberdeen-,

Were severally presented to the House, and read}

Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Confederation of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Crickitt reported from the Committee, to whom TauntonStrcet the Petition of Sir Benjamin Hammet was referred; Frtl!ltcjn That the Committee had examined the Matter of the porM said Petition -, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

q John

Liverpool Watch, See. Bill passed*

Farnngtlc

Inclosure

pulled*

3li

ti° Martii.

i ^88.

'John Squire being examined, said, That the present Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Addiefs for Lane or Way called Magdalen Lane, leading from Fore His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to &c'.'given"*

Street, in the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, in the said Town, is very narrow and inconvenient, and tha^ the laying out and making a proper and commodious Way from Fore Street to the said Church, will be a great Benefit and Convenience to the several Persons resorting thereto, and will open a View to that ancient and celebrated Structure.

Cherokee la* dians.

give Directions, that there be laid before this House, Sir Janies Copies of all Instructions given by any of His Ma- ^"foLand*" jesty’s Ministers to Sir James Wright, Governor, of ceded by the Georgia, relative to the Lands ceded to the Crown by Creek and the Creek and Cherokee Indians, in the Year 1773; together with Copies of all the Correspondence held by any of His Majesty’s Ministers with Sir James Wright, relative to the said Lands.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of

That, in order to lay out and make the said Way, ft will be necessary to take down an ancient ruinous Almlhouse, and also Two Dwelling Houses, now or His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council, late in the Possession of Mary Miles and Lock, and also certain Houses and Buildings offmall Value, and to purchase certain Garden Grounds and Tenements, now or heretofore belonging to John Blewet and others — And that it will also be necessary to have

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

Power to stop up the present Lane leading to the said Act for enabling the Right honourable George Earl

The Lords have agreed t*

Warwick Bridge Bill.

Church, and to build a new Street; which several Improvements will contribute to the Health of the Inhabitants of the said Town. Then Sir Benjamin Hammet informed your Committee, That he is willing to undertake to lay out and make such new Way in a commodious Manner, in case the

Brooke and Earl of Warwick, to build a new Bridge over the River Avon, in the Borough of Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act

Mansfield Road Bill.

Ground of the present Lane or Way leading to the passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present r.-.j /-< l t- n._ Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and wi-

dening the Road from the Mansfield and Chefierfieltl Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple Normanton, Tupton New clofiure, and Birkin Lane, to Buntingfield Nook, in the Parish of Ashover, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin s, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the county of,

through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tanjley, in the County of Derby and

said Church be veiled in him.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, to lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset -, and to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for veiling the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs: And that Mr. kitt, Mr. Alexander Popham, and Mr. Pbelips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrafted Bill for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Places, within the Town of Liver-

AlfretonRoU

Bill.

pool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and from Woolley Moor to the Turnpike Road

Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers^ontained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That the Lord Penrhyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. (

at Kelfiidge, in the said County of Derby , without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy, in the County of Southampton; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Headbourn

Worthylncla-

sure Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- The House being informed that Mr. Accounts of

closing, the Open and Common Fields, Common from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the called in 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, rented!"*' Hamlet of LittleFarringdon, in the Parish of Langford, pursuant to their Order,

in the County of Berks, was read the Third Time. An Account of the Income of, and Charge on, the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 10th be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Day of October 1787: And also’.

Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Com- An Account of the Income of, and Charge on, the mon Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the of January 1788.

County of Berks. And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye do carry the Bill to the And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence. The said Accounts are as followeth;

8

To

o

t*

c

»-H

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the ioth Day of 1787.

INCOME. CHARGE.

Consolidated Excise Duties — 1,607,347 S. d.

D® Customs D° — — 1,256,672 18 31

D® Stamps D® — — 318,571 IO 8

D® Salt D® — — 88,686 *3 H

D® Letter Money — — 59,000 — —

D® T ax on Hawkers Pedlars — and 1,100 _

D® Tax on Hackney Coaches 5>3°° —

Duties on Houses and Windows, A01766 63*457 12 3

Arrears of D® — — 82 — 9i

Tax on Inhabited Houses, 1778 1 15,461 I 1

D® Shops — — 17,882 IO H

D® Horses — — 13,871 5 6\

D® 4- Male Servants, 1785 — 12,383 14 —

r® d® Female Servants, D® — 4,219 *5 8J

D® 4-Wheel Carriages, D® — *8,733 *4 21

D° 2-D®, — D® — 3>l6* 1 9i

D® Waggons, — D° — 1,838 3 6k

D® Carts, — D® — 756 5 8

D® of 1 s. per Lib. on Offices and Pensions — - — 3,393 *7 —

EXCHEQUER.

a 1 . f 90 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exche-

Annuities which I " for 3 Months due Ioth Q[iober r —

fTn yl fths Excise, »ith D- - -

1 on (.£.3,700 per Week Excise, with D® — — —

were charged

Annuities

A" 1706 — — with D®

A’ 1707 — — with D° — — —

ift Act, A? 1708 — — with D® — — —

ad Act, A? 1708 — — with D® — — —

a. and 3 Lives charged on the ^-ths Excise — — —

Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship — — —

S O U T H 's E A COMPANY.

Annuity and Management on £. 24,065,084. -13 1 £ their present Capital, for 3 Months,

due ioth October 1787 - —

Governor and Company of the Bank of , or to their Cashier.

Annuity and Management on £.32,750,000, £.4 Consol. Annuities, for 6 Months,

due ioth October 1787 - —

D° — D° for 30 and 29 Years, by Acts 18 and 19 for D# —

D® — D® for long Terms, consol. by several Acts of Parliament, for D® — D® — D® on £.37,340,073. 16j. 4 £.3 Reduced Annuities, after

abating the Sum of £.47. 5/. from the same, being after the Rate of £.450 per Million for Management on the Principal Sum of £. 210,000, purchased by the Commissioners appointed for paying off the National Debt, for D® — —

Fees at the Treasury, Exchequer, &c. ——

Annuity granted A* 1777, for 10 Years, amounting to the Sum of £.25,000 Ann. which ceased upon the 5th April 1787, and is to be placed to the Account of Commissioners for paying off the National Debt, for D® - — .

BANK OF ENGLAND.

Annuity and Management on £. 3,200,000, at £. 3 per Cent, for 3 Months, due 12th August 1787 Annuity on £^4,000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company, for 3 Months, due ioth October 1787 . - —

D° — £. 500,000, at £. 3 per Cent, for D® ——

D® — £. 1,250,000, at D® — for D® ——

D® — £. 1,750,000, at D® — . for D° — — — — .

D" — £. 986,800, at D® — . for D® — - —

£. s. d.

12,428 15 7f 1,628 18 ~ 1

7>9S7 8

6,181 2 iof

2,038 — 6i *>22 9 13 1

2,649 6 31

2,048 18 — 270 — —

*83*993 *3 Si

662,368 15 — 204,440 1 5}

344,014 12 2

568,455 7 Si i,539 *6 6

12,500 — —

25,000 — —

3°.474 10 io| OO

3,75° ——

9,375 . ——

*3,i25 ——

7>4oi — —

28 Geo. III. 12° Mar Hi.

g

cq"

r — h

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

<d

OC,

FT

Tax of 6(/. Zi£. on all Payments from the Crown, Army and Navy excepted — —

Sheriffs Proffers, — 1760 —

Fines of Leases, — D® — —

Relit of Allum Mines, D® — —

Compositions, — D° — —

Seizures, — D* — —

Imprest Money re-paid by General

ford, Adjutant General to the Army in Georgia and East Florida —

D° Joseph Smith, Esquire, Secretary to

Sir Henry Clinton — —

D® Sir John Dulling, Bart. Governor of

Jamaica — —

D° John Lane, Esquire, Secretary to the Commissioners of Accounts —

D® Elizabeth Campbell, Executrix of

John Campbell,late Agent for

Georgia — —

Arrears of 44th 4J. 1780 —

47th — 17 —

48th — 1784 —

Total of the Receipt of the ConfoO lidated Fund on the 10th Day of Ofltber 1787 — — J

14,000 — — 74 12 4

5,292 ——

480 — . — — 16 8

1,408 7 7

638 17 — . 9 19 4 *>359 *2 24. 24 18 9

3,255 ——

247 19 9f 76 2 8

55 7 4

3,518,842 18 5!

EAST INDIA

COMPANY.

Annuity on £.3,200,000, at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. for 3 Months, due 10th 1787 —

Management on £.3,200,000, for One Year, due D® ___

Annuity on £. 1,000,000, at £.3 per Cent, per Ann. for 3 Months, due D®

Management on £.1,000,000, for One Year, due D° — —

The Judges of England and JVtales, on their several additional Allowances, for 3 Months, due D° Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for Management of the

former Duties on Wine Licences, due D® — __

More to him, as late Messenger in the above Office, for D® —

Ann Cajs, late Office Keeper in the above Office, for D° —

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, for D®

The Sheriffs of the several Counties of England and for defraying their Charges of taking forth their Letters Patent for their respective Offices, and passing their Accounts, for One Year, due D° ——

For the Support of His Majesty’s Houshold for 3 Months, due D®

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucej, on his Annuity of £. 8,000, for D°

More to him — — — on D

His Royal Highness Henry Fred. Duke of ,on D°

The Representatives of Arthur , Esquire . — on D°

The Earl of Chatham — " — - < — on D°

George Lord Rodney — — ' — . on D®

Sir George Augustus Elliot (now Lord Heathfield) — on D® Lewis Lord Sondes, late one of the Auditors of the!mprefl:,on D

£. 9,000, for D° £. 8,000, for D® £. 3,000, for D° £. 4,000, for D® £. 2,000, for D® £. 1,500, for D° £. 7,000, for D° £. 7,000, for D® £- 300,

£ 3°°>

£‘ 3°°>

£ 200,

for D° for D® for D® for D®

Lord Cardiff, D® — — — on D®

Philip Deare, Esquire — — . — on D®

John Wigglesworth, Esquire — — - on D°

John Lloyd, Esquire — — — on D®

Charles Harris, Esquire — — ' — on D°

Sir William Mujgrave, John Thomas Bait, and John T. Martin , Esquires, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on their Annuities of £.1,000 each, for D® — - —

Sir John Dick, Baronet, and William Mollejon, Esquire, D® — on D* £. 500 each, for D® — For Clerks, Contingencies, £dV. in the Office of Public Accounts, for D° — —

Lady Dorchester, Guy Carleton, and Thomas Carleton, Esquires, on £. 1,000 Ann. for D® — The Clerk of the Hanaper in the Court of Chancery — — —

24,000 — —

L28 5 14 4

7,500 — r *-

401 8 K

3,262 to --

3 2 10 —

5 ——

162 10 —

4.000 — — 224,500 — —

2.000 — —

2,250 ——

2.000 —

750 ——

1.000 — — 500 — - —

375 ——

I>75° ——

1,750 ——

75 ——

75 ——

75 ——

50 ——

75° ——

250 — —

1 >500 -

250 — —

3,000 ——

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund, for the Quarter ended xoth Day of October 1787 Surplus of the Consolidated Fund for the same Quarter

AIemJl<m. Out of the above Surplus of — —

There has been issued to the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed for paying off the National Debt, for this Quarter — —

1,132,417

s. *5

d.

4*

2,386,425 3 i{

1,132,417 15 4

£. 3,518,842 18 51

Exchequer, the 12th Day of March 1788.

— 250,000 — —

£. 882,417 15 4i

John Hugh/ott,

n° Mar til i7§§

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the jth of January 1788. INCOME. CHARGE.

00

o

O

Consolidated Excise Duties —

D* Customs D° - — —

D* Stamps D°

Composition by the Bank of,

in lieu of a Stamp Duty on Notes and Bills issued by them — —

Consolidated Salt Duties — —

D° Letter Money —

D* Tax on Hackney Coaches

D° on Hawkers and Pedlars — —

Duty on Houses and Windows, granted A' 1766'' — —

Tax on Inhabited Houses, 1778 —

Tax on Shops __

'fax on Horses — —

Tax on Male Servants, A’ 1785 —

Tax on Female Servants, D° —

Tax on 4-Wheel Carriages, D* —

Tax on 2-Wheel Carriages, D° —

D" —

Tax on Carts — — D° —

Tax on Waggons —

Tax of is.per£. on OfTices and Pen-

fions — - —

£. s. d. 1,429,615 — —

986,920 5 — |

292,077 ——

6,000 — — 101,003 19 ii|

64,000 ——

5,500 ——

600 — —

112,14! I 7r

29,276 — Hi i9>837 i 2| 29,258 9 7*.

22,852 12 5

7,921 18 6

35,849 14 9

9,030 6 9

4,410 9 2|-

2,998 3i

10,693 17 2

EXCHEQUER.

«r f 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exche-

were formerly \quer» for 3Months, due 5th January 1788 — — ‘ —

were formerly < ,ths Excise> wkh D« — . — — —

c arge on (_ 3,700 per Week Excise, with D* ——

Annuities — A° 1706 — — with D° ' — —

1707 — — with D° — — . —

ift Act, 1708 — — with Da ——

2d Act, 1708 — — with D° — — —

Lives, A" 1745, due 5th January 1788 ——

1746, due D° ——

1757, due D° ——

1778, due D° ——

1779, due D° ——

For Two and Three Lives, charged on the ^-ths 9 Excise — —

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Annuity and Management on 24,065,084. 13. uf, their present Capital, for One Quarter, due 5th January 1788 - —

D° — D° — on 1,919,600, for Half a Year, due the same Time, after abating the Sum of £. 31. 16 s.9 d.being after the Rate of 450 per Million on the Principal Sum of 56,600, purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt —

Governor and Company of the Bank of ,or to their Cashier.

Annuity and Management on £.107,399,696. 5. i|. 3 Consol. for 6 Months,

due 5th January 1788, after abating 96. 1. 6 for the Half of £. 192. 3, being after the Rate of £.450 per Million on the Principal Sum of 427,000, purchased by the Commissioners for the Reduction of the National Debt ——

Annuity and Management on £.17,869,993. 9J. 10 after the Rate of 5 per Cent, per Ann.

for 6 Months, due 5 January 1788 ——

D° — D* — on 1,000,000, after the Rate of 3 per Cent, per Annum,- for the

BANK OF ENGLAND.

Annuity and Management on 3,200,000, at £.3 per Cfor 3 Months, due ink November 1787 Annuity on £.4,000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company, for 3 Months, due 5 th 1788

D° — 500,000, at 3 per Cent, for D° ——

D° — 1,250,000, at D* — for D° — — „ — —

D° — 1,750,000, at D° — for D° —

D° — 986,800, at D°. — for Dt — — —

s.

12,428 15 1,628 18

7.957 11

6,181 2

2,038 — 1,229 *3 2,649 6^59 11,233 12,283 12 1,384 16

2,587 9

2,048 18

7s 1-4

.8

io|

61

i4

3t

6

6

6

3i h* —

o

183,993 13 29.317 19

« r*

4 I

1,635,064 6 —

450,770 11 81 15,225 ——

25,000 — — 30,474 10 io£ 3,750 ——

9>375 ——

13,125 ——

7.401 ——

g

cq;

f — h

N‘

0

CL

cr

v<*

(D

o

eg

rT

Tax of 6</. per f.on *11 Payments from the Crown, Army and Navy excepted

Seizures of uncustomed and prohibited Goods — — .

Sheriffs Proffers —

Compositions in the Exchequer —

Imprest Money re-paid by Henry Fox, Esquire, Administrator of Lord Holland-, late Paymaster of the Forces —

D° by Alexander Adair, on Account of the East Devon Militia — —

Money paid by James and John

on Account of the 86th Regiment —

D# by Messrs. Rojs and Collyer, Agents to the First Regiment of Light Dragoons — — -

D® by Messrs. Fitter and Cr oaf dale, late Agents to the 91st Regiment —

D® by Messrs. Ross and Ogilvie, Agents to the late 7 2d Regiment —

D® by Thomas Rajblelgh, for a Fine on . Account of Usury — —

D® by* James Parsons, on Account of iThomas and Benjamin Allen —

Arrears of the 47th 1783

D* — of the 48 th 4J.Aid,y^ 1784

D* — of the 49th 4J. Aid, ^17 8 5

14,100 — —

*>023 11 3r 124 14 _

10.000 — —

548 19 4r

4.000 — —

1,998 12 10

2.000 — ____

4.000 -

277 10 —

400 — —

438 l7 10

*>823 t 2

9>9°7 4

3,220,629 9

EAST I N D T A COMPANY.

Annuity on f. 3,200,000, at 3 per Cent, per Am. for 3 Months, due 5th January 1788 —

D* — on 1,000,000, at 3 per Cent, per Annum, for the same Time — —

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for the same Time Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountanc in the Office for Management of the former Duties on Wine Licences, for 3 Months, due 5th January 1788 — —

More to him, as late Messenger in the above Office, for D® — — _

Ann Cafs, late Office Keeper in the above Office, for D® — — —

The Officers in the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, for D® — —

For the Support of His Majesty’s Houshold, for D® — — —

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Gloucester, on his Annuity of 8,000, for D® —

More to him

His Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland, on D

The Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esquire — on D‘

The Earl of Chatham — — — on D'

George Lord Rodney — — on D°

Sir George Augustus Elliot (now Lord Heathfield) — on D®

LewisL.ordSondes,lateoneof the Auditors of the Imprest, on D°

Lord Cardiff, D# — — _ — on D*

Philip Deare, Esquire — — — onD*

John Wigglesworth, Esquire — — — on D®

John Lloyd, Esquire — — — on D®

Charles Harris, Esquire — — — on D®

Sir William Musgrave, John Thomas Batt, and John Martin Leake, Esquires, Commissioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on their Annuities of £. 1,000 each, for D® — —

Sir John Dick, Baronet, and William Mollefon, Esquire, D® — on D° 500 each, for D* — For Clerks, Contingencies, fsV. in the Office of Public Accounts, for D® — —

Lady Dorchester, Guy Carleton, and Thomas Carleton, Esquires, on £. 1,000 Ann. for D® — Robert Smith, Esquire, Master of the Mint in Scotland . — — —

The Ulher of the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, for Necessaries — —

9.000,

8.000,

3.000, 4,coo,

2.000, 1,500, 7,000, 7,000,

JOO, 300, 300, 200,

for D® for D® for D® for D® for D® for D° for D® for D® for D" for D° for D® for D®

24.000 — 7,500 — 3,262 10

32 10

5 —

S —

162 10 224,500 —

2.000 —

2,25° — ‘

2,000 --

750 -

1,000 — -500 — -

375 -

1.750 -

1.750 -

75 -

75 -

75 -

50 -

750

250

1,500

250

1,200

833

1-4

o\

13 —

Total Charge on the Consolidated Fund on the 5th January 1788 Surplus of the Consolidated Fund on the 5th January 1788

2,750,208 l8 45

\1 0 4* O 12 n

3,220,629 9 n

Memi,m. Out of the above Surplus of — — —

There has been issued to the Bank of England, to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed for paying off the National Debt, for this Quarter — —

f. s. 470,420 12

d.

8v

— 250,000 — —

220,420 12 Si

Exchequer, the tath Day of Mar eh 1788,

<1

OO

OO

John Ilugh/en.

i 2° Ma.

28 Geo. III.

12° Martii.

3*7

WalfaJl Roads Bill reported.

Bill respecting Insurances on Ships and Goods, ordered.

Petition against Kirk-bymoorfide Inclosure Bill.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The Earl Gower reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Walsall to Hamfield Bridge, and the Road lead-

ing from the said Town to a Common called Sutton

Coldfield, and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park , which divides the Parishes of Waljall and all in

the County of Stafford, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House was moved. That an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effefts;" might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Act, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purpose in lieu thereof: And that Mr. Alderman Newnbam and Mr. Alderman do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of William Comber, Vicar of the Parish of Kirkbymoorfide, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner is entitled to, and has enjoyed, for Thirty-two Years and upwards, all Vicarial or Small Tythes arising within the said Parish (subject to some Modules and Exemptions) and to Easter Dues and Surplice Fees, and is also seised of Two ancient Meffua-ges or Cottages, and certain inclosed and uninclosed Glebe Lands within the said Parish; and that the Petitioner has seen a Bill, now depending in the House, for inclosing the Arable Fields, Commons, and Waste Lands, within certain Townships which make Parts of the said Parish, and if the same should pass into a Law, as it now‘Hands, the Vicarial Tythes of the said Parish will be greatly lelfened; and that the Tythes arising from Lambs and Wool, ’Which may be estimated at full Five-sixth Parts of the whole Vicarial Tythes, will, upon the said Commons and Waste Lands being inclosed, be nearly annihilated, and the Tythes thereof become Rectorial, which belong to the Lord of the Manor, as Impropriator; and that the Petitioner’s Lands, in the Fields to be inclosed, confilt of Fifty-leven Acres of Glebe, dif-perfect in Sixty-seven distinct Parcels; that he ap-

Elied for Liberty to name a Commissioner, but that eing denied him, he is apprehensive his Allotments may be laid disadvantageously for him, at the Distance even of Four or Five Miles asunder; and, he pre-fumes, his Suspicion is not ill-founded, because the Two Commissioners, included in the Bill are named. One by the Lord of the Manor, who is also Owner of Nine-tenths of the Land in the whole Parish, and the other by his Tenants, or some of them; and that the Petitioner begs Leave to submit to the Consideration of the House, whether his Rights should not be set forth in the Bill, and whether he ought not to have a Vot. XLIII,

Compensation in Land for his Tythes, at the present Value, together with a reasonable Improvement, and whether such Compensation should not extend to the Tythes of the whole Parish, as, otherwise, whether the extensive Property of the principal Land Owner will not put it in the Power of his Tenants to evade the Tythes arising in the uninclosed Lands; and that, the Petitioner apprehends, several other Regulations are necessary to be inserted in the Bill to prevent the said Vicarage being injured; And therefore praying,

That he may be heard, by himself, his Agents, or Counsel, upon his Petition, and that the Bill may not pass in its present Form, or that he may have such other Relief in the Premises, as the House shall deem proper.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Kirkbymoorfide, Fadmoor, and moor, in the Parish of Kirkbymoorfide, in the North Riding of the County of York, is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard by himself, his Agents, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, again!! the said Petition-

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Mutiny Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reH°rted‘ punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill, as far as the Amendment in Fo. 45. 1. 7. being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The Amendment in Fo. 45. 1. 7. which was, after " Artillery’’ to insert " or the Officers serving in the " Corps of Royal Engineers, or the Officers and Persons serving in the Corps of Royal Military Artificers and Labourers, or the Mailer Gunners, and " Gunners under the Ordnance," being read a Second Time;

And the Question being put. That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, LuHr'S:

Tellers for the Noes, j Jjfc

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, pre-feribing the Form of Conviction of Persons liable to pecuniary Penalties.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4 M Ordered,

67.

Report on Bill

to remove Doubts respecting Troops Tent to the East Indies further considered.

Supply deferred*

"Ways and Means deferred.

Marcbw’c) Road Kill f refected*

318 12° — 13'

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in Tbs East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly}

Ordered, That the said Report be now taken into further Consideration.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill in Fo. 5. 1. 4. by inserting, after the Wo/ds impowered to," the Words " exercise all and singular the Powers and Authorities, touching the Civil " or Military Government or Revenues of the said " Possessions, which at the Time of passing the said " Act were veiled in, or lawfully exercised by, the said " Directors, together with such further Powers as are " by the said Act conferred on the said Board of Com-<{ missioners."

And the Question being put. That those Words be there inserted;

It paired in the Negative.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Mr' flf'i: } 2,°'

Tellers for the Noes, J e Lord Mmtlmi,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved., That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve,itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further1 of the Supply granted to

His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till after Twelve of the Clock on Thursday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, Eleven of the Clock.

Jovisy 130 dMartii 5

MarHi. . 1788.

the County of Flint,to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in DoJington, in the Parish of church, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of , and from

Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North , in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners for Drainage, by the Black Sluice, in the County of appointed under

or by virtue of an Act of Parliament, passed in the Fifth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, *f An Act for draining and improving certain Low Marsh and Fen Lands, lying between Boston Haven " and Bourne, in the Parts of Kefteven and Holland, in the County of Lincoln " or by virtue of an Act, passed in the Tenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for amending and rendering more effectual the above-mentioned Act, and also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds draining by the said Black Sluice, on Behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Owners and Proprietors of Estates draining the reby; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Commissioners of the Second District for Drainage by the River in the County of Lincoln, appointed under or by virtue of a certain Act of Parliament, palfed in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An <c Act for draining and preserving certain Low Lands, ,c called The Fens, lying on both Sides of the River

Witham, in the County of Lincoln, and for restoring <( and maintaining the Navigation of the said River " from the High Bridge, in the City of Lincoln, through " the Borough of Boston to the Sea," several of whom are also Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Grounds in the said District, on Behalf of themselves, and the other Owners and Proprietors of Estates within the same District, were severally referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 41 Acres and One Rood, Part of the Lands intended to be drained, the Title to which Lands is at present in Dispute; and that the Whole of the Lands intended -to be drained consists of 1,964 Acres, 2 Roods, and 37 Perches, or thereabouts); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Anno a8* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

MR. Parry presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marcbwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Wcrtbenbury, and Hanmer, in

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of so far as

relates to the Road leading from Glasgow to Dumbarton, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering

and

North Kyme Drainage Bill reported.

Glasgow and Dumbarton Road Bill passed.

L.OOQ

Flint Canal Bill presented*

Fladbury In* cJofure Bill paAcd.

Scole Bridge Road Bill reported.

Petition t from Cirencester and Kendal vespecting tht tlart Trade.

Debton and Creditors Bill presented.

18 Geo. III.

13" MartiL

and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of , so far as relates

to that Part of the Road from the City of to

the Town of Dumbarton, which leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton.

Ordered, That Mr. Elphinjlcne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Jackson presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ventre Rock, near the Town of Flint, to Greenfield, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in and and

Moor, in the Parish of Fladbury, in the County of Wor-tejier, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41. 1. 21. To leave out from K Inclosures" to the First " or," in 1. 25.

1.31. To leave out " to be indorsed " thereon."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in Fladbury, in the County of Wiorcester.

Ordered, That Mr. Lygon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir John Rous reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the said Act, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to ttie House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough 6f Cirencester: And also,

A Petition of the Manufacturers, Traders, and Inhabitants of Kendal, in Westmore;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Mr. Burges presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Mr. Rolle presented to the House, according to Bill for the Order, a Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Poor: And the same was received; and read the First pCOI'j>ren.iue<l. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Committee on the Fifth Day of this Instant March, for the House to Reportrefpt-d-resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House J^0'n Tomorrow, to considerof the Report which waspnade Wool.&c.&c. from the Committee, who were appointed to consider deftrit<1, the several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells,

Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels,

Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mat-traffes or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe CJay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and also to consider an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the winding of Wool; and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Turner, from the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Number of Ships and other Ae«o«ntof Vessels cleared Outwards from the different Ports of omwaHs'/tor South Britain for The West Indies; and the Number of the Wdi indict Ships and other Vessels, with their Tonnage, entered Inwards from the same Colonies, from Christmas 1786 tented, to Christmas 1787.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lords Mr. Leeds: have agreed t*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intityled, An Wimbomc Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Blandjord Forum, in the County of Dorset; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Goidandsi!v« An Act to amend and render more effectual an LaceBiU. Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act " to prevent the counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for settling and adjusting the Propor- tiens of fine Silver and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread j" without any Amendment: Ayd also,

6 The

1C

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Bill.8* ° An Act for enlarging and altering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to Yin the said County, and from thence to Stockton, in the County of Durham, and from thence through in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road j without any Amendment: And also,

Windon in- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An cloture Bill. for dividing and inclosing the several Open Ara-

ble Fields, Meadows, Heath, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of otherwise Wavendon, in the County of Bucks; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lord* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act *vePie to enable Elijha Bifcoe, F.squire, to grant Building Bu'0*' Eftat* ^eases of Part of the Estates devised by -the Will of his late Father, Elijha Bifcoe, Esquire, deceased; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House bring informed that Mr. Franklin, from the Commissioners of the Custcflns, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Fftimateof An Estimate of the gross Receipt, Payments, and Grefs Receipt, Net Produce of the Revenue of Customs in England, toms!pre-1" for Two Years, to jth January 1788, and the Pay-ferted. ments into the Exchequer.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to beperufed by the Members of the House.

The laid Estimate is preferred amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Account, &c. The House being informed that Mr. Shoolbred, Coin'an*0 -e* ^rom the Committee of the Company of Merchants fenud! y P trading to Africa, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1786 — The Account of " the Committee of the Company of Merchants trading to Africa; distinguishing every Article of " Expence under its proper Title And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Anno 1786 — Orders and Rc- gulations."

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Blidworth snd Lord George Cavendish reported from the Commit-Bi'lTrcponed?* tee> 10 w^om the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to The Mile Oak, in the Pa« rish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the , Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read

throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingroftTed.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Free- holders of the County of tVarwick, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Bill, others, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to continue the Term and alter the Powers of an Act, made in the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from The Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester,to the Wootton Turnpike in the great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County'; and Setting forth, That by a Clause in the said Bill certain additional Tolls are proposed to be demanded for all Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, pasting upon the said Road,over and above the present Tolls now payable by virtue of the said former Act, which additional Tolls will be a very heavy Burthen upon the Petitioners, and upon all Persons travelling the said Road: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Coun-fel, against fuels Parts of the Bill as lay any additional Toll upon Horses, Cattle, and Carriages, passing along the said Road, and have such Relief as the House shall think just and reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir James Johnflone presented to the House, ac- Scotch Elec, cording to Order, a Bill for further regulating the t,0"* Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that preent Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Mutiny Bill poled, That the ingrossed Bill for punishing Mutiny P*fft<1, and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters, be now read the Third Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " Tomorrow " Morning."

And the Question being put, That the Word f{ now " Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 74. 1. 1. by leaving out the Words or " the Officers and Persons serving in the Corps of " Royal Military Artificers and Labourers."

And the Question being proposed. That those Words stand Part of the Bill;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion

i^-

Afcfwer to Addrtfr.

Motion for m Bill to itpea! tht Shop Tax A£t$.

South Shields Water Bill pieienttd*

Geo. III.

136 — 140 Martii.

lit

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed. That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And the said Motion for adjourning the Debate was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mers<or,h=T£as^;:«War, Ji4i

r Mr. Alderman 1

s, 1 ha 1 70; i Mr. i J

Tellers for the Noes,

Mr. Alderman ham,

Mr. Jolliffe:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

Ordered, That Mr. Secretary at War do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Earl of Courtown reported to the House, That their Address of Yesterday (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the several Papers therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties on Shops within Great ,"

might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also 'moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend u an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, t( An Act for granting to His Majesty certain Duties " on Shops within Great Britain; for repealing fe-ct veral of the Duties granted by the said Act, and *f for granting other Duties in lieu thereof," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing the said Acts;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Mr. Alderman Saw-" bridge,

Mr. Alderman bam:

Tellers for the Yeas

th.

r

Tellers for the Noes,twr* I"1!0' G'"eral-

( Mr. Roje t So it passed in the Negative.

98.

141*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 14.0 Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii III111 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Shipping resorting to the said Town: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill for more effectually draining North Kym* and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds Dr*i"»6eBlU in the Manor or Township of North in the *

County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Choroid do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold reported from StrettonTn-the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and Jlo,ur1^111 inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at about £. 10. 18 s.per Annum, who did not choose to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to it; and also, except the Proprietors of Lands assessed as aforesaid at about A* 2. 6 s. per Annum, who could not be met with, or were not applied to; and also, except One other Proprietor of Lands, assessed as aforesaid at about 2 s. per Annum, not capable of transacting Business by Reason of a Stroke of the Pally; and that the whole Property of Common upon the Lands intended to be inclosed is assessed to the Land Tax at about f. 147. 15/. 6 d. per Annum)and that the

Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House-} and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, directing Compensation to be made to the Vicar for Tythes.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingcoffed.

A Petition of the principal Inhabitants of the Town Petitions from and Parish of Bromsgrove, in the County of Worcester; fnR^hmond And also, respecting the

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common SUv* Trade. Council of the Borough of Richmond;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

SIR John Eden presented to the House, according Sir John Eh or old reported from the Committee, to Swabyinfl to Order, a Bill for supplying with Water the whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Com-Vol. XLIII. 4 N monable

146 Mart ii.

A. 1788.

monable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the A Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Townships or Parishes of Swaby and Belleau, in the d in the County of Aand for enlarging County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Com- the Church Yard of the said Parish, was read a Second mittee had examined, and found that the Standing Time.

1 hat the Bill be committed to Mr.

M, Sir &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, 'in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Padding toll Ciuuch Bill committed.

Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late several Amendments thereunto, which they haddirested Hugh Lord Viscount situate in the Bo-

him to report to the House; and he read the Report rough of , and Parish of Cuby, in the County

in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with of , in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to

Sir Francis Baronet, and for other Purposes

therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

That the Bill be committed to the Lord Mr. Lygon, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Lord Falmouth's Ef* tate Bill committed*

the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Netlierlnven inclosure Bill repoited.

Member ad*

ded to bring

Ordered, That Mr. Call be added to the Gentlemen

Mr. Tmrnlduk, reported from the Committee, to who *.re aPP?l"d " PreP?re* and br.'m« in> »«" for tt3£j£l ___«;n repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road Flint Road from the Township of , in the Parish of

den, in the County of to the Town of Flint,

in the County of Flint.

whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of other-

wife Netberavon, in the County of Wilts, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Proprietor of Land rated at £. 10 a Year, who refused to sign the Bill, but declared that he had no Objection thereto; and that the Whole of the Lands intended to be divided and inclosed, as surveyed to the Poors Rate, is of the Yearly Value of £. 1,210; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Bill.

Saltney and Flint Road Bill presented.

Mr. Call presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of , in

the Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Chester, to the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Blfcoe’s Eftat* Act to enable Elijha Bi/coe, Esquire, to grant Building 8,11 read* Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of his late Father Elijha Bi/coe, Esquire, deceased, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Huddersfield Road Bill presented.

Yafforth Tn-clolure Bill presented.

ingrossed.

Mr. Luncoml/e presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York,to Woodbead,- in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mer/ey ,called Entcrclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Buncombe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of Yafforth, Yhr untoft. Little Langton, and Ban by upon

H ijk,some or One of them, in the North Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing DanielGod/rey Hintze, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph Mawbey, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Mafier reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol,under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, certain Acts of Parliament, passed in the Eleventh and Twelfth Years of the Reign of King William the Third, the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, were read: Whereby it appears, that the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the said City respectively, are invested with Power and Authority to punish Nuisances and Annoyances of several Sorts and Descriptions, committed in the Rivers Avon, and Severn,

and the Creeks or Havens of the find Rivers Avon and Froorne, within certain Boundaries and Limits therein mentioned, and upon the Banks thereof, and upon the Wharfs, Backs, Quays, Streets, and public Places within

Hintzc’s Nat. Bill committed*

Bristol Police Petition reported.

28 Geo. III. 140 Martii. 323

within the said City, and from Time to Time to make Rules, Orders, and Constitutions, and appoint Officers, for the Preservation of the said Rivers, and Regulation and Government of all Pilots and Matters of Ships and other Vessels navigating to and from the said City, and of all Ships and Vessels lying within the said Rivers Avon and Froome, and the said Creeks and Harbours, and also to erect Markets, to appoint Officers, and to make Rules, Orders, and Constitutions for the Regulation and Government of all and every the Markets held and to be held within the said City, and likewise to make Rules and Orders for governing and regulating the Owners and Drivers of Hackney Coaches, Halliers, Scavengers, and other Persons using Carriages within the said City; and that in the said Acts there are Clauses and Provisions to prevent Damages and Prejudice to the said Rivers, and for preventing and removing Nuisances on the Banks of the said Rivers, and for preventing Annoyances and Obstructions, of several Descriptions, in the Streets of the said City, and to punish divers Offences within the said City, and likewise for preventing the Carriage of excessive Weights, for regulating Wheel Carriages, and limiting the Number of Horses drawing the fame, upon the Streets and other public Ways of the said City; and that in the said Acts there are likewise Provisions for preventing bodily Injury to Passengers in the Streets, and other public Places, by the falling of old and ruinous Houses and Buildings, and for regulating the building, re-building, new fronting, and repairing of Houses and other Buildings within the said City; and that by the said Act of the Sixth Year of His present Majesty, the Petitioners or their Assigns are authorized to widen, enlarge, and render more convenient several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and PI aces, and also to design, make, open, and lay out several new Streets, Lanes, and Passages therein particularly mentioned. Then

John Lewis, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Corporation of the said City have, in pursuance of the said last mentioned Act, widened and enlarged several of such Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, and have likewise opened and laid out several of such new Streets, and that several of such Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places still remain to be executed — That the Powers and Provisions of the said Acts are in many Respects very defective, and do not answer the Piyposes for which they were intended, and that further and other Powers are necessary for accomplishing those Purposes, and for extending the fame. — And being further examined, he said, That it would be a great Convenience, if Powers were given to the said Corporation to widen, enlarge, and render more commodious any of the Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages of the said City, and near thereto, and also to make and open new Streets, and for those Purposes to purchase and take down such Houses and Buildings as Ifiall be necessary, and likewise to order Steps, Bulks, Bow Windows, and other Projections and Encroachments, from Houses and Buildings, upon or hanging over any of the said Streets or public Places, to be removed, and to remove and prevent other Nuisances, Obstructions, and Annoyances, and otherwise to regulate the Squares, Streets, Lanes, and public Passages and Places within the said City. — And the Witness further said, That it would likewise be of great Convenience, if Bodies Corporate, and all Persons under any legal Incapacity, were authorized to transfer in Fee any of their Houses, Buildings, or Lands, to the Corporation, for any public Purpose of the said City.

And being further examined, he said, That it would be very beneficial* to the Public, if the Sale and Delivery of Hay, Straw, Coal, Raw Hides, and Skins, within the said City, were laid under certain Regulations, and if proper Provisions were made for inspect-

ing and trying of Weights and Measures, and also if the Laws now in being, respecting the Owners and Drivers of Hackney Coaches, Halliers, and other Persons driving or using Carriages within the said City, were extended to certain Distances from the said City, and to Chairmen and Porters, and for ascertaining their Rates and Fares, and also for regulating the Number of Coaches and Chairs, and the Drivers and Carriers thereof, and the Stands and Fares of such Coaches and Chairs, plying for Hire, within the said City, and certain Distances therefrom; and that it would contribute to the Safety of Persons passing along the Streets of the said City, if Trucks were prevented from passing and re-passing on the Footways in the said City. — And the Witness further said, That it would be of gfeat public Convenience and Utility, if the Fees of Officers appointed for the Regulation and Government of the Quays, and of the Vessels lying in the Port of the said City, and for the Preservation of the said Rivers, and for the Regulation and Government of the said Markets respectively, and also the Rates for Pilots, were settled and ascertained, and also if other Powers were given for the complete Management and Regulation of the said Rivers and Port, and of all Ships, Lighters, Boats, and Vessels resorting to and abiding and being within the same, and for the Preservation of the Fish within the River Severn.

And the Witness further said, That the Parish Church of Saint Eweriy otherwise Saint Owen, is situate in a Street called Broad Street, within the said City, and that the public Way or Passage there is very narrow, dangerous, and inconvenient, and that for widening and rendering more commodious the said Way or Passage, and for enlarging the Justice Hall or Council House of the said City, it is necessary that the said Parish Church, with its Appurtenances, and several Houses and Buildings contiguous and near thereto, Should be taken down and removed; arrd that the Rectory belonging to the said Church became void by the Death of the last Incumbent, an*i is, with all its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, as well by virtue of the Power Ordinary and Episcopal, as of an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventeenth Year of King Charles the Second, for uniting Churches in Cities and Towns Corporate, ordered, decreed, and declared to be united and consolidated to and in the Parish of Christ Church, otherwise Holy Trinity, within the said City of Bristol, to all Effects in Law whatsoever, and that the same Should be held, and in all future Times presented to, held and enjoyed, as one Rectory and Ecclesiastical Benefice, and that Divine Service Should in future be had and celebrated in the said Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise Holy Trinity, only, and that the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the said Parish of Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint Oweriy Should have free Liberty to relort to and have the free Use of the Parish Church of Christ Church, otherwise Holy Trinity, aforesaid, at the Times of Divine Service therein, and that the said Church of Christ Church, otherwise Holy Trinity, Should be the foie Parish Church of both the said Parishes. — And the Witness further added, That, for the Purpose of enlarging the Guildhall of the said City, and erecting and providing public Offices and other Requisites adjoining thereto, it will be necessary that Power should be given to the said Corporation to take down certain Houses and Buildings in the said Street called Broad Street, near the said Guildhall.

And being further examined, he said. That in order to prevent the Trouble, Expence, and Delay of raising a Fund for a County Srock within the said City, as directed by the Acts of Parliament now in Force, it will be proper that the Justices of the Peace in Sessions Should be impowered to add to the Money Annually certified to them by virtue of the Laws now in being, to be necessary for the Care and Maintenance of the

Poor

324

140 Martiu

A. 1788.

Bill for removing Nui-fancts, and regulating Hackney Coaches, &c. in Biiltol, ordered.

Poor of the said City, a sufficient Sum of Money, for rtiittce, That they had come to a Resolution, which the Purpose of a County Stock, to be assessed and col- they had directed him to report, when the House will levied Annually with the Poors Rate, and applied and please to receive the same.

accounted for Annually by the Chamberlain of the , That the Report be received upon Monday

said City, as Treasurer of such County Stock. — And Morning next.

the Witness added. That several other Regulations The Marquis of also acquainted the House,

and Alterations of the Laws in being, are necessary That hewas directed by the Committee to move, that for more perfectly managing and enforcing the Police they may have Leave to fit again, of the said City. That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nui- House, to consider further of Ways and Means for

fances, and Annoyances, and for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, Hallieys, and Porters, and the Sale of Raw Hides and Skins, within the City of and

Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade to and from and within, and the Backs or Quays of, the same City and Liberties: And

raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising Hwferef«lw» of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. Bill to mmm

that Mr. Master, Mr. Brickdale, and Captain Berkeley, That the ingrossed Bill for removing any Doubt re- Pbts

Bill ftr widening and making Streets, See. in Bristol, ordered.

Bill for regulating Buildings and Party Walls m Bril-tol, ordered.

Account of Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar, ordered.

do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for widening and rendering commodious certain Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for opening and making new Streets and Passages there j and also for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City5 and for taking down the Church of Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint , and certain Houses and Buildings within the said City: And that Mr. Master, Mr. Brickdale, and Captain , do pre-

pare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof: And that Mr. Master, Mr. Brickdale, and Captain do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending at Christmas 1787, with the Duties and Excise, as well as the Drawbacks paid thereon.

spefting the Power of the Commissioners for the Af- Troop, lent fairs of India, to direct that the'Expence of raising, totbeEai transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in The East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions, be now read the Third Time;

The House divided. 1 The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

127.

73-

Sir Tho. Hammer's Petition against Flint Canal Bill.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Hanmer, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Pentre Rock, near the Town of Flint, to field, in the County of filint; and Setting forth, That several Parts of the said Bill, and the Clauses and Provisions therein, entrench upon the Petitioner’s Property, and would, if passed into a Law. as it now (lands, be highly detrimental to the Petitioner,

r Mr. Neville,

I Mr. Macnamara:

Tellers for the Noes, Lord

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring, That this Act, and the Act of the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, shall continue in Force no longer than during the Continuance of the present Charter of the East India Company.

And the Question being put. That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, in Pr. 3. 1. 5. by leaving out the Words " and " declared."

put,

That those Words

Committee of Ways and Means.

And the Question being Hand Part of the Bill,

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, and injurious to his Property: And therefore praying, to direct that the Expence of raising, transporting, and That he may be heard, by himself, his Agent or maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as tend to for the Security of the British Territories and Posses-injure his Property; and that he may have such Pro- fions in The East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the visions made in the said Bill, and such Relief given Revenues arising from the said Territories and Pof-

sessions, and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

him, as the Justice of his same may appear to require.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

the

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majdtv, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Marquis of Graham reported from the Com-

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lun<e,

Supply del cri ed.

Netherhaven Jncioiurc Bill passed.

Scole Bridge Road Bill passed.

Swaby and Belleau Inclosure Bill passed.

Readers Eft ate Bill reported, and passed.

a 8 Geo. III. 170

Lutue, 170 die Martii;

Anno a8* Georgii III'U Regis, *788;

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Netherbaven, otherwise Nether, in the County of

Wilts, was read the Third Time.

Rejoined, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and "Waste Lands, within the Parish of , other-

wife Netberavon, in the County of Wilts.

Ordered, That Mr Penruddockedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the said Act, ^as read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmund's, in the County of , and for amending the said Act.

Ordered, That Sir John Rous do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Parishes of and Belleau, in

the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Parishes of Swaby and Belleau, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Real Estate of ’Thomas Reade, Esquire, and Elizabeth Reade, his Daughter, situate in Sbirburn, Brittwell, Sallome, Lewknor, Stokenchurch, and Kingston Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and his Heirs j and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in Lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, in Manner therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rejohed, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Vol. XI, III.

<5

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Godfrey Hintze, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be truej and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table;

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Maivbey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amend-ttnent.

A Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty of the City of Bristol, under their Common Seal, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have already petitioned the House for a Bill (amongst other Things) to give Power to enlarge the Guildhall of the said City, and provide public Offices, and other Requisites, adjoining thereto, by taking down Houses and Buildings in Broad Street, near the said Guildhall; but the Petitioners now find that, for the said Purposes, it will be also necessary to take down some Houses and Buildings in Small Street, behind the said Guildhall: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for taking down the said last mentioned Houses and Buildings.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Mafier, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Sir AdamFerguffon reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council, of the City of for

themselves, and on Behalf of the Community of the said City, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Gray, Esquire, being examined, said. That by the great Increase of Trade and Navigation in the Port of Leith, the Harbour of Leith is become too final], and inconvenient for Ships and Vessels resorting thereto — That it will be necessary not only to deepen, scour, and enlarge the said Harbour, and also the Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, and to widen the Streets, Lanes, and Passages leading to and from the same, but also to construct new Quays, Piers, Docks, and Warehouses, and to make new Streets, Lanes, and Passages to and from the said Harbour; and in order to effect the above Purposes, it will be necessary to purchase Houses, Grounds, and Areas — That it will be of great public Utility to have the Jurisdictien of the Petitioners extended over the Grounds so to be purchased, and to ascertain the Fees and other Dues now payable, and hereafter to be paid, by the Owners of Ships and Vessels resorting to the said Harbour, Quays, Piers, and Docks, and by Merchants and other Traders using the said Warehouses.

And the Witness added. That it will be necessary to borrow Money for purchasing Grounds, Houses, and Areas, and for executing the above Works.

4 O )

Hintze’i Nat.

Bill reported, and patted.

Petition fbl* additional Provision in Bi iitol Streets hill.

Leith Harbour Petition reported.

3*6

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes: And. that Sir Adam Mr. Henry Dundasdo prepare, and bring in, the fame.

duwfljury A Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act,

Roads BiH *m Pafifed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King commuted. George the Second, for repairing the Road from

bury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and the Roads from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Meld, in the County of Flint, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for the making and repairing a Road from the said Road between Wrexham and Chester, to the present Turnpike Road from Wrexham to Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe,

Sir Richard Hill, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

KiikbyirocN Mr Duncomhereported from the Committee, to whom Bill reporud! the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Kir kbymocrfide, Fadmoor, and Gillamoor,in the Parish of Kirkbymocrft.de, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Comber, Vicar of the Parish of Kirkbymoorftde,in the County of York, was

referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of 18’- Common Rights, who did not chuse to sign the Bill, but made no Objection to the Inclosure; and also, except the Proprietor of One Common Right, who refused to sign the Bill; and that there are 215 Common Rights belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Petition* from A Petition of the Inhabitants of the City of New an<TCarUfie, Sarum, and Close adjoining; And also, respeaing the A Petition of certain of the principal Inhabitants si»»e Trade. Qf the Qty an(j Neighbourhood of the City of Car-

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

A. 1788.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Th* Lord,

Pepys: have agreed t*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mowdeyh. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- ciofureBin. mon Fields, Meadows, and Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mowftey,in the County of Leicester; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An FileyInc’oiw* ACb for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the fe- several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows,

Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Filey,otherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the County of; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Knaptont». Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable '1Muic B,ll> Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the ^'c„t^'"cnd’ Manor or Lordship and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to havep°i'u dissolve the Marriage of George Errington, Esquire, £mns;u,„', with Harriet Coren, his now Wife, and to enable him Unoilc Bill, to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

A Bill for paving the Foot Paths, and cleansing, Hertford Plighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Hertford^ and removing and preventing Obtti uftions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read a Second Time.

Resolved ', That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert, Mr. Plumer, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Orderfor Right honourable George Edward Henry Arthur Earl of Powis, Lord of the Manors of Streetmarshal and &c. inifofure Yirymynech, in the County of Montgomery, of William p"^°a*e Pulteney, Esquire, Lord of the Manor of Deytheur, in

Committee

the said County, and also of the several other Persons discharged, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the said Manors, on Behalf of themselves and others, which was presented to the House upon the 7th Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Order, made upon the said 7th Day of February, for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee, might be read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed. That the Expence attending the Drainage and Embankment of the Lands to be divided and inclosed, was to be defrayed by Sale of Part of the Waste Lands, and not to be levied by a Rate or Tax upon the Parties interested;

Ordered, That the Order for referring the said Petition to the Consideration of a Committee be discharged.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Streetmarshal, Yirymynech, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery: And that Mr. Kynaston, Sir Hill, and

Mr. Mostyn Owen, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Aa forts-

Twenty- nur, S":

i 70 Ma

e

of the Southern Whale Fishery to be confidcied.

Report Ways and Means.

Pay and

Cloathing of the Militia.

Supply

deferred*

Ways 3nd Means deferred.

Srretton In-ciolui e Bill passed.

a8 Geo. III.

Martii.

327

Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encouragement of " the Southern Whale Fishery," might be read'.

And the same being read accordingly j.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, That they do consider of giving further Encouragements for carrying on the said Fishery.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, be defrayed out of the Monies arising by the Land Tax granted for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Ro/e, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Monmouth

Writ.

Morning

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Morning

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Manor of Strettcn in the Dale, in the County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I. 3. To leave out " Parishes " and insert " Parish " instead thereof; and to leave out from " Stretton" to " in," in Line 4.

Pr. 4. 1. 8. To leave out " Churches " and insert " Church " instead thereof; and to leave out from " Stretton to " upon," in Line 9.

]. 12. To leave out " Doors" and insert " Door" instead thereof.

I. 13. To leave out " Churches" and insert " Church" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amentied'at the 'fable accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands, within, the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of the Houshold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to fierce in this present Parliament for the Borough of Monmcttb,in the County of Monmouth, in the room of Sir John Baronet,

who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stole, D/borough, and Bo-nenham, in the County of Buckingham.

The House being infohned that Mr. from Acc-mnti

the Inspector General of the Exports and Imports of rr,:lc,1U:d-Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called irt; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders*

An Account of the Value of Woollens exported, for Wool!# every Year from 1781, indufrve, to the End of the txPolt«». Year 1787; And also.

An Account of the Amount of Bounties which were Bourn;* to paid on the Ships which failed to the Southern Whale ship’,1*Fllhei7 Fishery, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, distinguishing each, which were imported from all Countries to England and Scotland, distinguishing the Imports from and to each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, exported to all Countries from England and Scotland, distinguishing each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787: And also.

An Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, Da, distinguishing each, which were imported from the Southern Whale Fishery to England and Scotland, distinguishing the Imports to each, in the Years 1785,

1786, and 1787, distinguishing each Year: And also.

An Account of the Quantities of Sugar, Rum, Cotton, Coffee, Cocoa, indigo, Ginger, Aloes, and other Goods, imported into the several Ports of Great Britain frdm the British Sugar Colonies, from Christmas 1786 to Chrijhnas 1787, inclusive, with Duties of Custortis payable on each Article: And also.

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum and Sugar into and from Great Britain, for the Year ending at Christmas 1787, with the Duties and Excise, as well as the Drawbacks paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts wrere read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts arc preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

on. Whal* Fins, &c.

D#.

Sugar, Rum, &c. imported*

Imports and Expoits of Rum and Sugar.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for raising further Sums Of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in thfe Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouse9 within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there;

1

Counsel heard on Second Reading of Exeter Poor Bill.

Debate on Motion for committing the Bill adjourned*

328

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Guardians of the Poor within the City and County of whose Names

are thereunto subscribed; and also, the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, Payers to the Poor Rates within the City and County of Exeter,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, were also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard.

And the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed. That the Bill be committed;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till WedneJ-day Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 18° die Martii;

Anno 28* Georgii III*" Regis, 1788.

1788.

Commonalty of the City of , under their Common Seal (which was Yesterday presented to the House) was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them,

' to the Housej and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Lewis, Esquire, being examined, said, That besides the Houses and Buildings in Broad Street, dated in the former Petition as necessary to be taken down for the Purpose of enlarging the Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices, and other Requisites thereto, it will be necessary, in order to compleat the said Plan, to take down certain other Houses, situate in Small Street, behind the said Guildhall.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for widening and rendering commodious certain Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for opening and making new Streets and Passages there; and also, for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City, and for taking down the Church of Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint Owen, and certain Houses and

Buildings within the said City, That they do makePro-vision in the said Bill for taking down certain Houses and Buildings in Small Street, behind the said Guildhall.

170 — 1.80 Martii

Prayers,

Flint Canal A BILL for making and maintaining a Navigable Bill commit-; jr^ Canal from Pentre Rock, near the Town of Flint, te ‘ to Greenfield, in the County of Flint, was read a Se-

cond Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jack-Jon, Mr. Gilbert, &c.: And tiey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

EirThoma* The House was moved. That the Petition of Sir Hanmcr’a Thomas Hanmer, Baronet, which was presented to the ftmT'and House upon Friday lad, and then ordered to lie upon

CounWor- the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time,

dered. might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed j and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Agent, or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Leith Harbour Sir AdamFergujfon presented to the House, accord-

Bili prciented. ing to Order, a Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Master reported from the Committee, to Piovision in whom the Petition of the Mayor, Burgesses, and

Bristol Streets °

Bill reported.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Errington’i to dissolve the Marriage of George Esquire, Brrotce Bill

with Harriet Coren, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for supplying with Water the Town of South smith shield. Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to the said Town, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Eden, Sir Matthew White Ridley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, "In> An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Ara- cloimeBiil, ble Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the agteed,°-Manor or Lordship and Township of in the County of the City of York.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 19.1.32. After " whomsoever" insert " provided that no such Exchange or " Exchanges shall be made by the " Vicar of Wharf, or his

" Successors, without the Consent " of his Grace the Lord Archbishop of York for the Time bcing, under his Eland and Seal,

" first had and obtained."

Pr. 26.1. 6. After "whomsoever" insert Clause (A).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That it " shall be lawful for the Vicar of " the Vicarage of IVharf

«« aforesaid for the Time being, by " and with the Consent and Approbation of the Lord Arch-' bishop of York for the Time being, under his Hand and Seal, to 3 " grant

i8 Geo. III.

i8° Martii.

3*9

Yafforth Inclosure Bill committed.

ire

Zti %

B- n* t- Ae Huddersfield Road Bill committed.

as

:> 0: tin

n’i *cDt

ch*

be*

eil, Petition from the Merchants

lift trading to Quebec.

it it

of

M

ch*

be-

l,to

ant

" grant any Lease or Leases to any Person or Persons of the Whole " or any Part or Parts of the Land " to be allotted to him by virtue " of this Act, for any Term or " Terms of Years not exceeding " Fourteen Years, such Term and " Terms of Years to commence " and be computed from the 25th ' " Day of March next after the

" Execution of the said Award, so " as the best and most improved *c Relit or Rents be thereby re- served, and be made payable to <c the Vicar of the said Vicarage " for the Time being Quarterly, <c and no Premium or Foregift " in any Respect be taken for " granting such Lease or Leases, " and so as no Lessee or Lessees be " made difpunishable for Waite, " and so as the usual Powers of tf Entry for Non-payment of such " Relit or Rents be>contained there-,c in, any Law, Usage, or Custom, " to the contrary notwithstanding."

Pr. 28.1. 8. Leave out from " for " to ft the " in Line 10.

i. 16. After " Life " inserttf other than and " except the said Vicar, and his " Successors."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon thq Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir John Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of ¥ brunt oft. Little Langton, and Dan by upon iVtfk, some or One of them, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. combe, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Huddersfield', in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of ter, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Refol-ced, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants, trading to the Province of Quebec, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That, by His Majesty’s Proclamation, bearing Date the 7th of October 1763, the Benefics and Advantages of the E.nglip Laws were promised to the Inhabitants of the above Province; and that, by an Act of the Fourteenth of His present Majesty, commonly called The Quebec Bill, those Laws by which the Province had been governed Ten Years, the known and approved Wildom of which had greatly promoted that Confidence so essential to the Interests of Trade, by the Protection they afforded to Commercial Rights and Property, were entirely repealed. You XLIII.

and a new System or Code introduced, of which the Petitioners were totally ignorant, from the Administration of which they have sustained Innumerable Inconveniences and immense LolTes, and the general Trade of the Province has suffered greatly in its Credit: Impressed with a Conviction that their real Grievances will always meet with Redress from the British Legislature, His Majesty’s loyal Subjects, both ancient and new, resident in the Province of Quebec, did, in the Month of November 1784, transmit Petitions, addressed to His Majesty, and to both Houses of Parliament, praying for the Enjoyment of the Rights of British Subjects, which Petitions were received in the Year 1785, and, early in the Parliament tary Sessions of 1786, the Petitioners waited on His Majesty’s Ministers therewith, requesting that they would take the same under their Consideration, but being informed that Government wished to have more full Information on the Objects contained therein, and that Lord Dorchester, then going out as Governor, would have Orders to report on the State of the Province, the Petitioners, to meet the Wilhes of His Majesty's Ministers, did then agree to defer bringing them forward before the House, in Hopes that such Report might be received before the next ensuing Sessions of Parliament; and that the Petitioners, presuming that Government have now received the necessary Information, and feeling by Experience that the Evils arising from the present Constitution of that Province are daily increasing, think they cannot, in Justice to themselves or their Constituents, any longer withhold these Petitions; and, they beg Leave to submit to the House, that the Trade carried on to the Province of Quebec is, at present, an Object of considerable Magnitude to this Country, and that under a proper Constitution and System of Laws it might be rendered much more valuable by Encouragements for extending the Trade with the Savages — the Trade to New* fotmdland and The West Indies, supplying them with Provisions and Lumber — the Fisheries in the Gulph of Saint Lawrence — and, the Agriculture of the Pro-

vince, from which it is probable great Quantities of Hemp might be furnished for the Supply of these Kingdoms: And therefore praying, That the House will take these Petitions into serious Consideration, as containing Objects of the utmost Importance to the Prosperity and Happiness of the Province of Quebec, and the Manufactures of this Kingdom, and adopc such Meafores as will tend effectually to secure to their Fellow Subjects, resident in that Province, the essential Privileges to which they are entitled as,

Subjects, by giving them the Laws of England in all Commercial Matters — the Bankrupt Laws under such Restrictions as shall be deemed necessary — Trial by Jury — the Habeas Corpus Act — and, by granting to the Province an Elective House of Assembly, establish such a Constitution as will afford Protection to the Property of the Britip Merchant, and convince the Inhabitants of that Province that their Happiness and Prosperity are founded on a solid Union with, and Dependence on, the Imperial Crown and Parliamenc of Great Britain, and that the Petitioners may be heard by their Counsel on the Premises at the Bar of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Loraine Smith reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Wei ford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and at Gravel Pit

Close, near Fofion Lane, to the Hinckley and Ashby de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at Barlefion Lane End, in the said County of Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Commit-

4 P tee

Leicester and Welfoid Road Bill reported.

33°

18° MartiL

A. 1788.

tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed a

Saltney and Flint Road Rill committed.

Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of , in the Parish of Hawarden, in the County of , to the

Accounts of Goods entered for Exportation to the Sugar Colonies, and of

Bill is depending for draining and dividing a Common, or large Piece of low Wade Ground, called moor, lying within the Parishes, Hamlets, or Town-ships above-mentioned, into so many Parts as there are distinct Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships, having Right of Common therein; and that, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners, who have a Right to turn Cattle, Sheep, Hogs, and Geese, on the said Common, and on which the principal Part of their Winter Feed depends, would be greatly injured: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law, and that they may have such Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, was read a Se- Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem just cond Time. and proper.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta-

Mojlyn, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet this ble, until the Report be received from the Commit-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s tee, to whom the Petition of Alexander , Esquire, Chamber. John , Esquire, and other the Persons, whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In- Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of speftor General of the Exports and Imports of Great Band Hamlets of Horton and Studley, in the said Parish, the Parish of Noke, the Parish of ton, the Parish of , and Hamlets of Fencot and

M in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, on Behalf of themselves and other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parishes, Ham-

m

Britain, attended at the Door; he was called and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to v'efl'eis'entered their Orders,

cl«redOut"*1 Account of the Value and Amount of Goods

\wds, in the (being Foreign Produce and Manufacture) entered sugar Colo- for Exportation to the British Sugar Colonies from the lets, and Townships aforesaid, is referred, from America, ^cvera^ Ports in Great Britain, from Christmas 1786 to

prdcnicd.

Marchwiel Hoad Bill committed.

Christmas 1787, inclusive, distinguishing such Goods A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and

as have been imported by the East India Company: Mr. Pepys:

And also, Mr. Speaker,

An Account of the Value and Amount of Goods The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An (being British Produce and Manufacture) entered for Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the Exportation to the British Sugar Colonies from the fe- better Payment of the Army and their Quarters; veral Ports in Great Britain, from Christmas 1786 to without any Amendment: And also,

Christmas 1787, inclusive: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

An Account of the Number of Ships and other Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James, at Vessels entered Inwards and cleared Outwards in the Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln; Road from Marchwiel,in the County of Denbigh, without any Amendment: And also, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the ’ The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Coin-Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whit- mon Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common church, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor afore- and Waste Lands, in Fladbury, in the County of (aRl to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from; without any Amendment.

British Sugar Colonies, to and from the several Ports in the British Colonies in North America, and the United States of America, from Michaelmas 1786 to Michaelmas 1787, with their respective Tonnage.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Bill for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of

MefTr*. Led-well’s, &c. Petition again ftOtmoor Drainage.

Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop, was read a Second Time. /

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parry, Mr. Howard, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of Thomas Ledwell, Edward Ledwell, William Fruin, and other the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Landholders, and Cottagers, residing within the Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships of Beckley, Horton, Murcot, Fencot, Charlton, Oddington, and Noke, in the County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read;

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to take into Consideration the Laws now in being for regulating the Election of Members to serve in Parliament

The Lord* have agreed t»

Mutiny Bill*

Clerkenwell Church Bill*

Liverpool

Watch,

Bill.

North Kyme Drainage Bill*

Fladbury Inclosure Billy

Militia Pay Bill presented.

Committee appointed to consider Laws for regulating Elections in Scotland.

18 Geo. III. 18° — if

ment for Counties in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland; and to report the fame, with their Opinion thereupon, to the House.

And a Committee was 'appointed of Sir John Sinclair, Sir William CunynghSir Charles Preston, the Earl Gower, the Lord Maitland, the Marquis of Graham, Sir Thomas Dundas, Sir Grey Cooper, Mr.

Mr. Beaufoy, Mr. Hamilton, Mr. Thornton, Mr. Smith,

Mr. S'cott, Mr. Grant, Mr. Ro/e, Mr. Secretary at War,

Sir James Johnstone, Mr. Wemyfs, Sir David Carnegie, Mr. Martin, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, the Matter of the Rolls, the Lord Mulgrave, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Fox, Mr. Sheridan, Mr. Marsham: And all the Members who serve for North Britain, and for the Counties of York, Westmoreland, Cumberland, Lancaster, Northumberland, Durham, Nottingham, and Lincoln; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Accounts of Ordered, , That there be laid before this House, an Oufwards^and Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with of Goods en- their Tonnage, cleared Outwards from the different from Africa P°rts Great Britain for the Coast of ,distin-'

ordered.1*’ guishing each Port, for the Years 1777, 1778> 1779» 1780, 1781, and 1782.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the Coast of Africa, from the several Ports of Great Britain, for the same Period; distinguishing each Port, and what Proportion of Goo^ds so exported were British, Foreign, or purchased from the East India Company.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Value and Amount of the Productions of Africa imported into Great Britain, from the Year 1771 to 1788; distinguishing the Productions, and their Amount for each Year, and the Ports of Importation.

Papers relating Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

cm *antaed. Account of the Times when the several Captains (Se-’ nior to Captain Richardwho were includ-

ed in, or affected by, the late Promotion of Admirals, were respectively appointed to Service during the late War; specifying the Nature of such Service, and when they quitted the fame, and the Reasons assigned for it.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of all Sentences of Court Martials, if any, or other Censures on, and communicated to, Captains Kennedy, Bray, Sir Digby Dent, Laforey, Balfour, Shirley, Uvedale, and Thompson, and also all Letters of Thanks, or Approbation, wrote to the same from the Admiralty, during the late War.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of the Older of Council of September 1786, relative to the Superannuated Captains of His Majesty’s Navy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Memorial to His Majesty, dated 7th March 1746-7, proposing Superannuation of Captains upon Rear Admirals Half Pay.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of an Order of Council, dated 3d June 1747, respecting Captains passed by upon Promotion of Flag Officers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of an Order of Council, dated the 8th March 1771, respecting Captains palfed by upon Promotion of Flag Officers.

Aa'toi'tn °" "^he Order of the Day being read, for the House to courage men* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Martiu 3 31

to consider of an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year Southern of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An whaleFishery. " Act for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale

" Fishery

Ordered, That the Account of the Amount of Boun- Accounts reties which were paid on the Ships which failed to the fared. Southern Whale Fiffiery in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, distinguishing each, which were imported from all Countries to England and Scotland, distinguishing the Imports from and to each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Oil, Whale Fins> and Seal Skins, exported to all Countries front England and Scotland, distinguishing each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Oil, Whale Fins, and Seal Skins, distinguishing each, which were imported from the Southern Whale Fishery to England and Scotland, distinguishing the Imports to each, in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each Year, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the Houie will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 190 die Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1788. '

Prayers.

MR. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Bi Ilinjjton and whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several reported. Manors or Lordships of Billington and Wilpshire, otherwise Wilpshire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn, and Honor of Cl'ttheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn, and County Palatine of Lancaster, was committed j That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place -, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

4 An

Kirkhvmoor-scie lndofui'6

Bill passed.

Petition from Exeter resptcl-int^ the Slave Trade.

Account of Import* and Exports of Kum preferred.

K< port re-ipcc'ting the Southern WhulcJ-ilhcry.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the hundred Pounds; to the Vessel which shall be so fit-Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons ted and cleared out, and which shall return as aforesaid and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Kirkby- with the next greatest Quantity of Oil, or Head Mat-moorfide, Fadmoor, and Gillamoor, in the Parish of ter, being not less than Thirty Tons, a Premium of

Kirkby moor side, in the North Riding of the County of Seven hundred Pounds; to the Vessel which shall be

Fork, was read the Third Time. so fitted and cleared out, and which shall return as

Resolved, That the Bill dopafs: And that the Title aforesaid, with the next greatest Quantity of Oil, or be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Head Matter, being not less than Thirty Tons, a Pre-Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and \Vafte mium of Six hundred Pounds.

Lands, within the Townships of Kirkby moorfide.Fad- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, moor, and Gillamoor, in the Parish of Kirkby moorfide, in That all Oil, or Head Matter, being the Produce of the North Riding of the County of York. any Fish or Creatures living in the Seas, taken or

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the caught by the Crew of any Six Ships belonging to any Lords, and desire their Concurrence. Foreigner or Foreigners, licensed to fit out Vessels to

be employed in the Southern Whale Fishery, which A Petition of the Mayor, Gentlemen, Clergy, and shall be the first Six Vessels brought by such Foreigner other Inhabitants, of the City of Exeter, whose Names or Foreigners to any Part of this Kingdom, after the are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, 15th Day of 1788, be allowed the following Pre-and read; Representing the present State of the Afri- miums; that is to say, any Quantity of Oil, or Head can Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles Matter, not exceeding Seventy Tons, each Ton con-of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; taining Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, which and submitting the same to the Consideration of the shall be imported by the first of the said Six Vessels, be House. admitted to be imported Duty-free; any Quantity of

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Oil, or Head Matter, not exceeding Seventy Tons,

Table. each Ton containing Two hundred and Fifty-two

Gallons, imported by the Two next of the said Vessels,

The House being informed that Mr. Bruere, from be admitted to be imported upon Payment of a Duty the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he of Five Pounds per Ton; any Quantity of Oil, or was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Head Matter, not exceeding Seventy Tons, each Ton pursuant to their Order, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, im-

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum into ported by the Three next of the said Vessels, be ad-and from Great Britain, for the Year ending at Christ- mitted to be imported upon Payment of a Duty of Ten mas 1787, with the Duties and Excise, as well as the Pounds Ton.

Drawbacks paid thereon. The said Resolutions being severally read a Second

And then he withdrew. Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

And the Title of the said Account was read. agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Ta- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said ble, to be perused by the-Members of the House. Resolutions: And that Mr. William Wyndham

The said Account is preserved amongst the other ville, Mr. Steele, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Attorney General,

Papers of this Session. do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said make the Report from the Committee of the whole Bill, That they do make Provision therein for amending House, to whom it was referred to consider of an Act, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His of His present Majesty, for the Encouragement of the present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the Encou- Southern Whale Fishery, with regard to the Times " ragement of the Southern Whale Fishery." when the Ships or Vessels proceeding on the said Fish-

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville accordingly report- ery are required to clear out from, and to return to, cd from the said Committee, the Resolutions which Great Britain. the Committee had directed to be reported to the

House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards An ingossed Bill for more effectually repairing the Poolandof. delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same Roads leading from Pool, through Oswestry, to were read; and are as followeth; viz. bam; from Knockin to; from p ’

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, House, in the Road between Oswestry and to

That the following additional Bounties, under certain Llangollen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, Conditions and Limitations, be allowed to Three Ships in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh; employed in the Southern Whale Fishery, and which and for discharging the Trustees for repairing the shall be fitted and cleared out from some Port of Great and Dolgelley Roads from the Care of the Road between Britain or Ireland, or the I Hands of Guernsey, Jersey, Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh, or Man,between the 15th Day of April and the ift and for making Provision for the future Repair of the

Day of November, in the present Year 1788, and be- said Road; was read the Third Time, tween the ift Day of January and the ift Day of No- Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title v ember in every succceding Year during the Continu- be. An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads ance of the present Bounties, and which shall double leading from Pool, through Oswestry, to Wrexham;

Cape Horn, or pass through the Streights of Magellan from Knockin to Llanrhaiadr; from WhiteburJl's House, into the South Seas, and carry on the said Fishery dur- in the Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llan-ing the Space of Four Months; that is to say, to the gollen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in Vessel which shall be so fitted and cleared out, and the Counties of Salop, and ;and shall so carry on the said Fishery, and shall return to for discharging the Trustees for repairing the Bala and some Port in Great Britain, on or before the ift Day of Dolgelley Roads from the Care of the Road between December in the Second Year after that in which such Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh,

Vessel shall have so fitted and cleared out, but not in and for making Provision for the future Repair of the less than Eighteen Months, and which shall return with said Road.

the greatest Quantity of Oil, or Head Matter, not OThat Sir do carry the being less than Thirty Tons, a Premium of Eight Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The

48 Geo. III.

20

Martiu

333

Committee on Keport re-Jpecting the Exportation of Sheep, Wool, &c. ic.

reported.

Bill ordered*

Debate on

Motion for committing the Exeterroor Bill refuraed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Report which was made from the Committee, who were appointed to consider the several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool, fiightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this King-

for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, be committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the said Motion.

ReJblved, That the Bill be committed to Mr-Mr* Phelips, &c.: And they are to meec this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain

Bill committed.

MilitlaPavBili

committed.

dom, and from the Isle&of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-

Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and also, to consider an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, for the winding of Wool, and to report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Rolle accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool fiightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds flufl'ed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Alderney, Sark,

and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Wool."

And Mr. Rolle moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool fiightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco PipeClay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, , Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for " the winding of Wool;" And that Mr. Mr.

Phelips, Mr. Hnffey, Mr. Penruddocke, and Mr. Dun-combe, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and

Eighty-eight, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House. 1

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill*

The other Orders of the Day being redd ?

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fort- supply*,

night, the 4th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Fortnight, the 4th Day of April next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Ways and Meant de«» ferred.

Jovisy 20° Martii;

Anno 28° Georgii III. U Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

r> E S O L VE D, That this House will, at the Rising of refoh- the House this Day, adjourn till this Day Fort- to adjourn to night, the 3d Day of April next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon Monday last, That the Bill for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospi-

Mr. Phelips presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool, fiightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses, or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an^ Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Wool And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursdaythe 17th Day of April next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

this Day Fortnight.

Wool Bill presented.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, according to Or- Snuihcm

tals and Workhouses within the said City and County, der, a Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty- ^nrJeMeST Vol. XLIII. 4Q_ sixth

334 2o° Martii. A. 1788.

sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further Provisions for that Purpose: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Accounts of OrdereAy That there be laid before this House, an T««ceami «r Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th of January 1787; 1787 to the 5th of January

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the 24th of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th of ' January 1787 and the 5th of January 1788.

Edimate of Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Naw Debtor- Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, as it Rood dtred’ on the 31st Day of December 1787.

- — VI

Duties on Houses, pre-icnted.

the 5th of January 1786 to and from the 5 th of January 1788.

in the Manner therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Majlct presented to the House, according Billforrvmov. to Order, a Bill for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and Hackneyi'"'S for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Coaches, &. Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, Halliers, pt£‘

and Porters, and the Sale of Raw Hides and Skins, within the City of Bristol, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade to and from, and within, and the Backs or Quays of, the same City and Liberties: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Masterpresented to the House, according to Billforrrgu.

Order, a Bill for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof: Walls in Bhi-And the same was received; and read the First to,«p««ented. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Orders of The House being informed that Mr. Cottrell, One «?at?ne to"* t^ie Clerks of the Privy Council, attended at the Navy Captains Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to presented. the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. Copy of an Order of Council of September 1786, relative to the Superannuated Captains of His Majesty’s Navy: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Memorial to His Majesty, dated 7th March 1746-7, proposing Superannuation of Captains upon Rear Admirals Half Pay: And also,

N° 3. Copy of an Order of Council, dated 3d June 1747, respecting Captains passed by upon Promotion of Flag Officers: And also,

N° 4. Copy of an Order of Council, dated the 8th of March 1771, respecting Captains passed by upon

Promotion offlag Officers.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill for widening and mak-mgStreetSj&c, in Bristol, pre-jenttd.

Mr. Majlerpresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for widening, and rendering commodious, certain Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for opening and making new Streets and Passages there; and also, for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City, and for taking down the Church of Saint E-wen ,otherwise Owen, and certain Houses and Buildings within the said City: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir John Lhorold presented to the House, according Simon rmlo.

to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com- *'"* mon Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Bifcoe's Eta» Act: to enable ElifhaBifcoe, Esquire, to grant Building Bl!l^in*

Leases of Part of the Eiftates devised by the Will of mm his late Father Elifloa Bifcoe, Esquire, deceased. Was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hogbton, Mr. Carfcrth, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Philipps presented to the House, according to Camnrthen Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair", the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter Bill presented. Pont Stephen, in the County of Cardigan, and from Llandovery, in the County of Car, to Lampeter Pont Stephen aforesaid: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Militia Pay to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, B,il duemd. upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this Eloufe will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 3d Day of April next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Lonis A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and have agreed to Ur. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

Bill to remove The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An speaing"" Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of Tmops sent to the Commissioners for the Affairs of Lidia> to direct the EitiUnches. that the Expence of raising, transporting, and maintaining such Troops #as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in The East Indies, Should be defrayed out of the Revenues arising from the said Territories and Possessions, and for limiting the Application of the said Revenues,

Ordered, That Sir John Thor old be added to the Mfmheradtol

1 , - . to bring in

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring Bolton KojJ» in, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in Bl11* the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Pod near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Pod to Winwick, and from Newton by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Pod in Parry in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except 5 from

Bolton Roads Bill presented.

Member added to bring in Bill respecting Insurances on Ships and Goods.

Bill rofpefting Insurances on Ships and Goods, presented.

Member added to bring in Christchurch Paving Bill.

Christchurch] Paving Bill prerented.

Royal Assent to Bills.

28 Geo. III. 200 Martii. 335

from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to Win-wick.

Sir John Thorold presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to-Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Pye be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cc An Act <c for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, " Merchandizes, or Effects," and for substituting other Provisions, for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof.

Mr. Pye presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cf An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, Cf and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects," and for substituting other Provisions, for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobart be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, fighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

Mr. Hobart presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal AlTent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned $

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord Sydney, and the Lord Osborne, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for punishing Mutiny and Desertion, and for the better Payment of the Army and their Quarters.

An Act for removing any Doubt respecting the Power of the Commissioners for the Affairs of India, to direct that the Expence of railing, transporting, and maintaining such Troops as may be judged necessary for the Security of the British Territories and Possessions in The East Indies, Should be defrayed out of die Revenues arising from the said Territories and Pof-sessions, and for limiting the Application, of the said Revenues, in the Manner therein mentioned.

An Act to amend and render more effectual an Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, cc An Act to prevent the c< Counterfeiting of Gold and Silver Lace, and for cc settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver Cf and Silk, and for the better making of Gold and <c Silver Thread."

An Act for pulling down the Church of Saint James, at Clerkenwdl, in the County of Middlesex, and for building a new Church, and making a new Church Yard, or Cemetery, in the said Parish, with convenient Avenues and Passages thereto.

An Act for enlarging and varying some of the Powers contained in certain Acts of Parliament relating to the watching, lighting, and cleansing the Streets, and other Places, within the Town of Liverpool, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances therein.

An Act for more effectually draining and preserving certain Fen Lands and Low Grounds in the Manor or Township of North Kyme, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for enabling the Right honourable George Earl Brooke and Earl of Warwick to build a new Brid ge over the River Avon, in the Borough of I Warwick, and to open proper Roads and Ways thereto.

An Act for reviving, continuing, and enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Alfretcn Turnpike Road, near a Place called Little Robin s, in the Parish of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, through Woolley Moor, to the Nottingham Turnpike Road, near Tanfiey, in the County of Derby, and from Woolley Moor to the Chef-tafield Turnpike Road at Kelfiidge, in the said County of Derby.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from the Mansfield and Chef-terfield Turnpike Road, near the Nine Mile Stone from Mansfield, through Temple No fin an ton. Tup ten New Inclosure, and Birkin Lane, to Buntingfield Nook, in the Parish of Alhover, in the County of Derby.

An Act for enlarging and alrering the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of Parliament, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of his

336 ao0 Mar Hu . 1788*

his late Majesty King George the Second, for repairing the Road leading from Catterick Bridge, in the County of York, to 2'arm,in the said County, and from thence to Stockton,in the County of Durham, and from thence through Sedgefield,. in the said County of Durham, to the City of Durham, and for reducing the said Acts into One, and for the more effectually repairing and keeping in Repair the said Road.

An Act for continuing the Term, and enlarging the Powers, of an Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from the Cross or Market Place in the Town of Wimborne Minster, to the Cross or Market

Place in the Town of Blandford Forum, in the County of Dorset,

An Act for vesting the Real Estate of ‘Thomas Reade, Esquire, and Elizabeth Reade, his Daughter, situate in Shir burn, Britt well, Sallome, Lewknor, Stokenchurch, and Kingston Blount, in the County of Oxford, in Thomas Earl of Macclesfield, and his Heirs, and for settling another Real Estate of the said Earl, of greater Value, in lieu thereof, and in Exchange for the fame, in Manner therein mentioned.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Fields, or Stinted Pastures, lying within the Parish of Parwich, in the County of Derby.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Common and Open Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Liberty of Hixton, and the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Liberties of Dro Lea, and Amerton, all within the Manor of Chartley, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open Fields, Meadows, and Commonable Grounds, in the Parish or Lordship of Humberfione, in the County of Leicester.

An Act fordividing, allotting, and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Arable Lands, Pastures, Woods, Downs, Cow Downs, Sheep Downs, Waste Lands, and other Open and Commonable Places, within the Parish of Headbourn Worthy y in the County of Southampton.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Pastures, Common Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, of and within the Parish of in the County of

Bucks.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Open ArablcFields, Meadows, Heaths, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Manor and Parish of Wandon, otherwise Wavendon,in the County of Bucks.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing the several Open and Common Arable Fields, Meadows, Pastures, Commons, and Waste Grounds, within the Township of Filey, otherwise Filo, in the East and North Ridings of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Meadows, and- Commons, of and within the Lordship or Liberty of Mowfiey, in the County of Leicester.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and other Common Grounds, within the Manor or Lordship, and Township of Knapton, in the County of the City of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, and other Common and Waste Lands, in Fladbury, in the County of Worcester.

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Godfrey Flintze.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1786 to the 24th of December 1787, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament: And also,

Estimafe of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1788: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Hospital, for the Year 1788.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the In-Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1788: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1788: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1788: And also, Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1788.

And the Titles of the said Account and Estimates were read.

The said Account and Estimates arc as followed! j viz.

An

Account ind Estimates pit* Tented. Extraordna-ries of the Army.

Half Pay.

Chelsea dttt Pensionen.

Chelsea In Pen Goners.

Half Pay

V\

Widow* Pen* dons.

An ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1786 to the 24th of December 1787, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament.

Dates of Warrants,

1787. March 23d.

April 5th.

June 28th.

July 21 ft.

August 15th. September 1 ith. 'November 5th.

22d.

23d.

December 8th.

To Thomas Everett, Esquire, upon Account, for victualling the Gar-

rilon of Gibraltar, between the 2d and 29th of October 1786 — — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 30th October and 26th November 1786 ——

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 27th November and 24th December

1786 — — —

To D", upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison,

between the 25th December 1786 and 21st January

1787 ——

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison,

between the 22d January and 18th February 1787 —

To D°, upon Account, for victualling D# Garrison, between the 19th February and 18 th March 1787 ——

To D*, upon Account, for victualling D* Garrison, between the 19th March and 15th April 1787 — — _ — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 16th April and 13th May 1787 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 14th May and 10th June 1787 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 1 ith June and 8th July 1787 -

To D®, upon Account, towards providing an additional Six Months Supply of Provisions for 5,000 Men, in D® Garrison — — —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 9th July and 5th August 1787 —

To D®, upon Account, for victualling D® Garrison, between the 6th £ugujland 2d September 1787 — — —

2,795 1

2,806 13 5 — 2,792 4 6

2.783 11 —

2,793 *8 5

2.789 6 8

2,81518 1

2,841 9 —

2,797 9 1

2.783 18 3

9,750 ——

2.789 12 3

— 2,753 13 1

January 5th. To MefiTrs. John Turnbull, George Mackenzie , and Thomas

Gregory, on Account, for Provisions issued to the Troops in Canada — — — — 13,796 9 6

To D°, on Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia — — 2,140 5 1

To D®, on Account, for Butter issued to the Troops at the Out Posts at Quebec and Montreal, between the 5th August and 18th 1786 — —

26th. To D®, on Account, for Provisions issued for the Use of the Loyalists in Canada To D", on Account, for Provisions issued to the

Troops, &ca. at Halifax, between the 12th ORober

and 8th November 1786 —

February 13th. To D®, on Account, for D® issued to the Troops Rationed at the Out Posts in Canada, between the 26th ORober and 24th November 1786 — —

March 26th. To D®, on Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia — —

May 2d. To D®, on Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in the West Indies To D®, on Account, for Duties paid in Ireland, on the Provisions which have been shipped by them for the Troops and Loyalists in Canada, Nova Scotia,

and the West Indies __

Vol. XLIII. 4 R

724 19 6

— 4.323 7 10

— — 617 16 5

2,113 1 IO

i,77* 9. 8

— 997 16 6

— — *,496 *3 8

43,292 *4

To

20° Mar til.

j A* i 7 8 8.

Dites of Warrant!.

1787-

A% 19th. To Messrs. John TurnbullGeorge Mackenzie , and Thomas Gregory, on Account, for Provisions issued to the Troops, at Quebec and Mont-

real, between the 25th September and 24th November 1*786 ——

30th. To D®, on Account, for D° issued to the Troops and Loyalists in Canada — — —

June 15th. To D®, on Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in the W Indies — — 28th. To D®, on Account, for D° delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia — —

July 6th. To D®, on Account, for D° delivered for the Use of the Troops in the Island of Saint and

S' Vincent's ——

August 3d. To D°, on Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the T roops in Nova Scotia — —

15th. To D®, on Account, for D1 delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada — — —

To D®, on Account, for D° delivered for the Use of the Troops in the I (lands of Antigua and Gre-

To D®, on Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Canada, Nova Scotia, and the Indies ——

To D°, on Account, for D® delivered for the Use of the Troops in Nova Scotia and Barbadoes —

28th. To D®, on Account, for D° delivered for the Use of the Troops and Loyalists in Canada — N —

1,841

*>979 658

3)7*5 1®

7 16

5 ~

6 3

846 17

5

2

November ift.

21 ft

6,773 8 10

1,728 11 11

15,671 10 2

8,582 1 4

4,004 15 2

March 3d. To Messrs. Neave and Aijlabfor sundry Provisions shipped for Providence, in the Bahama Islands, for the Use of the Troops and Loyalists — — — — 2,259 *8 4

October 16th. To D®, for sundry D° shipped for the Troops in the Islands of Barbadoes, Antigua, Dominica, S‘ Kitt's,

S' Vincent's, and Grenada — — 4,73* *3 4

Novemberitth. To D®, towards the Purchase of a Supply of Provisions for 6,500 Men, for One Year — — 9,500 — —

December 6th. To D®, for Provisions purchased by them for the Use

of the Tcoops — — — 4,144 3 6

May 19th. To Robert Rajhleigh and C®, for Provisions consigned to Robert Grant, Esquire, or his Agent, at Halifax — — —

October ift. To Mrs. Elizabeth Budd, for Provisions kept up in the IQands of Guernsey and Jersey ——

August 15th. To Evan Nepean, Esquire, for sundry Articles purchased by him for Presents to the Indians in Canada — — —

1784.

September 2d. To JeJfe Wain, for the Hire of his Vessel The Sifters, employed in the Commissary General’s Department at York, from ill October to

1786.

ift December 1783 —

— 57 *7 4

November30th. To James Frafer, Esquire, for the Balance of his Account, as late acting Paymaster in the Engineer’s Department at New York, from ift June to 31st December 1782 ——

December 9th. To Lieut. Colonel John Small, of the late 84th Regiment of Foot, for Cloathing delivered by him to the Provincial Stores at Charlestown, during the late War — ——

27th. To Patrick Tonyn, Esquire, late Governor of East Florida, for keeping up a Schooner for the Service of the said Province, from 29th 1783 to 12th

July 1784 — — — . —

To Richard Boyle, late a Lieutenant of a Provincial Corps in America, for sundry Losses sustained by him on actual Service, in the Years 1779, 1780, and 1781 ——

28th. To Captain Rob’ Lawjon, for the Balance # of his Account, as Bridge Master to the Army in America, from ift 1779 to 8th November

1782 ——

x

148 9 10

33S 6 —

362 *8 3

40 17 —

97 3 *

74,810 16 8

20,636 15 2

7,^93

226

18,989

9

9

6

1

7

5

To

l8 Geo. III.

Dates ot Warrants.

1787. January 9th.

200 Marlii.

119

25 th. February 14th.

To Captain Charles for the Balance of hii

Account, as late Commanding Engineer at S' Lucia, Antigua, and Grenada, from 20th January 1781 to 12th March 1784 —

17th. To Lord George H. Lennoie, for the Pay and Allow. v ances to sundry Supernumerary Officers and Private Men of the 25th Regiment of Foot, who, through the Necessity of the Service* were unavoidably kept up in the said Regiment beyond the Periods to which they were borne on the Establishment — —

To Captain Charles Handfield, for the Balance of his Account, as Paymaster of the Men of absent Corps serving in North America, between the lift. January

1782 and 24th "December 1783 — —

'To Lieut. Anthony Wingrove, of the 34th Regiment of

Foot, for Losses he sustained on Board the Ship Snow, which foundered at Sea in the Year 1780 — To Major Buckeridge^ of the 65th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained while a Captain in the ift Battalion of the ift Regiment of Foot, at the Siege of Brimstone Hill —

To Lieut. Lawrence Heron, of the late io2d Regiment of Foot, for D° sustained on Board the Hinchinbrooke East Indiaman, which was call away in Bengal River, in April 1785 — — —

47th. To Edward Corbet, to compleat the Sum of £.210, for the Hire and Loss of a Schooner taken up by P. Tonyn, Esquire, late Governor of the Province of East Florida, to carry Dispatches from thence to New Providence, in September 1785 — —

28th. To Captain James Boys, of the late 87th Regiment of Foot, for Losses he sustained by the Hurricane in the West Indies, in the Year 1780 — —

March 3d. To Samuel Carjon, for the Hire of the Ship Nancy, chartered for His Majesty’s Service by the Commissary General at New 7~ork, on 2d September

1783 — — . — —

7th. To Sir G.A. Eliott, for the extra contingent Expences

of the Regiments at Gibraltar, from 25th June to 24th December 1786 — — — *

22d. To General Armstrong, Colonel of the 8th Regiment of Foot, to complete the Pay and Allowances of sundry Supernumerary Officers and Private Men to the Times they were respectively reduced — — 2,406 8 5

Dedudl issued pursuant to the Secretary at War’s Letter, of ill November 1786, and voted in the Account of Extraordinaries for the Year 1786 — — 1*500 - —

27th. To George Thomas, late Ensign and Paymaster of the King’s American Regiment, for F.xpences incurred by him on Account of the said Regiment, during the late War in America — — — *

To John Webjier, for the Balance of his Account of Disbursements* as late Assistant Commissary in the Island of Saint John's, to 24th September 1782 — — —

To Captain Thomas Walker, of the 2d Battalion of the 60th Regiment of Foot, for Disbursements made by him while acting Engineer at Grenada, in the Year 1785 — —

To Peter Woulfe, for Fees paid by him in passing his Accounts, as Director and Surveyor of Hospitals at Guadeloupe, &ca, from 30th June 1759 to the 21st of April 1763 — — —

April9th. To Will" Lacy, in Part of his Contingent Account,

as late Commandant at Goree,from nth 7«/y 1782 td 24th December 1783 — —

— — - 792 10 7

839 8 11

49 10 4 *5 — ~

— 24 16

8 —

103 ——

24 7 —

iio 6 9 41 6 7

906 8 5

100 ——

— 101 i 8

of

nts

in

— . 84 2 —

83 8 " 878 — 6

To

20° Mar tit,

340

Dates of Warrants*

V

A- 1788.

— 53 *7 —

— 32 2 —

— 30 ——

— 216 3 6

T ,. ~ 20 7 8

— 41 10 6

1787.

April 19th. To Lieut. General James Grant, for the Balance of his Account, as late Lieutenant Governor of West Florida,of the Money by him received and expended for the Support of the distressed Greek Settlement of Smyrna, in East , in the Years 1769 and 1770 —

May ad. To Lieut. John Hendon Cowefor the Expence at

tending the Cure of a Wound received in Action at the Eutawsy in South while a Lieute-

nant in the 64th Regiment 16th. To Will"Hutchin/on, Paymaster of the 70th Regiment of Foot, for the Hire of a Store at in America, for the Use of the said Regiment, during the late War — -

June 4th. To Lieut. Colonel DelanceyAdjutant General to the Forces in America, for the Expences incurred by him in the Employment committed to his Care, of adjusting Military Transactions relating to North America, for One Year, to 5th April 1787 July7th. To Lieutenants George Power and George

of the late i02d Regiment of Foot, for sundry Losses on Board the East

which was east away in Bengal River, in the Year 1785, on their Passage to England 9th. To John Smith, Esqtiire, for Fees paid by him m passing his Account,’ as Secretary to Sir H.

Clinton, from the 6th July 1776 to the 25th August 1778 — — —

To Captain Joseph Partridge, for Fees on passing his Account of Contingencies, as Commanding Officer of the 4th Regiment of Foot at Dominica, from the 3d October 1763 to 30th April 1764 21ft. To George Howell, being His Majesty’s Bounty for sundry good and acceptable Services performed by him to the Army in North America 33d. To Peter Chester, Esquire, late Governor of West Florida, for the Expences he incurred for his Passage from Charlestown to Great Britain To Quarter Matter B. Garnett, of the late load Regiment of Foot, for sundry Losses on Board the Hincbinbrook East Indiaman, which was east away in the Year 1785, on his Passage to England — —

24th. To Messrs. Adair and Bullock, for a Stoppage for Rations of Provisions Twice made from the 47th Regiment of Foot, in the Year 1777, while on Service in America — —

August 16th. To Gregory West, Esquire, late Assistant Surgeon of the. Hospital at Pcnjacolafor sundry Drugs and

Medicines employed for the Service of the said Hospital, and for several Articles of the like Nature, loft in the Year 1778, in an Attack by the Rebels — —

To Lieut. R. Dobbins, of the late io2d Regiment of Foot, for sundry Losses on Board the Hincbinbrook East Indiaman, which was east away on his Passage to England — —

September 5th. To Major General O'Hara, for the extra Contingent Expences of the Regiments of Foot in the Garrison of Gibraltar, from 25th D 1786 to 24th June

1787 —

21ft. To Will" Moss, for the Services of his Private Ship of War The Tonyn, while employed in His Majesty’s Service occasionally in the late War 24th. To Margaret, the Widow and Administratrix of Thomas Fortye the Elder, deceased, and to Thomas Fortye the Younger, for undrawn Rations at Gor — 112

November 14th. To Captain Wa Corf eld,of the 47 th Regiment of Foot, for sundry Losses incurred on Service in the East Indies, by being captured and plundered by the Mabrattas —

T r* 25 — 6

— — too — - — .

— 4 — 104 11 —

— >2 5 —

— "5

— 104 11 —

— — 10 12 —

— 47 6 9

— - 604 11

9 »«

— 44 15 6

To

I,

28 Geo. III.

s >

X)atesof Warrants*

20° Martii

1787.

December ift. To Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to be paid over to several Planters in the Provinces of South Carolina and Georgia, for Rations of Provisions allowed for their Negroes, on the Evacuation of these Provinces in

the Year 178a

— 4,908 14 6

1785.

December 29th. To the Holder of a Bill of Exchange, drawn by Colonel Rooke, late Commanding Officer at for

Flour, bought and delivered into the Stores there for the Use of the Garrison — —

1787.

March 28th. To pay Bills of Exchange drawn by Sir G. A. , Governor of Gibralt, for sundry special Contingent

Services for that Garrison — 1,612 1 2

OBober24th. To pay a D®, drawn by D®, for D* Service — — — 1,118 to 10

1786. December 27 th.

1787.

17th. To Geo. Macheath, as Holder of sundry Bills of Exchange, drawn by Patrick , late Lieutenant

Governor of Michilimakina, in North America, for Expences incurred for His Majesty’s Service by the Authority of Sir Fredk for the Value of the said Bills, and Interest thereon, from 31st October 1782, the Day on which they were protcfted for Non-payment — - —

To Messrs. Ja‘ and David Webfiers, in full Discharge of a Bill for £. 150, drawn by Valentine Esquire, late Governor of Saint Vincent's, for Public Services — — 124 11 — -

'January 29th* To a Bill of Exchange, drawn by D , for D° Service —

— 200 — —

TO Bills of Exchange, drawn by Des Barres,

Lieutenant Governor of Cape Breton, for Public Services — ' — — 1,351 2 9

April 9th. To lVm Roberts, Esquire, to enable him to pay Bills of Exchange, drawn upon him by D®, on Account of the extra contingent Expences for the Public Works on that Island — 1,004 11 —

January 29th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Archibald M‘ Arthur, Commander in Chief of the Bahama Islands, for Public Services — — 1,541 11 2

June27th. To D®, for D® Service — — 2,186 3 —

September 10th. To D®, for D® Service — — 2,826 3 6

January 29th., To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Edmund Lincoln, Governor of S’ Vincent's, for Public Services — — — 3,871 14 2

June27th. To D®, for D® Service — — 750 ——

January 29th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by D. Parry, Governor of Barbadoes, for Public Services — — — 881 14 5

September 10th. To D°, for D® Service — — - 950 7 4

IS 14 —

2,730 12 —

— 4,798 — 11

3H 11 —

2>355 13 9

6,553 18 8

4,621 14 2

January 29th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by J. Parr, Governor of Nova Scotia, for Public Services — — — 208 7 10

June27th. To D®, for D" Service — - — 450 10 11

September 10th. To D®, for D® Service — — 385 18 6

1,832

January 29th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Lucas, President of the Council at Grenada, for Public Services — — — 11,773 1 1

June27th. To D°, for D® Service, — — 9,549 1 10

September 10th. To D®, for D° Service — — - 4,833 13 11

L°44 17 3

26,155 16 10

34i

11,817 I. 4

Vol. XLIII.

4S

Xo

C.

t>ates of Warrants.

1787. January 29th.

June 27 th. Sqtember iotb.

10® Martiu

To Bills of Exchange, drawn By j Governor of

Dominica, for Public Services — 2,920 —

ToD°, for D" Service — — 4,742 — —

To D®, for D* Service — — 1,645 —

A. 1788.

January 29th. To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Alured Clarke, Governor of Jamaica, for Public Services — — — 2,326 5 2

To D®, for D® Service — — 1,281 — 1

To D°, for D® Service — 8,750 — > — -

9»3°7 ——

June 27th. September 10th.

January 29th. To Bills of Exchange?- drawn by ‘Thomas Shirley, Governor of the Leeward Islands, for Public Services — — — 1,000 — —

To D®, for D® Service — — 400 ——

June 27 th. January 29th.

September 10 th. January 29th.

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by IV. Or.

Commandant at Newfoundland, for Public Services — —

To D°, drawn by Lord Dorchester, Governor of Quebec,

for Public Services — — n,ior ——

To D®, for D° Service — — 10,300 — —

*2>357 5 3

1,400 — —

— 1,023 18 —

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Matthew,

Governor of Grenada, for Public Services —

To D°, drawn by Henry , Lieutenant Governor of Quebec, for D° Services — — —

June 27th. ToD®, drawn by Sir James late Governor of

Georgia, for Public Services —

To D°, drawn by Thomas Carleton, Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick, for D® Services — To D®, drawn by John Lieutenant Governor of

Newfoundland, for D° Services — —

To D°, drawn by Robert Wynne, President of the Council at Sa Vincent's, for D® Services — — — 2,529 < — —

September 10th. To D®, for D® Service — . 5,782 12 9

21,401 — —

*53*9 ~

144 10 — - — 100 — — *

1,081 — — 20-3 11 —

— 800 — —

— 12o ——

— — 2,887 19 6

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by Su-

perintendant of His Majesty’s Affairs on the Coast of Honduras, for Public Services Ta Bills of Exchange drawn by Joseph Wheelwright, Acting Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in If ova Scotia, in the Month of November 1786, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the said Forces — — — 4,192 — 6

To D°, drawn by D® in the Month of December 1786, on Account of D" —

To D®, drawn by D® in the tyfonth of January 1787, on Account of

P* — - '

To D®, drawn by D® in the Month of February 1787, on Account of D® —

T® D®, drawn by D® in the Month of April 1787, on Account of p® — — — 4,277 18 1*

Tp D®, drawn by D® in the Month of May 1787, on Account of

|D® — — — 722

Tp D®, drawn by D® in the Month iof June 1787, on Account of

jD® —

Tb D®, drawn by D® in the Month of July 1787, on Account of

D® —

Tb D®, drawn by D® in the Month of August 1787, on Account of D" —

Tp D®, drawn by D* in the Month of September 1787, on Account of D® — — — 1,792 16 7

8,311 12 9

— 1,700 ——

— 1,307 3 s

— 200 — —

13,oooo — — 1

To

a8 Geo. III.

20° M

343

Date* of Warrants.

To

To Bills of Exchange, drawn by JoJbua ailing

Deputy Paymaster of the Forces in Canada, in the Month of August 1787, on Account of the extraordinary Expences of the said Forces 10,000 — — .

To D®, drawn by D® in the Month of October 1787, on Account of

D® — — — 16,246 ——

To D#, drawn by D® in the Month of November 1787, on Account of

D° — — — 16,369 ——

----- ----- --- 52,615 ——

To D®, drawn by John Robinson, ailing Deputy Paymaster of the Forces at New Brunswick, in the Month of August 1787, on Account of the extra Expences

of the said Forces — / — 310 — —

To D®, drawn by D° in the Month of November 1787, on Account of D® — — — 770 — —

To D®, drawn by D®, dated ift December 1787, on Account of D® — 80 — —

- 1,160 — —

To D®, drawn by David Fra/er, ailing Deputy Pay- n

matter of the Forces in the West Indies, in the Month of May 1787, on Account of the extra Expences of the said Forces — 6,000 — —

To D®, drawn by D° in the Month of August 1787, on Account of

D® — — — 7,000 — —

----- ----- ----- -13,000 ——

Dates of Warrants.

191,401 16 4

1786. December 27th.

1787. January 3d.

To John Craigie, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Deputy Commifiary in Canada, to 24th June 1786 — — 547 10 —

To Robert Adair, Esquire, for 365 Days D®, as Inspec-for General of the Hospitals to the Forces in Great Britain, to 24th December 1786 — — 69; x o —

To Lieut. Colonel Delancey, for 365 Days D®, as Adjutant General to the Forces in America,

to D® — — -1 —

To Lieut. General <Thomas, in lieu of Fulf Pay, as Lieutenant Governor of Fort S' in the

Island of Minorca, from 25th June to 24th December 1786 ——

9th. To James Farquharjon, to compleat his Pay, as AlTistant Commissary in Canada, for taking Care of, and issuing Provisions to, the Loyal ills in that Province, for 365 Days, to 24th June 1786 — —

loth. To Sir William Fawcett, for 183 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th December 17 86 —

To Lieut. General for 183 Days D®, as

Quarter Master General to D® — —

24th. To Lieut. Rob‘ Griffiths, for his Allowance for superintending the Service of forwarding Deserters passing to and from Great Britain and Ireland, between 24th D 1785 and 25th December 1786 ——

January 31st. Tp Pierce Sinnot, Esquire, for Two Years and a Half Allowance for his Services as late Lieutenant Governor of Niagara, to 3d May 1786 — —

To Lieut. General Morrijon, for the Pay of his Two Assistants as Quarter Master General, for 365 Days, v to 24th December 1786 — , — —

February 14th. To Alex' Martin, for Pay, as Express Rider to the Troops late under the Command of Lord Raw don

345 15 "

346 14 —

182 10 — 520 1 —

520 1 —

52 4 —

375 ——

172 17 6

in South Carolina — — —

To Major General Townjend, for his Pay for superintending the Recruiting Service of the Regiments serving Abroad, from 25th 1786 to 24th i)f-cember following — — — »

2 X ——

260 — 6

To

e

344

Dates of Warnnts.

20° Martii.

A. 1788,

1787.

February 17th. To George Britiley, Esquire, for 180 Days Pay, as Commissary at Halifax in North America, to 30th November 1786 —

March 10th. To R. Johnson, Esquire, for 361 Days D®, as an Assistant Commissary at , to 31st December

1786 — —

To Nicholas Jefperson, in lieu of Half Pay as Lieu tenant, in Consideration of hi* Services at the Siege of Gibraltar —

April4th. To sundry General Officers, for their Trouble and Expences in reviewing the Land Forces, for 183 Days, to 24th of December 1786 9th, To James Farqubarfon,to complete his Pay, as Assist

ant Commissary in Cana, for taking Care of, and

issuing Provisions to, the Loyalists in that Province, for 68 Days, to tft September 1786

19th. To Colonel Thomas Carlcto, for Half a Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of New wick, in America, to 24th December 1786 23d. To f. A. Coffin, Esquire, for 184 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary at Halifax, in America, to 31st December 1786 —

To Captain Robert Garflin, of the Royal Artillery, for 297 Days Pay as acting Engineer at S' to 26th of November 1781 May I Oth. To Sir Frederick Haldimandfor 334 Days Personal ‘

Pay, as a Lieutenant General, to 24th December 1786 — —

15th. To the Reverend G. Burrington, for the Arrears of Pay for 304 Days, as Chaplain to the Royal Garrison Battalion in America, to 24th 1783 —

June 14th. To Gregory Townsend, Esquire, for 17 a Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary in to ,31st December

1786 — —

15th. To Pierce Sinnott, Esquire, for One Year’s Allowance

for his Services, as late Lieutenant Governor of Niagara,to 3d May 1787 —

25th. To Sir Thomas Mills, on Account of his Salary, as Receiver General of Quebec, from the 31st October

1783 — ~

July 4th. To Sir William Fawcett, K. B. for 182 Days additional Pay, as Adjutant General, to 24th June

1787 — — . —

To Lieut. General Thomas, in lieu of Full Pay, as

Lieutenant Governor of Fort S‘ Philip, in Minorca, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — 344

To Lieut; General MorriJ’on, for 182 Days additional Pay, as Quarter Matter General, to 24th June 1787 — ~

7th. To George Brinley, Esquire, for 31 Days Pay, as Deputy Commissary at Halifax, in North America, to 31st December 1786 — — —

nth. To Major General Townsend, for his Pay for superin-tending the Recruiting Service, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 21 ft. To Charles Fletcher, to make good the Difference of a Naval Penflon of 41 per Annum, and 5 s. per Day for his Services, as Surgeon General to the Troops in Virginia, from 6th June 1778 to 24th June 1787 — —

23d. To Michael Barrett, for Pay for his Services during the Siege of Qiiebec, on board the Armed Ship from 12th October 1775 to 6th May 1776 August 13th- To Neil Maclean, to complete his Pay, as Assistant Commissary in Canada, for taking Care of, and issuing Provisions to, Loyalists in that Province, for

798 Days, so 1st Septe 1786

16th. To F.W. Hecht, for 571 Days Pay, as Assistant Commissary of Stores in Brunswick, to 24th June

- 1786 — —

To Thomas Lempriere, Esquire, for 1461 Days additional Pay, as Deputy Commissary of Mutters at Jerseyand Guernsey, to 24th April 1787’

— 270 — — >

— — 1,300

— 250 — —

— 184 -

— 103 19 —

— 1,265 10 9

101 6 8

— *5° ——

— 875 ——

— 517 4-

16 —

— 5l7 4 —

46 10 —

— 258 12 —

— 496 7 4

— 37 9 —

— ‘ — 399 —

— 571 ~

— 355 13

To

Geo.

Bates of Warrants*

1787. September 5th.

26th. October 17th.

February 24th.

28th.

March 28th. April 18 th.

19th.

1

November 14th; January 17th.

February 28th.

March 14th.

28th. Vol. XLIII.

1>

III;

200 Martii,

345

To Colonel Thomas Carleton, for Half a Year’s Allowance, as Governor of the Province of

to 24th June 1787 — — ' — 250 — —

To William Jones, for 913 Days Pay, as Provost Mar-

shal in Canada,to 24th June 1786 — — - 108 2 1

To sundry Persons, for their Pay, as Commanding Officers and Barrack Matters at several Potts in North America, for 183 Days, to 24th December

1785 — — — — 329 7 4

To John Elliot, Esquire, for 365 Days Pay, as Governor of Newfoundland, to 31st March 1787 — - 518 12 6

To pay a Bill of Exchange drawn by the Bank of Scotland, for One Year’s Allowance for furnishing Specie to the Troops in to Christmas 1786 — — — 706 2 9

To Sir John Inglis± Baroner, for Oatmeal, Firing, Candles,

&c°. furnished to the Forces in the Garrisons of Fort William, Castle Duari, Fort Augustus, Fort George, and Fort Charlotte, in the Itland of Shetland, and the Barracks of Bernera, and the Out Potts in their Neighbourhood, for the Year 1786 To D°, for Necessaries for the Use of the Forces in North Britain — -

To David Skene, Esquire, for the 55th Year’s Allowance for inspecting and superintending the Repairs df Roads and Bridges in North Britain To Lieut. General Mackay, Commander of the Forces in North Britain, for the Expences incurred by him ih defending a Law Suit respecting the Enliltmene and Billetting of Soldiers To.D0, for so much expended by him, on divers Occa fions, for the Good of His Majesty’s Service iri North Britain —

To Mefirs. Gray and Ogilvie, Agents to Sir John Inglis,

Contractor for the Garrisons in North Britain, for Money paid by the Order df Lieut. General Mackay,

Commander in Chief ih Scotland, to the Sheriff of tnverness, for carrying into Execution a Plan for supprefling Depredations and Thefts in the Highlands — — — — 134 17 —

— — 1,873

— 905 15 10

— no 15

— 300 ——

14,001 17 i

4,524 ia 5

Yd Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing and repairing divers Uten-fils, &ca. for the Use of the Barracks at Plymouth Dock, from 25th December 1785 to the 24th December 1786 — 131 7 —

To D°, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils for the Troops in the Citadel of Plymouth, Nicholas Island, &ca. from 25th June to 24th December 1786 —

To Lieut. Governor Singleton, for Coals, Candles,

&c‘. for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from 25th June to 24th December 1786 To E. B. De la Fontaine, Matter of the Barracks in the Savoy, for supplying Coals and Candles to the additional Companies and Recruits in the said

Barracks, between the 24th June and 25 th December

1786 — —

To D% for providing divers Utensils for D° Barracks, in the Year 1786 —

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles for the Troops at Guernsey, from 25th June to 24th December 1786 —

To Nich’Fiott, for Coals supplied for the Forces at

Jersey, from 25th March 1786 to 28th September following —

To John Sorel, for Candles supplied for D® at D°, from 25th March 1785 to 24th March 1786 —

To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &ca. for the Use of the Forces in Chatham Barracks, from 25th June to 24th December 178 6 ——

To Mr. George Leith, Junior, for providing D° for the

4 T

— 57 i4 5

— i°4 5

— 287 7 6

— — 119 18 10

— 201 10

— 113 19 6

86 io 3

5°3 6 5

Vfe

346

Dates of Warrant!, 1787.

20° Martii.

tlfe of the Forces in the Barracks at from 25th June to 24th December 1786 — —

March 28th. To John Gore, Esquire, for NtceflTaries furnished by him for the Use of the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Lady Day 1787 — —

Ho Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles for the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock — —

To Thomas Bejl, Esquire, for supplying the Barracks of Dover Castle with Coals, Candles, &c*. from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786 —

April 4th. To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, £sff*. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 25th

March to the 24th of June 1785 — To D#, for D#, from 25th June to 23d 156 19 II

September 1785 — — To D°, for D°, from 24th September to H5 15 1

23d December 1785 — — To D% for D*, from 24th December *79 12 3

1785 to 24th March 1786 — To D*, for D*, from 25 th March to 186 17 2»,

23d June 1786 — — To D*, for D°, from 24th June to 2 2d September 1786 — — To D°, for D#, from 23d September to *5* l6 —

148 6 5

22d December 1786 — — 183 17 11

Deduct, issued pursuant to the Secretary at War’s Letter of 9th July 1786, and voted in the Account of Extraordinaries for the Year 1786 —

*>153 5 4

25th, To Sir Rob' Pigot, for Coals, for the Use of the Sick of the 38th Regiment of Foot, in the Hospital at ' Windsor, from 25th October 1785 to 10th 1786 — —

May 9th* To Lord Elphinstone, for providing Coals, Candles, for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 23d December 1786 to 23d March 1787 30th. To Henry Henderson, for providing and repairing Uten-fds, and for fumishing Coals and Candles, for the Forces in the Barracks at &ca.

June 12th. Ho Andrew Clinton, Esquire, on Account, to enable him to provide Coals and Candles, for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Plymouth Dock — 20th. To Governor P. As. Irving, for providing D°, for the Forces in Upnor Castle, from 25th December 1783 to 24th December 1784 — — —

To D°, for D° Service, from 25th December 1784 to 24th December 1785 — — —

To D*, for D° Service, from 25th December 2785 to 24th December 1786 — — —

July nth. To Andrew Clinton, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, and Utensils, for the Forces in the Citadel of Plymouth, Sx Nicholas Island, &c". from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — —

To John Sor ell, for Candles supplied for the Forces in the Island of Jersey, from 25th March 17 86 to 24th March 1787 — — —

To Nicholas Fiott, for Coals supplied for the Use of the Forces at Jersey, from 29th September 1786 to 24th March 1787 — — —

To E. B. De la Fontaine, for supplying additional Companies and Recruits of the Foot Guards in the Savoy Barracks, with Coals and Candles, between the 25th December 1786 and 25th June 1787 —

ToLieur. Governor Singleton, for furnishing D% for the Forces in Landguard Fort, from D° to D* — To J. Darwin, for providing Coals, Candles, Off*, for the Use of the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and

A \ 1788.

218 6 5 616 13 2

35° ——

138 16 3

18th.

653 5 4

— 30 —

— ’ — 182 1 2

66 8 3

700 —

43 2 —

17 !9 —

8 8 3

267 a 3

84 2 6

260 16 —

279 5 8

104 i 2

Clifirf*

L 11

i8 Geo.

Dates of W arrant i.

1787.

July 25th.

September 5th;

ifth*

October 3d.

31st.

March 28 th.

1785. May 25 th.

1786. September 6th.

1787. June 20th.

tit

10"

Martiu

Clifford’s Fort, from 25th December 1785 to 24th

June 1786 — — — 35 14 6

To J. Darwin, for providing Coals, Candles, £sV*. for the Use of the Forces at Tynemouth Barracks and Clifford’s Fort, from 25th June 1786 to 24th December following — — 42 4 i

To Edward Kent, Esquire, for providing Coals, Candles, Brooms, &c*. for the Use of the Forces at Chatham Barracks, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — — — 424 iji 8

To Lord Amherst, for supplying Coals and Candles

to the Troops in the IQand of Guem from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — — 222 6 4

To George Leith, Junior, for providing Coals, Candles,

Brooms, (Ac*. for the Use of the Forces in the Barracks at Deal, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — — — — 1-81 17 —

To Lord Elphinftone, for providing Coals, Candles,

&V*. for the Forces in Edinburgh Castle, from 24th

March to 22d June 1787 — — 153 _

To John Gore, Esquire, for divers Necessaries, furnished by him for the Foot Guards in the Tower, for Six Months, to Michaelmas 1787 — — 33$ 10

To D°, for sundry Utensils, &c". furniftied by him for

D*, for One Year, to D° — — 81 17 4

To William Merry, Esquire, being His Majesty’s Proportion of 687 Chaldrons of Coals, landed at braltar, between the aoth April and 2d September 1787 — — — 1,064 17 —

To D°, for the extra Charge of Freight on D° Coals - 206 2 —

To Colonel George Lord Rivers, for the Marches, &V. of the Dor* fetshire^ Militia, from 25th December 1782 to 14th of March 1783 — —

To Colonel Henry Maister, for D* of the East Riding York D", from 25th December 1782 to 24th March 1783 — — —

To the Representatives of Colonel Blackwell, for D° of the North Gloucester D°, from 25th December 1781 to 24th June 1782 —

To D°, for D° of D° Militia, from 25th June to 24th December 1782 — —

To D°, for D° of D# Militia, from 25th December 1782 to 25th March 1783 —

— 106 6 8

— 263 15 —

T *77 " 9

— 260 3 6

" 75 17

To George Lord Rivers, Colonel of the Militia, for sundry

Claims, on Account of the said Regiment —

To Henry Maister, Colonel of the East Riding of York Militia, for sundry D°, on Account of the said Regiment — —

To the Representatives of Colonel for fun-

dry D°, on Account of the North Gloucester Regiment of Militia — —

234 1 9

— 576 — 5

~ 929 *4 5

To Lieut. General Robertson, to replace sundry Accoutrements of the 16th Regiment of Foot, which were taken by the Enemy, or loft on attual Service in America,during the late War — 89 8 6

To Lieut. General Fletcher, to replace sundry D* of the 35th Regiment of Foot, lost or destroyed on Service, or taken by the Enemy, in the Course of the late War in North America and The Indies 284 3 —

To the Earl of Eglintoune, for the Value of sundry Accoutrements of the 51st Regiment of Foot, which were delivered up to the Enemy on the Capitulation of the Garrison of Minorca — 348 3 3

March 28th, To make good deficient Off-reckonings of sundry Regiments of Foot, and of die Companies belonging to the Castles in North Britain,

347

*>376 4 6

I83 14 2

U739 16 1

721 *4 9

for

348 20° Mar Hit

Dates of WarrariH.

*787- , >

for several Periods, between 25th 'December 1784 and February

1786 — -- — — 4)55° 5 1

June 12th. To General Lambton, to make good the deficient Offreckonings of the 68th Regiment of Foot, to 5th July 1784 — — — 203 17 10

April $thk To Lieutenant Henry Bowen, of the invalids, for Bat and Forage Money, due to him as Enfigh in the 16th Regiment bf Foot, on Ser-

19th.

Juni 7 th.

November 21ft.

vice in America, in the Years 1780 and 1781 To Captain Herbert Gwynne , for Forage, as

Major of Brigade, during the Campaigns 1780 and 178!

To the Agent of the late 89th Regiment of Foot, to be paid over to the Officers of the said Regiment, for Bat and Forage Money To Lord Heathfield> for Money in lieu bf Forage to

the General and Staff Officers and Officers of the Hospital, employed at Gibraltar, from June 1779 to June 1783 — ~

To D6, for Money in lieu of D° to several temporary extra Staff Officers, employed at D°, from D" to D° = — — —

— 15 18 4

— 40 ——

— 55°

12

2,966 1$ —

1784. October 4th.

1787. January 3d.

— 2,740 2 —

ToLord Hinton, for providing divers Camp Necessaries for the East Devon Militia, for the Year 1782 — — 228 13 —

To Major General Roy, for his contingent Disbursements as Deputy Quarter Mailer General, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786 — . —

10th. To Sir Wm Fawcett, for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th June 1786 to 24th December following — - —

To It'ilfr Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, for the Year 1784 — —

17th. To Lieut. General Morrison, for his contingent Expences as Quarter Mailer General, from 25th June

1786 to 24th December following — —

To the Reverend Wm for One Year’s Relit of the Minister’s House in the hired for the Use of the Forces there, to 24th December 1786 —

February 14th. To Major General Fownjend, for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from 25th June 1786 to 24th December following -To Lieut. General Majfey, in Consideration of the Expences incurred by him through his successful Exertions in Ireland, to promote the Recruiting Service, in the Course of the late War 18th. To Major General being the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures on the Recruiting Service, for Six Months, to 24th December 1786 — —

March 7th. To Lieut. Governor John Campbell, for the extra Expences peculiar to his Command as Lieut. Governor of Plymouth, from 25th December 1785 to 24th Decembet 178 6 — — —

*2d. To Colonel Williamson, for his contingent Expences as Deputy Adjutant General, from 25th December 1785 to 24th December 1786 — —

To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to reimburse the Effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made out of their Pay, from 25th June to 24th December 1786 — — ___

April 25th. To Rich4 Tayler, Esquire, Secretary to the Committee for Army Accounts, for the contingent Disbursements of the said Committee, to 24th March

1787 — — —

May 16th, To Colonel Vallancey, Director and Major of the

Corps of Engineers in Ireland, as a Reward for the Services he has performed, and the Progress he has made in a Military Survey of that Kingdom

214 4 —

265 $ —

1,461 7 x

154 4 — 42 2 —

236 12 6

— ° — Ij426 ——

of

te-

'/S -

— 246

103 —

154 4 —

1,016 14 —

201 14 10

— 1,000 —

A. 1788,

4»754 2 11

6,3*3 7 4

To

1

a8 Geo. Ill

T»

20° Ma‘

Dates of Warrants.

1787. Afey 16th.

lift.

27 th.

7«ly 4th. nth.

18 th.

August 16 th.

September 19th.

t

October 17th. 24th.

November 14th. December 19th.

To Wm Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for fee-pairs, (Ac9, of the Foot Guards RQoms, Orderly Rooms, and Sutlers, Somerset House Barracks and Recruit House, in the Year 1784 — s —

To Messrs. Eyre and Strabate, for Paper, Printing, (Ac*, several Acts of Parliament for the better Government of the Forces, delivered to the Secretary at War — — —

T o Helena Maria Theresa Timber lake. Widow of Henry

Timberlake, late a Lieutenant in the 42d Regiment of Foot, being His Majesty’s Bounty, in Consideration of her Sufferings and Distresses, and to enable her to return to her Native Country, America — To the Agents of the Three Regiments of Foot Guards, to reimburse the Effective Private Men of the said Regiments the Deduction of Poundage made from their Pay, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — — —

To Leonard Morje, Esquire, for carrying on for One Year, to Midsummer 1787, a progressive Lift.of the Commissions of all the Officers in the Army — To Vincent Wood, Esquire, Surgeon to the Forces, for the Expences of a vexatious and malicious Suit brought, under a Pretence of false Imprisonment, against him while acting wholly in the proper Execution of his Duty — — —

To Sir JVm Fawcett, K. B. for the contingent Expences of the Office of Adjutant General, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — —

To Major General Townjend, for his contingent Expences as Superintendant of the Recruiting Service, from D° to D* — — —

To D®, being the Amount of his general Account of Expenditures, on D* Service, for Six Months, to

To Lieut. General Morrison, for his contingent Expences, as Quarter Matter General, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 — —

To Colonel Williamson, for his D°, as Deputy Adjutant General in South Britain, from 25th December 1786 to 24th June 1787 —; — —

To George Gamier, Esquire, Apothecary General, for the Balance due to him for Medicines, Instruments, and Materials, furnished for the Use of the Forces, in the Year 1786 — — —

To James Malcolm, Lieut. Governor of ShcerneJs, to reimburse him the Expences of a vexatious and malicious Suit, brought against him as Lieutenant Governor of the said Garrison ——

To John Charlton, Esquire, Agent to the Inspector General of Regimental Infirmaries, on Account for sundry contingent Disbursements for Hospitals, (Ac9. To Colonel Charles Stuart, late Lieut. Colonel of the 26th Regiment of Foot, to reimburse hirrt the Expences of a vexatious and malicious Suit, brought against him by a Private Man of the said Regiment, under a Pretence of false Imprisonment — -To Charles Stedman, in Compensation for his Trouble and Attendance in the Examination of the several Claims for Property taken or destroyed by the British Army in America, during the late War — To fVm Rice, Esquire, Surveyor of the Guards, for Work done in Repairs of the Horse and Foot Guards, in the Year 1785 — —

1,151 11 8

202 6 8

100 — —

1,143 13 4 103 3 "

46 19 4 266 6 — 252 18 6

254 11 5 184 4 — 78 3 —

427 1 10

80 14 9 1,000 — —

V

239 ~ 2

266 13 4 2,156 19 3

PAYMENTS on Account of the Forces in the East Indies.

January 25th. To sundry Agents, for the Accommodation at the Captain’s Table of several Subaltern Officers, who are ordered to embark for the East Indies - 564 11 —

Vol. XLIII. 4 u

349

14,704 18 II

To

20° Mar tit.

Dates of Warrants.

V 1787-

February 10th.

A. 1788.

March 12th. 27th.

May 15th.

29th. August 9th. 13th. November 5 th.

To sundry Agents, for the Accommodation, at the Captain’s Table of several Subaltern Officers, who are ordered to embark for the East Indies — — To Messrs. Meyrick, for D® Service — —

To Maitland Maitland, Surgeon of the East India Ship The Francis, for Medicines and Attendance on Detachments sent Home from the Regiments serving in the East Indies — — —

To Meftrs. Bisjhopp and Brummell, for the Accommodation at the Captain’s Tabic of Ensign Mackenzie, ordered to embark for the East Indies To D#, for D® of Ensign Fi ordered to embark 1 for D* ——

To Messrs. Cox, Cox, and Greenwood, for D® of Cornet Brabazon, ordered to embark for D® — - —

To Messrs. Bisjhopp and Brummell, for D® of Lieutenant Maxwell, ordered to embark for D® — To Richard Daft on. Surgeon of the East India Ship The Fhccnix, for Medicines and Attendance on Detachments sent Home from the Regiments serving in the East Indies — — —

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in

the East Indies, for the Year 1786 To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Regiment, for the Year 1787 To the Agent of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1786 To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Regiment, for the Year 1787 To the Agent of the 5 2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsist-

204 14 6

— ~ 2,397 8 4

27 9 —

— — 6,054 17 —

the East Indies, for the Year 1784 To D®, on Account of Subsistence of *37 5 —

D® Regiment, for the Year 1785 To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Regiment, 136 17 6

for the Year 1786 — — To D®, on Account of D® of D® 727 18 6

Regiment, for the Year 1787 — To the Agent of the 71st Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment serving in 4»77° 10 8

the East Indies, for the Year 1786 To D®, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of that Regi- 190 8 —

ment, for the Year 1787 — — 3> 443 19 2

— — 82 17 > —

127 15 —

To the Agent of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment, for the Year 1785 To D®, on Account of Subsistence of D® Regiment, for the Year 1786 To D°, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of D® Regiment, for the Year 1787 — — 2,279 15 10

To the Agent of the 73d Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence and Recruiting of that Regiment serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1786 To D®, on Account of D® of D® Regiment, for the Year 1787 To the Agent of the late 98th Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment lately serving in the East Indies, for the Year 1785 — — 456 3 6

— — 1,070 ——

— 4,058 14 4

To

Geo. Ill

351

20° Martii.

To the Agent of the late ioad Regiment of Foot, on Account of Subsistence of that Regiment lately serving in the East Indies, for the

Year 1785 — — 358a 14 4

----- ----- --- 26,549 7 8

To the Clothier of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, for 365 Days Net Off-reckonings of that Regiment,

’ to 24th December 1786 — — To D®of the 36th Regiment of Foot, for 365 I>ays D° of 10 Companies 2,251 IO II

of that Regiment, to D® — -To D° of the 521I Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D® of 10 Companies 3,120 9

of that Regiment, to D® — — To D® of the 7 ift Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D® of 10 Companies 3,120 *9 3

of that Regiment, to D® — To D®of the yad Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D® of io Companies of that Regiment, to D® — — To D®of the 73d Regiment of Foot, for 365 Days D® of 10 Companies 3,120 19 3

3,120 l9 3

of that Regiment, to D® — 2,232 12 5

16,968 — 4

— 1,207 16

— — i*i77

— 1,177 —

To the Agent of the 19th Regiment of Dragoons, on Account of 365 Days Arrears of the Officers of that Regiment, to 24th December

1785 — —

To D® of the 36th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D° of that Regiment, to D®

"To D° of the 52d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D° of that Regiment, to D® —

To D® of the 71st Regiment of Foot, on Account of 36c Days D® of that Regiment, to D® — — >,234 15 1

To D° of the 72c! Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment, to D4 — — 1,155 1* *

To D® of the late 98 th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment, to D®

To D° of the late 100th Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment of Foot — 1,084 18 5

To D® of the late 101st Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D° of that Regiment, to To D® of the late io2d Regiment of Foot, on Account of 365 Days D® of that Regiment, to D®

— 1,055 3 2

— 1,092

— 1,092 2 5

10,276 17 11

55,168 7 n

480,058 3 4

N. B. When Remittances are made from the Public will have Credit, in a future Account of Extraordinaries, for the above-mentioned Sums issued to the Agents and Clothiers of sundry Corps serving in T be East Indies.

War Office, Soth March 1788.

Geo. Tenge.

TOWARDS

35*

2o° Martii. 1788.

TOWARDS the Account of Extraordinaries of the Army, incurred and paid, from the 25th of December 1786 to the 24th of December 1787, may be applied the following Sums; viz'.

Amount of Stoppages detained for Victualling the Forces in Neva Scotia, between 24th August 1786 and 24th April 1787 ——

Amount of D' detained for Victualling the Forces in Canada, between 24th 1786

and 25th July 1787 - —

Amount of D° detained for Victualling the Forces in the Indies, between 24th August 1786 and 24th August 1787 — — — * —

Amount of Net Subsistence, paid by Mr. Williams, Deputy Paymaster in Nova Scotia, between 24th ORober 1786 and 24th June 1787 — — —

Amount of D°, paid by Mr. Boone, Deputy Paymaster in Canada, between 24th

1786 and 24th ORober 1787 - —

Amount of D®, paid by Mr. Phipps, Deputy Paymaster in the fVejl Indies, between D°

2,943 *6 3 6,502 3 7 5,128 14 9

">543 4 -9>277 19 6 7>657 6 9

43>°53 4 10

War Office, 20th March 1788.

Geo. T

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty's

Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1788.

For 366 Day*.

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for 366 Days, from the 25th December 1787 to the 24th December 1788, inclusive — Allowance to One Officer of the Reduced Horse — — — For Allowances to Five Private Gentlemen of the 3d and 4th Troops of Horse Guards, at £. 10 per Annum each — — — For Allowances to Twelve Private Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, at 7 d. per Diem each — — — 45 15 — 50 128 2 172,776 3 — 1 223 17 —

I- i73>°°°

War Office, 20th March 1788. Geo. Tonge.

ESTI mate

28 Geo. III.

2o° Martii.

353

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Hospital, for the Tear 1788.

20,059 Out Pensioners, at 5 d.per Diem, from the 25th December 1787 to the 24th December 1788, deducing for Pensions unclaimed, £. 2,737* 7* 6 — —

401 Letter Men, at 1 s. per Diem each ——

31 Serjeants, at 9 d. per Diem each ——

20,491

To the Collectors of Excise, for paying Out Pensioners — To Agents Clerks — — — — .

To Agent of Out Pensioners, per Annum — —

For Relit of a House for examining Out Pensioners —

From which deduct, out of Poundage on Out Pensioners —

Deduct already voted on the Estimates of the Guards and Garrisons, and of the Horse Guards and Horse Grenadier Guards, for the Year 1788 ——

In all to be made good for 1788 — , —

1,469 8 —

507 18 — 1,000 — — 200 — —

3.177 6 —

1,200 ——

- J£-

150,212 10 — 7,338 6 --

425 9 6

157,976 5 6

1,977 6 —

*59*953 11 6 8,487 5 6

151,466 6 —

War Office, 20th March 1788.

Geo. Tenge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said

Hospital, for the Year 1788.

¥ ay per Annum for 476 Military Officers and Private Soldiers Cloathing for D* ——

Salaries of Governor and other Officers — —

Board Wages and Table for D° — —

Surgeon and Apothecary — —

Repairs, Ordinary and Extraordinary — —

Tradesmen ——

Provisions - —

Contingencies and other Extraordinaries — —

Deduct out of Poundage on Out Pensioners for 1788 —

In all to be made good for 1788 —

1,266 7 9

— 911 7 5

— 3,821 9 —

— 493 10 —

— / I>925 3 9

— 4j28i

— 3,814 19 91

— 8,429 6 7

— 3»423 11 4i

28,366 15 9

6,000 ——

22,366 15 9

War Office, 20th March 1788.

Geo. Tonge.

Vol. XLIII.

4 X

ESTIMATE

A. 1788.

54

2o° Mar tit.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s

American Forces, for the Year 1788.

----- --- — — U - . ' -»-

For Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces* for 366 Days, from 25th December

1787 to the 24th December 1788, both Days inclusive -» — ___

Allowances to Officers of D#, per Annum - — ___

55,09a 10 — 4,907 10 —

In all for 1788

£. 60,000 — —

War Office* aoth March 1788,

Geo. T

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade in the

Service of the States General, fot the Year 1788k

-4,

For Reduced Officers of the late Scotch Brigade, for 366 Days, from 25th December 1787 to the 24th December 1788 - 3,392 14 2

War Office, 20th March 1788.

Geo. Tonge.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the

Year 1788.

Numbers. Rank of their late Husbanda. Rate of Pension. Charge.

32 Widows of — Colonels — — each £.S0 1,600 — —

25 — — Lieutenant Colonels — — 40 1,000 — —

23 — — Majors — — — - 30 690

149 — — Captains — — — 26 3,874

171 — — Lieutenants — — — 20 3,420

136 — — Ensigns, &c. — — — l6 2,176

1 — — Physician’s Widow — — — — 30

537 Widows for 1788 - 12,790 —

The Amount of 12 d.in the Pound, allowed to the Pay matter of the Pensions above dated - Salary of Deputy Paymaster, per Ann. — — — In all — 639 IO — IOO 739 10 — 13,529 10 —

From which deduct the following Sums already voted: Voted on the Estimate of Guards and Garrisons 1788 Dc — on the Estimate of the Four Troops of Horse and Grenadier Guards, from 25th December 1787 to 24th June 1788, being 183 Days — — — D* — for Marine Companies — — — 2,629 10 182 — 4 739 12 7 3>SS° 15 9

Remains to be provided — £ 9>978 14 ,3

N. B. In the 136 above-mentioned are included the Widows of Cornets, Second Lieutenants, Chaplains, Adjutants, Quarter Matters, Surgeons, and of the Solicitors of the Foot Guards, whose Pensions are of the same Rate as that of an Ensign’s Widow.

War Office, 20th March 1788.

Geo. Tonge.

Ordered,

28 Geo. III. 20° Martii — 30 355

Petition from Poole respecting the Slave ffrade.

Ordered, That the said Account and Estimates do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Petition of the Merchants and principal Inhabitants of the Town and County of the Town of was presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion j and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

And then the House adjourned till this Day Fortnight, the 3d Day of April next. Ten of the Clock in the Morning.

Consideration whereof the House ordered that Leave should be given to affix Notice of the Application to Parliament for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Waste Lands, upon Three Sundays in the Month of March then next ensuing; and that Notices were accordingly affixed upon the Door of the Church of the said Parish agreeably to the said Order: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parish of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Henniker, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Jovis., 30 dAprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

J^BILL for the more effectual Relief of the Poor,

Bill for the

moreefftaua1 jr^ was rea(j a Second Time.

Poor com- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rolle,

mitted. Mr. Bastard, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

Lord P»t- Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to B^repofted* w^om ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, and passed. An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late Hugh Lord Viscount Falmouth, situate in the Borough of Tregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Sir Francis Buffet, Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true } and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass. 1

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Petition signifying that Notices had been given of the Application for inclosing Compton Martin Waste Lands.

A Petition of Sir John Henniker, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Petition was presented to the House upon the 8th Day of February last, signed by the Petitioner as Lord of the Manor of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset, as well On Behalf of himself as of all Persons having Right of Common in Compton Martin aforesaid, praying, that Leave might be given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the said Parish, which Petition was referred to the Consideration of a Committee, who were directed to examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, as it Should appear to them, to the House j and that, upon the 25th Day of the same Month, a Report was made from the said Committee, that they had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 2j;th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had not been complied with, for Reasons which were stated in the Report, in

The Lord Milford reported from the Committee, to Pembroke whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, *oadt^,eutio* and others, of the County of Pembroke, was referred; *

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1,774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Patrick Mackennell being examined, said, That he knows the Road described in the Petition; that the same is in a ruinous Condition, and in some Parts very narrow and' incommodious, and cannot be properly amended, widened, and kept in Repair by the ordinary Course of Law.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke: And that the Lord Milford and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour t«i«h Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for impowering the Lord Provost,

Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Adam Ferguffon, the Lord Advocate of Scotland, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Bolton Road* Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain mitte ‘

Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the

Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster; and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to Winwick, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-burne, Mr. Thomas Stanley, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

5 Mr.

3° — 4° Aprilis. A. 1788.

Biiire'orted* Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom *nd pXd! ’ the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Elijha Bifcoe, Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of his late Father Elijha Bifcoe, Esquire, deceased, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

ExpiringLiw* Ordered, That a Committee be appointed, to enquire pointed!*'*w^at ^aws are exP>red> or near expiring; and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued.

And a Committee was appointed of Mr. Rose, Mr. Gilbert, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

the Counties in which they shall reside, in certain Cafes: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter Pont Stephen, in the County of Cardigan, and from Llandovery, in the County of Carmarto Lampeter Pont Stephen aforesaid, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Watkin Lewes, See.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March, One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Marciiwiei Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, to whom rtpottfd!1 for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Wor then bury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of 'Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bt ingrossed.

Produce of The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from Tax!* pr*. the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called

fcmed. in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Net Produce of all the Taxes, from the 5th of January 1786 to the 5th of January 1787; and from the 5th of January 1787 to the 5th of January 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Bill to enable Sir William Codringtonpatented to the House, ac-

justices to act cording to Order, a Bill to enable Justices of the tit! in which' Peace, being in the Coinmidion of the Peace for more th*y reside, Counties tltfn one, to act as such out of the Limits of

presented.

V mens, 40 die;

Anno 28® Georgii III,a Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Mr. Townshend presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

N° 1. Copy of a Representation of the Lords Commissioners for Trade and Plantations to His Majesty, upon a Memorial of the Governor of Georgia, dated Whitehall, 9th November 1772: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Mr. Stuart, Superintendant (or Indian Affairs, dated Whitehall, (pda December 1772: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Sir James Wright, Baronet, dated , 12th

December 1772: And also,

N° 4. Copy of a Letter from D" to D®, dated Whitehall, 6th January 1773: And also,

N° 5. Extract of a Letter from Sir James,

Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah, 24th March 1773: Inclosing,

N° 6. Extract from Sir James Wright’s Speech to the Council and Assembly of Georgia, ift March U73-

N° 7. Extract from the Address of the Upper House of Assembly of Georgia to Sir James Wright, 2d March 1773.

N° 8. Copy of the Rei'olution of the Commons House of Assembly of Georgia, for an Address to Sir James Wright, Baronet, ift March 1773: And also,

N° 9. Extract of a Letter from Sir James Wright, Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmout, dated Savannah, 8 th April 1773: And also,

N° 10. Copy of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Sir James Wright, Baronet, dated Whitehall, iotia April 1773: And also,

N° 11. Extract of a Letter from D° to D®, dated Whitehall, 10th June 1773: And also,

N° 12. Copy of a Letter from Sir James Wright, Baronet, and Mr. Stuart, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah, 14th June 1773 " Inclosing,

2 N° ij.

Carmarthen and Llandovery Road* Bill committed.

Militia Pay Bill dtferreds

Instructions, &c. given to Sir James Wright relative to Lands ceded by the Creek and Cherokee Indians presented.

28 Geo. III.

4° A prills.

N° 13. Copy of Treaty and Deed of Cession of Lands from the Cherokee and Creek Indians.

N° 14. Copy of a Release and Discharge from the Traders to the Indians.

N° 15. Copy of Declaration and Discharge from the Traders against any Claim on the Crown or Province on Account of their Debts and Demands, &c.: And also,

N° 16. Extract of a Letter from Sir ’James Wright, Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah, . 17th June 1773; And also,

N° 17. Extract of a Letter from D° to D®, dated Savannah, 10th August 1773: inclosing,

N° 18. Copy of a Proclamation.

N° 19. Copy of Notice given by Sir Wright, Baronet, to Persons who had traded with the Indians, to deliver in an Account of their re-fpc#ive Debts and Demands: And also,

N® 20. Extra# of a Letter from the Earl of Dartmouth to Sir James Wright, Baronet, dated Whitehall, 28th ORober 1773: And also,

N® 21. Extra# of a Letter from Sir James Wright, Baronet, to the Earl of Dartmouth, dated Savannah, 27 th December 1773.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Scotia, in America, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789: And also.

357

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Neva in Ame-

rica, from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789: And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789:

And also,

Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America,. from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789 And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the ift of April 1788 to the ift of April 1789: And also,

Estimate of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of " the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June " 1788 to the 24th of June 1789 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Salary to the Chief Justice of tc the Island of Dominica, from the ift January 1788 " to the ift January 1789:" And also,

Estimate for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th of ORober 1787 to the 10th of ORober 1788: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Totals of the Estimates for the Civil Establishments of the Colonies for the ,c Year 1788."

And the Titles of the said Estimates and Papers were read.

The said Estimates and Papers are as followeth; viz.

New Bj unf-wick.

St. John's Itfand.

Cape Breton#

Newfound-

land.

Bahama

Inlands.

Bermuda

Islands.

Dominica.

New South Wales.

Totals of the Estimates.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor ——

Chief Justice — — . — — —

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council — —

Naval Officer — — . — —

Surveyor General of Lands ——

Treasurer ——

Allowance to a Bishop — — — — 700 — —

D° for anArrear due to the present Bishop, from the ift August 1787,10 the 31st

December following — — — 293 8 6

To Allowance to Ministers ——

To Allowance towards building Two additional Churches and Parsonage Houses in the new Townships settled by the Leyalifts — — —

A Missionary to the German Inhabitants who have joined the Church of England —

Mrs. How’s Annuity ' - —

Allowance to the Superintendant of the Fishery — — X-

D° on Account foi* Fees on the Receipt and Audits of Grants — L-

D° to the Reverend Mr. Bennet, whole Services, as Missionary to the Indians, have been very meritorious, and who, by a Paralytick Stroke, is rendered incapable of performing his Duty; his Living having been given by the Society to another Missionary, he is now reduced to the utmost Poverty and Distress — — —

Allowance to the late Register, whose Office is united to that of Secretary, till otherwise provided for — — — — . —

£. 1,000 500 150 250

100

150

5®

200-

993

740

J».QOQ

7 S 100

100

200

8 6

100

*36

17 6

£. 5,845 6 —

Vol. XLIII,

4 Y

ESTIMATE

358

4* Apr

A. 1788*

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying th& fcivil Establishment of the Province of in America, from the 24th of Jane 1783 to the 24th of June 1789.

T

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor —

Chief Justice ' — —

Salary to Three Assistant Judges, £, 300 each —

Attorney General — —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer — — -

Surveyor General of Lands —

Agent ——

To Stipends and Allowances to Ministers —

TO an Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies

1,060 ——

500 — — 900 — —

1 CO — . —

2 50 — —

IOO — —

150.^----

I50 ——

600 ——

50O ——

jC- 4>3°° ——

> — . fa... m, A, S

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint , in America,

from the ift of January 1788 to the lft of January 1789.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor - — *

Chief Justice ——

Attorney General ——

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council —

Naval Officer ——

Provost Marshal ——

Minister ——

Surveyor General — — —

Agent ——

To an Allowance for Contingencies ——

D’, on Account, for the Receipt and Auditing — — -

D® to the late Clerk of the Crown, and Coroner, until otherwise provided for D to the late Clerk of the Council, until otherwise provided for —

jr. 5oo

— 300 *

— - 100

— 150

— 100 — —

— 100 — — *

— 70 "

— IOO — —

— IOO — ~ —

— ,30

— 100 — —

— 90

— 60

- £ I>9°°

ESTIMATE of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of , in America, from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789.

The Salary of the Lieutenant Governor — —

-Chief Justice — —

-Attorney General — —

Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council Naval Officer — —

Provost Marshal — —

Minister — —

Surveyor General — - —

Agent — —

Allowance upon Account for unforefecn Contingencies —

jr. 500

_ 300

IOO

-- 15°

— IOO —

- IOO

IOO — — '

r - IOO —

150 —

— 500 —

£. 2,100 —

estimate

28 Geo. lit

4‘

359

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to pay tiic Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers id the Iflarid

of Newfoundland, from i ft. Apr 1788 to ift April 1789.

Salary of the Governor -i , —

Governor’s Secretary — Judge of the Admiralty — Naval Officer —

Agent — —

On Account; for Fees on the Receipt and Audit

£. ;oo — — 182 10 — -200 — — IOO — - — IOO — - — IOO — —

£. 1,182 10 —

ESTIMATE of the Sums necessary to support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama in Addi-

tien to the Salaries now paid to the Public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and Other incidental Charges attending the fame, frotii the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789.

Additional Salary to the Governor ——

Chief Justice ——

Salary to Two Affiftaht judges, £;200 Annum each — Secretary, Register, and Clerk of the Council — —

Provost Marshal ——

Attorney General — - — — .

Naval Officer — - — ~ -

Miriifter ~ —

Salary to the Minister at Harbbur Island and Eleuthera — t)* to Two Missionaries to the other Wands — — —

D° to the Surveyor General of Lands — — —

Allowance for the Maintenance of a VdTel for the Service Of Government Salary to the Agent - . —

Allowance on Account for unforeseen Contingencies — —

£.266

500

400

t$ o 150 150 150 70 70 140 -ip

700 -

IJO -

00 -

£. 4,080 — — <

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Sothers IJLihds, from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789 — _ _ — —

Fees on Receipt —

£.5dO — — 80 ——

£. 58o -

SALARY

Estimate of Navy Debt prclented*

4° Aprilis.

A\ 1788.

SALARY to the Chief Justice of the I (land of Dominica, from the ift January 1788 to the'ift January 1789 - — £.600

To cease when a Salary shall be provided by the Legislature of the Island.

ESTIMATE for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th of October

1787 to the 10th of October 1788.

Allowance to the Governor — — —

Lieutenant Governor — —

Deputy Judge Advocate — —

Commissary — — —

Provost Marshal — —

Chaplain — — —

Surgeon — —

Three Mates, each £.91.5 — '

Surveyor of Lands — — -

Agent — — —

Upon Account, for Payment of Fees upon the Receipt and Audit

£. 1,000 ——

250 "

182 IO

182 10

91 5

182 10

182 10

273 15

182 10

150 —

200 —

I ^877 10 —

TOTALS of the ESTIMATES.

Nova Scotia New BrunJwick Saint John Cape Breton Newfoundland Bahama JJlands Bermuda Dominica

New South Wales

£, 5,845 6 —

4,300 ——

1,900 —; — >

2,100 —: ---

I,l82 IO —

4,080 ——

580 — -

60O -

2,877 IO ---

£ 23>465 6 7"

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Papers do lie An Estimate of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the as it stood on the 31st December 1787.

House. And the Title of the said Estimate was read.

The said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

£ Navy;

iS Geo. Ill

4

6'

36*

Navy Office, 1 An ESTIMATE of the Debt Of His Majesty's Navy* on the Heads hereafter 4th February 17&S.J mentioned, as it stood on the 31st December 1787.

Heads of the Naval Estimates.

Particulars.

Wear and Tear, Ordinary, Extra Repairs, and Transports.

4

Total.

Due to pay off and discharge all the Bills registered on the Course 0! the Navy for Stores, Freight of Transports. &c*. supplied for the Service thereof -»- — — — |803,j9j *S

For Freight of Transports and Tenders, and for Stores delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards, &c*. for which no Bills were made out on the aforesaid 31st December 1787, as also to several Bills of Exchange — — — > — j 116,309 5 to

To His Majesty’s several Yards and Rope Yards j for the Ordinary

and Extraordinary - 1*27,1711 — —

For Half Pay to Sea Officers according to an Establishment made by his late Majesty in Council on thit Behalf — - — 1109,764 — —

Seamen’s Wages.

Due to pay the Men unpaid on Books of Ships paid Off *- — 1609,48a 7 —

To Ships in Sea Pay on the aforesaid 31st December 1787 — 1284,925 7 7

To discharge and pay off all Bills entered in Course for Slop Cloaths, I

Bedding for Seamen, Surgeons Necessaries, — — &

Victualling Debt, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners.

1 Due for ffiort Allowance to the Companies of His Majesty’s Ships in

Pay, and which have been paid off — — — -I 3 *

For paying off all Bills entered on their Course — — 1420,789 18 7

For Provisions delivered, and Services performed, for which no

Bills were made out on the 31st December 1787 — — I9»110 *6 *

For Necessary and Extra Necessary Money, Bills of Exchange, and

Contingencies — — — — j 2,974. *2 6

To the Officers, Workmen, and Labourers employed at the several

Ports - 1 10,8 ao*---- j

Sick and Hurt, the Debt of that Office, as per Estimate received from those Commissioners.

Due for Quarters and Cure of Sick and Hurt Seamen, set on Shore from His Majesty’s Ships at the several Ports, and for Prisoners of War, and Contingencies relating to that Office — — . —

The Total amounts to Two Million Seven hundred and Fourteen thousand Eight hundred and Fifty-seven Pounds Seventeen Shillings and Three Pence ——

From thence deducting the Money in the Trea- 7 "1

furers Hands — — — I as on the ( — 1317,956 ia — I

And also the Money that remained to come in I other Side. I I

of the Supplies — — — 3 3 — 1504»25* 3 7i

The Debt will then be One Million Eight hundred and Ninety-two thousand Six hundred and Fifty Pounds One Shilling and Six Pence Half-penny — — — — I ’ — £,

s, di

1,256,841 t 5

924,960 — 7

484,482 ii f

48,574 4 i

N. B. In this Debt is included for Charge of Transports and Army I

Victuallers, between the ift January and 31st December 1787 — 76*669 16 1

And it appears, by an Account received from the Commissioners of the Victualling (which is also included in this Debt) that the Expence of Victuals supplied the Soldiers, between the ift January and 31st December 1787, is — — -

— f 30,080 4

£1106,750 — 9I

2>714,857 *7 3

822,267 15 8f

1,892*650 1 f

Vol.XLIII.

4 *

Ordered,

There was remaining in the Hands of the late and present Treasurers of the Navy, on the 31st December 1787, in Money, as

towards satisfying the aforesaid Debt of the Navy.

under mentioned, and may be reckoned

On the Heads of Total.

In what Treasurer’s Hands. In Money. Wear and Tear, Ordinary, and Transports. Seamen’s Wages. Victuals.

Right honourable Welfare Ellis — — 7 In Money — — — — ] Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 5»354 7 1 *,335 447 3 4 14 9 ✓ i,59* *3 91} — — 8,728 18 ui

Right honourable Barre ' — — 7 In Money — — — — 5 Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 3,289 9 io 4,810 *4 4 31 *7 9 *97 8 ' — — 4,3*2 — 3*

Right honourable Henry Dundas (ift) — 7 In Money — — ' — J Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 3602 ii iij 5>3-9* *3 — t 5 — 5*3 *0 M — — 9,629 — 5*

Right honourable Charles *Townshend — — 7 In Money — — — — 5 Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 3,*45 2 6f 3,5*5 54 9l 11 9 1,246 18 — — 7,961 14 st

Right honourable Henry Dundas (ad Tr" old* Account) — — 1 In Money - f Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen 7>0i5 4 3 5»883 696 ~ ixf 19 6{ 2,588 18 — — 16,184 3 4

Right honourable Henry Dundas (ad Tr* new Account) — — 7 In Money — — - — v — I Ditto towards the Debt for Sick and Hurt Seamen "141,972 2 ij 109,215 5,950 *2 7f l8 2f 1 9,992 1 "} — — 267,140 *4 7f

164,378 17 91 *37,447 3 — I 16,130 11 2f — — 317,956 12 —

j£* *

There remained*on the 31st December 1787, to come in from the Exchequer, of the Supplies of the Year 1787 t- — 504,251 3 l'c

Cha» Middleton. J. Henjlow, Gee, Geo. Rogers, E. Le Gras,

4* Aprilts. A, 1788.

a8 Geo. III. 40 dfrilis. 3^3

Ordered, That the said Estimate do He upon the That Mr. Parry do carry the Bill to the

Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Compton Martin Inclo* Jure Bill ordered.

Maichwiel Road Bill paiftd.

Mr. Henniker reported from the Committee, to whorri Mr. Mortlock presented to the House, according to

the Petition of Sir John Henniker, Baronet, (which was Order, a Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and Yesterday presented to the House) was referred; That lighting, the Town of Cambridge, for removing and the Committee had examined the Matter of the said preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, for widen-Petition; and had dire died him to report the fame, as ing the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the said Town, and for the better supplying the Inhabi-

Cambridge Paving Bill presented.

and afterwards delivered it in Where the same was read; and

tants of the said Town with Water: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for further regulating the Elections of Mem- Scotch Eiee-bers to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James

Report in his Place; at the Clerk’s Table is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That Notices of an Application made to Parliament for an Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the P'arish of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset, were affixed on the Church Door JohnJlo Sir Adam &c.: And they are to

of Compton Martin, on the 9th, 16th, and 23d Days of meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the March last, agreeable to the Leave granted by the Speaker’s Chamber.

House upon the 25th Day of February last.

The House was moved. That the Report which, A Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Bill refjxfting upon the 25th Day of February last, was made from Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ships*."011 the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir John Hen- An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on Goods, com-niker. Baronet, Lord of the Manor of Compton Martin, u Goods, Merchandizes, or Eflefts," and for substi- """k in the County of Somerset, as well on Behalf of himself, tuting other Provisions, for the like Purpose, in Lieu as of all Persons having Right of Common in Compton thereof, was read a Second Time.

Martin aforesaid, was referred, might be again read. Re/olved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alder*

And the same being read accordingly; man Mr. Alderman Wat/on, &c.; And

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands in the Speaker’s Chamber, within the Parish of Compton Martin, in the County

A Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the ChriRehurch Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty Pavin?.Bl.11

of Somerset: And that Mr. Henniker, Mr.

and Mr. Pbelips, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Rrrington’g Divorce Bill committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Esquire,

with Harriet Coren, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses for the said Bill; and also, that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Witnesses.

King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of , in

and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Newnbam, Mr. Mainwaring, &c.: And they are

to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carry- ing of White Allies out of the Realm," might be read. ' »

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

committed*

ippointed

JideisAtl

Dayai to consideriA.# against carrying White Ashes out of the Realm.

The House being informed that Mr. from Account of

ieated.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and

widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of __________a_________________v ,______

Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, the Commissioners of Excise in Scotland, attended at in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of L ‘"J " r J "

Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas,\n the County of Chester, and from Red-

brook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Term, and varying some of the Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel,in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to

a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop.

the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented Rumpre-to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Imports and Exports of Rum, into and from that Part of Great Britain called land, for the Year ending at Christmas 1787; with the Duties and Excise, as well as the Drawbacks, paid thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Brown, from while Fishery the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the ^0 "pre' 6 Door,*

4° — 7°

A. 1788.

Door; Be was called In 5 and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

N° 1. An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which failed from London to the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fishery in the Year 1785: And also,

N* An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which failed from London to the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fishery in the Year 1786: And also,

N° 3. An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, which failed from London to the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fishery in the Year 1787: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, which failed from England to the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fishery, for the Year 1785: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tortrtage, which failed from England to the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fishery, for the Year 1786: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Number of Ships, and their Tonnage, which failed from England to the Greenland and Davis's Streights Fishery, for the Year 1787. And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Biii.Ua ay to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven' hundred and Eighty-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Sadler*Well, Ordered, That the Bill to enable His Majesty to deterred.811 grant Letters Patent for the licensing of the Performance of certain public Entertainments therein mentioned, to be exhibited at the Place called Sadlers Wells, in the Parish of Saint James, in the County of Middlesex, in such Manner as is therein expressed, be read a Second Time upon Monday Seven-night, the 14th Day of this Instant sJpril.

Supply de- Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-ferred. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn-

Mean* defer- ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

fed.

Luna, 7® die Apr >

Anno 28° Georgii III. U Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

SI R Richard Hill presented to the House, according streetintrihii, to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the &c. indofure Common Fields and Waste Lanas within the Ma- Bl11 Prel*n"'1, nors of Streetmarjbal, ‘Tirjmynecb, and in the County of Montgomery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Henniker presented to the House, according to Comptoa Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton ftMed! pre"

in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Milford presented to the House, accord- Merlin’* ing to Order, a Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin’s Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke t And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lord* Mr. Walker: hanpaffed

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for sir Henry diverting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Trusts Clinton’* of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tru" B‘ Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for veiling the same ih another Trustee, upon the same Trusts, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of :his House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Pres-bytery of Aberdeen: And also,

A Petition of the Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council of Dundee, and subscribing Inhabitants of the said Burgh;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally order-v ed to lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from Account of the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the rented!Pl*" House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Sums arising from the Duties on Inhabited Houses, under an Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, which, in pursuance of the said Act, have been paid over, by the Persons appointed to receive the same, to the Receiver General of His Majesty’s Customs, between the 5th of January 1787 and the 5th of January 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

5 Ordered,

Petition* from the Presbytery of Aberdeen, and Prowft, &c. of Dundee, respecting the Slare Trade.

D ized by

Petition from Lord Webb Seymour and others, against Sutton Inclosure Bill.

Member ldded to bring in Spondon In-t cloture Bill.

Spondon In* cloture Bill presented.

Bill to enable Justices to act out of Counties in which they reiidc, committed.

Featherftone Inclosure Bill presented*

28 Geo. III. 70 Aprilis, 3^5

Ordered, That the said A ccount do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the ocher Papers of this Session.

A Petition of the Right honourable Lord Webb Seymour, Thomas Ala erf on, Esquire, the Reverend John Leroo, Clerk, Amey Worrall, Spin (ter, and Rickard Ruffed, and of the several other Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, and Toftsteads, in the Parish of Sutton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read j Setting forth. That the Petitioners, as Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, and Toftsteads, in the said Parish, have Rights of Common upon a certain Common or Common Marsh, called Sutton Common, and upon a certain Common Fen, called Sutton Saint Edmund's Common, and several other Waste and Commonable Grounds lying within the said Parish of Sutton-, and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Leave is given to bring in a Bill for dividing and inclosing the said Commons and Grounds, and, if the same Should pass into a Law, it will be injurious and prejudicial to the Rights and Interests of the Petitioners: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to b$ heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Pecition.

Ordered, That Sir William Codrington be added to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the Petition of several of the Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Lands, and Estates, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in the County of Derby,

Sir William Codrington presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in the County of Derby: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to enable Justices of the Peace, being in the Commission of the Peace for more Counties than one, to act as l’uch out of the Limits of the Counties in which they shall reside, in certain Cafes, was read a Second Time.

Rcfohed, That the Bill be committed.

Rrfclved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rcfohed, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Township of Featherflenc, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Vol. XLIII.

Crlmi, That there be laid before this House, an Arr~».r Account of the Quantities of Irish and Lambs oo , ^ambs Wool, and Woollen or Bay Yarn, imported into England imported, from Ireland, between the 5th of January 1777 and the w " *

5th of January 1788; distinguishing each Year,

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were Report Exylr-

appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near ,n8L4VM-expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had enquired accordingly, and had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followed!;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the several Claul'es in an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King Georg: the First, intituled, "An Act against clar.dtstine Running " of Uncustomed Goods, and for the more eft'eftual preventing of Frauds relating to the Customs," relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea, out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed or put into any other Ship or Vessel, or Boat, and also relating to Goods not reported, and found after clearing Ships, and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas, and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships Outward bound, and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons, or under, and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported, and also relating to Rum imported in Casks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gallons at the lead, and also relating to Cei tificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, respectively, and which, by several subsequent Acts, passed in the 9th Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the 2d, 8 th,

15th, 16th, 20th, 27th, and 33d Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and of the 7th, 14th, and 21It Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the 5th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America, which was to continue in Force from the 25th Day of March 1735 until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 11 th, 19th, 25th, and 33d Years of his laid late Majesty’s Reign, and of the 6th,

14th, and 21st Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 24th Day of June 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee, into and from the BrilijhColonies and Plantations in America,

is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteen!

Year of the Reign of Ins late Majesty King eorge the Second, intituled, "An Act forthc -y :n " nishment of Persons going armed or 1 b;

" Defiance of the Laws of Customs or -

5 A

}<56 70 Aprilis. A. 1788.

tc for indemnifying Offenders against those Laws upon the Terms therein mentioned, and for the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations " upon Seizures," as relates to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise, and to the Relief of Officers of the Customs in Informations upon Seizures, which was to continue in Force for Seven Years, from the 24th Day of 1746, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts of the 2.6th and 3 ad Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and the 4th, nth, 18th, and 26th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 19th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of 1779, and which, by Three Acts, made in the 21ft, 24th, and 26th Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was farther continued until the ift Day of April 1788, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of H is present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the more " effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of " Flax and Cotton in Great ," which was to

continue in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for <c making Allowances to the Dealers in Foreign Wines, " for the Stock of certain Foreign Wines in their Pofsession, at a certain Time, upon which the Duties on. " Importation have been paid, and foramendingfeveral " Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise," as directs that all Spirits shall be deemed and taken to be of the Degree of Strength at which the Hydrometers, called Clarke’s Hydrometer, shall, upon Trial by any Officer or Officers of Excise, denote any such Spirits to be, which was to be in Force until the 5th Day of April 1788, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued, subject to such Alterations and Amendment* as may be made by any Act or Acts to be passed in this Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 16th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An cc Act for allowing the Exportation of certain Quantides of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, and to the Island " of Saint Helena, and to the other Settlements belonging to the United Company of Merchants of " England trading to the East Indies, and of Biscuit " and Pease to Newfoundland, Nova Scotia, Bay Chaleur, and Labrador, and for indemnifying all Per-

" fons with respect to advising or carrying into Execution His Majesty’s Orders of Council, already " made, for allowing the Exportation of Wheat and " other Articles," as relates to allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat and other Articles to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America, which wa3 to continue in Force until the ift Day

of January 1777, and which, by several Acts, made in the 17th, 18th, 19th, 20th, 21ft, 2ad, 23d, 24th, 25th, and 27th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the ift Day of May 1788, and also that so much of the said Act, made in the said 25th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates to allowing the Exportation of a certain Quantity of Wheat and other Articles from the Port of Lancajer to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies- in America, for the Sustenance and Use of the Inhabitants of the said Colonies, which was to be in Force until the ift Day of May 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act, made in the 27 th Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the ift Day of May 1788, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

' Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the 17th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the Book of *c Rates, so far as the same relates to making any ct Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Cur- rants and Raiftns, and for making the Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof, and for explaining the said Rule, with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other Goods, and to " permit the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from <c this Kingdom to the Sugar Colonies or

" Plantations in the West Indies, for a limited Time," as permits the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies, which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by Two Acts, made in the 20th and 23d If ears of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1787, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 26th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain, " amend, and extend to other Tools and 'Utensils, an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act to prohibit " the Exportation to Foreign Parts of Tools and Utensils made use of in the Iron and Steel Manu- fastures of this Kingdom; and to prevent the seducing of Artificers or Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the " Seas," which was to be in Force until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by another Act, made in the 27th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was continued until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the 8th Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act " to prevent the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to prevent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to subject " Copper Ore, of the Production of the British Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated tf Commodities of the like Production are subject,", which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to the ift Day of 1747, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which by an Act, made in the aoth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King 8 George

28 Geo. III.

George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the ift Day of June 1754, but, by Mistake, the Year 1747 was inserted therein, instead of the said -Year 17^4, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the 21ft, 27 th, and 33d Years of the Reign of his said late Majesty, and of the 7th, 14th, and sift Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

The First, Second, Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, and Tenth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were postponed.

The Third, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Resolutions of the Committee, being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the Third, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been agreed to by the House: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mr. Roje, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, that they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the First, Second, Fourth, Fifth, Eighth, and Tenth Resolutions of the said Committee, and which have been postponed.

367

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for divesting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Trusts of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for vesting the same in another Trustee, upon the same Trusts, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release, of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time,

Ordered, That the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Feh, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln, be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 15th Day of this Instant April,

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Paper, intituled, " 31st January 1788, Mailer " of the Mint — Account of Extraordinary Expences incurred in the Year 1787 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 26th 1788, Report

of the principal Officers of the Mint, on the Memorial of the Mailer of the Mint — Extraordinary " Expences for 1787 And also,

A Paper, intituled, " 25th March 1788, Principal " Officers of the Mint, on Memorial of Vernon, " Junior, Solicitor to the Mint, for Allowance of certain Cravings in his Account."

And the Titles of the said Papers were read.

The said Papers are as followeth -, viz.

31st January 1788. MASTER OF THE MINT. ACCOUNT of Extraordinary Expences incurred in the Year 1787.

Sir,

I take Leave to inclose to you my Account for the Year 1787, by which it appears there is a Balance due to me of 24,974. 9, 2{.But having, by my Letter of the nth Instant, requested the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to grant me their Warrant for 829. 3. 6, being the Remain their Lordships are authorized to issue for the Service of the Mint for that Year, and deducing this from the Balance of my Account as above mentioned, there will then remain due to me, for extraordinary Charges incurred in His Majesty’s Mint, the Sum of Twenty-four thousand One hundred Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, which I presume can only be paid to me under special Vote of Parliament. I mull beg you will please therefore to lay the Matter before their Lordships, that such Measures may be taken for this Purpose, as to their Lordships may seem meet. I am,

Sir,

Your most obedient

humble Servant,

Mint Office,

31st January 1788. M and W.

Thomas Steele, Esquire.

Sir Hen. jCl!n« ton’s Tiult Bill read.

Day appointed for Se ond Reading of Sutton Indo-sure Bill.

Papers relating to the Mint presented*

368 7 Aprilis. 1788.

The ACCOUNT of the Earl of Effingham, Matter and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint, within the Tower of London,of all Monies by him had and received out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer, and else-wherej as also of all Monies by him paid and charged for Expences incurred within the said Mint, from the ift Day of January 1787 to the 31st Day of December following, both Days inclusive.

CHARGE.

The said Accountant charges himself with having received, by Way of Imprest, and upon Account, out of His Majesty’s Receipt of Exchequer, within the Time above mentioned, as by Particulars in the Imprest Roll doth appear} \

*7*7-

January 19th. Received out of Coinage Duties April 17. Received out of Coinage Duties

Received out of the Yearly Supplies Received out of the Yearly Supplies

>5-

18.

June

And,

Augujlaad.

57 2 8!

_ — 797 3 8

- — — 8,499 8 5

— 4,270 7 Si

Received Monies out of the Pix, after the Trial thereof made this Day — — —

DISCHARGE.

The said Accountant is discharged by Monies due to and paid by him, and for Charges incurred within the Time of this Account, as followeth , viz'.

To him, the Balance due on his Account ending 31st December 1786 , f To him, his own Salary, for One whole Year —

I for an Afiayer, and a Fireman to his

Allayer — — —

for Three Clerks — —

All by Indenture. for a Purveyor — —

for an Office Keeper — —

To Lewis Pingo, Esquire, Chief Graver —

Mr. John Ralph Ocks, Assistant Graver, to 13th March — — — 17 6 8

More to him, on his Warrant of Superannuation, from 13th March to 25 December — 9818 8

'Mr. John Pingo, Probationer under the Chief Graver, to 13 , and as Assistant to 25

December — — —

_ Mr. John Melton, Probationer under the Chief All by Indenture. Graver, from 13 March to 25 December — Mr. Daniel Kemp, Provost of the Moniers — Mr. Ruben Fletcher Smith, Assistant to Gravers — Mr. John Chambers, Surveyor of the Money Prefles ' — — — 40 — —

More to him —

By Treasury Warrant.

10

Joseph Lucas, Esquire Sir Rob1 Piget, Baronet William Dick, Esquire

For Allowance by Indenture to this Accountant, for his Waste and

Charges in Coining, lbs.

Gold 549*335 Pounds Weight into Guineas, - at 6 lb.

|ii,640 Pounds Weight into Half Guineas, 7 per lb.

Silver

12,040 Pounds Weight into Shillings, -5,745 Pounds Weight into Six Pences,

20 "J r Groats, -

Pounds Weight into ^Pences* 40 J Penies, -

a.

a.

a.

a.

a.

a.

ioi per lb.

2 per lb. 4! per lb.

9J per lb.

per lb.

11 I per lb.

500 — —

125 ——

150 ——

25 ——

25 ——

200 ——

116 5 4

80 ——

62 13 4

IOO ——

40 ——

50 ——

IOO -

5° ——

20 ——

i3»6H 2 3 7,846 2 8

£. 21,470 4 11

11,470 12 3

16,496 7 9

4.583 5 ~

1,128 15 —

622 7 6

2 7 11

2 ’5 5

3 *9 8

7 *7 6

1,643 18 8

21,079 12

1,768 3 — Fo t

For Monies put into the Pix, out of the Coinage C Gold Monies — of this Year — — 1 Silver D° —

lbs.

For over Standard Price paid for 93. 9. 19. 12. Silver, purchased as by Certificate herewith ——

For Fees paid at the Treasury and Exchequer for Warrants, and on Monies received for Service of His Majesty’s Mint, and for other Fees and Allowances incurred, as by Bill of Particulars doth ap-

For Fees and Expences paid on the Trial of Monies in the Pix, as appears also by Bill of Particulars — — —

For necessary Charges to the Persons under-named, for the Particulars expressed in their Bills, within the Time of this Account;

Mr. Augustus Brown — — Refiner — —

Messrs. John Young and Son — Charcoal Men —

Joseph Lucas, Esquire, for Necessaries supplied to the Assay Office — Mr. John Jones, for Sea Coal supplied to the Melting House and Die Press Room ——

Mr. James Morrijbn, Purveyor, for Necessaries by him supplied for the Use of the Mint generally, and other Disbursements — - —

More to him, for fine Copper, used as Allay — —

For paying the Bills of the Artificers under-named, for Materials found, and Works performed, within the Time of this Account, to the several Offices and Buildings used for Coinage i

Mr. Jordan Holland R. Holland Jordan Mitchel Blutherwick Coventry Dennis -Fletcher Fenton Marbro Vardy

Mason —

Bricklayer —

Carpenter —

Plumber — -

Plaisterer —

Furnace Builder Painter —

Glazier —

Smith —

Slater — -

Pavior —

Surveyor —

Imprested to Sir Rob' Pigot, Baronet, Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, to discharge Salaries payable by him, as by Indenture of the Mint, for One whole Year — — —

Imprested more to him, for paying incidental Charges and Allowances, together with the Warden’s Part of the Diet, pursuant to Indenture of the said Mint ——

Imprested more to him, for paying several Artificers Biljs, for Materials found, and Works performed by them, in the Houses and Buildings belonging to the Mint — — —

Imprested more to him, for carrying on Prosecutions against false Coiners, and to discharge the Salary of the Person employed therein, for One whole Year ——

Total Discharge — Total Charge —

Balance due to this Accountant —

3,860 17 — 12 9 10

1- —

460 5 6

263 10 —

30 t —

9 9 *

6* 16 7

12 6 8

66 *4 7

*54 — it

789 it 6

*3 14 —

136 18 1

43 4 7

60 12 1

37 11 9

223 8 1

3* 6 3

72 4 —

65 — —

1,800 —

567 *4 7

45* 4 8

598 19 6

3,873 6 to

9 7 $

45* *3 *i 97 5 5

837 tt

*,794 $ *0

3,418 iS 9

46,444 14 Ji 21,470 4 11

£. 24,974 9 2*

„»d w.

Vol. xuir.

I.B

r£P°rT

7° Apri.

A* 1788.

a6th February 1788.

REPORT of the Principal Offices of the Mint, on the Menriorial of the Master of the Mint. — Extraof-

dinary Expences for 1787.

N

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasurf.

May it please your Lordships. / ,

I N Obedience to your Lordship’s Order of Reference, signified by Mr. Steele the 2ad Instant, directiftg us to examine the Account therewith sent of the Earl of Effingham, as Master and Worker of His Majesty's Mint, for the Year 1787;

We beg Leave to report, that having carefully examined the said Account of the Earl of , for the Year 1787, we find the same to be truly stated. That the Balance due at the Foot thereof amounts to £* 24,974* 9;. 11 d. But it appearing your Lordships are authorized to issue, in Addition to what the said Earl has already raceived for Service of His Majesty’s Mint for that Year, the farther Sum of 829. 3 6d. for which Sum, Should your Lordships be pleased to grant your Warrant, as is requested by the Earl of Effingham, the Balance then remaining due to his Lordship would be reduced to Twenty-four thousand One hundred Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, which we humbly apprehend, with his Lordship, can only be paid under a special Vote of Parliament for that Purpose, buc which is nevertheless submitted to your Lordships great Wisdom.

We are.

May it please your Lordships,

Your Lordships

Most obedient and

most humble Servants,

, EJw. Lucas, Depr Ward*

Mint Office, Bajlin, D. Comptr.

26th February 1788.

25th March 1788-.

REPORT of the Principal Officers of the Mint, on the Memorial of John , Junior, Solicitor to the

Mint, for Allowance of certain Cravings in his Account.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

The humble MEMORIAL of John Vernon, the Younger, Solicitor to His Majesty’s Mint.

Sheweth,

THAT your Mcmorialift, in the Month of May 1787, did present to your Lordships a Memorial, setting forth, That in pursuance of Directions from Sir Robert Pigot, Baronet, Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, divers Prosecutions had been carried on by your Memorialist against Offenders, relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from the 31st Day of December 1785 to the 31st Day of December 1786 j and that the Expences incurred thereby, to the 31st Day of August only, amounted to the Sum of 599. 19. } and that the Expences of Prosecutions for further Offences committed in the Year 1786, amounted to jf.387. 14. 5.: And that your Memorialist had also, in pursuance of Directions from the Right honourable the Earl of Effingham, Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint, carried on divers Prosecutiofis relating to the Copper Coin, from the 31st Day of December 1785 to the 31st Day of Decem 1786} and that the Expences incurred by

such Prosecutions, amounted to the Sum of £. 338. — 7. j which Memorial your Lordships were pleased to refer to the Principal Officers of His Majesty’s Mint, who made a Report thereupon to your Lordships, on the 13th Day of October last, and thereby stated to your Lordships,

That they had examined the said Account of your Memorialist, and that as your Memorialist had since been paid his Account, as set forth in the Memorial, from the 31st December 1785 to 31st 1786, there

only remained the Accounts for Prosecutions relating to the Gold and Silver Coinage, from said 31st gujl to 31st December 1786, amounting to £.387. 4. 5. but by Deductions reduced to 85. 14. 9. and the Prosecutions relating to Copper Coin from 31st December 1785 to 31st December 1786, amounting to

£% 338. __ 7. and by DeduClions also reduced to £.336. 9. 7. making together the Sum of ^.722. 4. 4.

remaining due to your Memorialist; and that the Charges in the said Accounts, amounting to the Sum of £. 72 a. 4. 4. appeared to be the usual Charges, and proper to be allowed.

' § That

a8 Geo. III.

7° Aprilis. 3yI

That your Memorialin', since thtf Close of his Account to the 31st Day of December 1786, has, in pursuance of Directions from the said Warden of His Majesty’s Mint, carried on divers Prosecutions relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from the said 31st Day of December 1786 to the 31st Day of December 1787; and that the Expences incurred thereby, to the 30th Day of June only, amount to the Sum of 595. $.; an Account of which has been delivered into the Mint Office by your Memorialist; but the Expences of Prosecutions for further Offences committed in the said Year 1787, amount to the Sum of £.474. 12. 9. an Account of which has also been delivered into the Mint Office.

That your Memorialist has also, in pursuance of Directions from the Right honourable the Earl of Effingham, Master and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint, carried on divers Prosecutions against Offenders relating to the Copper Coin, from the -31st Day of December 1786 to the 31st Day of December 1787; and that the Expences incurred by such Prosecutions amount to the Sum of £.157. 10. 2. as will appear by thn Accounts thereof delivered into the Mint Office by your MemdHalift.

That in Obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified by Mr. Secretary , your Memorialist has paid the Sum of £. 40 to John Beamish, and others, as a Reward for apprehending ,who was

convicted’in February 1787, of counterfeiting the Silver Coin by colouring Blanks of base Metal.

That the several Particulars above-mentioned amount together to the Sum of One thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-nine Pounds Twelve Shillings and Three Pence, and the same still remains due to youh Memorialist.

Your Memorialist therefore humbly prays your Lordships to take the Premises into your Confederation, and that your Lordships will be pleased to give such Directions in regard to the Rating and auditing of your Memorialist’s Accounts, and for the Payment of what shall appear to remain due to your Memorialist, as to your Lordships shall seem meet.

And your Memorialist, &c.

13th March 1788, John Jun\

The Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury are pleased to refer the aforegoing Memorial to the Principal Officers of His Majesty’s Mint; who are to conOder the fame, and report to their Lordships their Opinion what may be proper to be done therein. Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, the 21st Day of March 1788.

'Tho' .

John Vernon, Junior, Memorial referred to Principal Officers of the Mint.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

May it please your Lordships.

IN Obedience to your Lordffiips" Order of Reference, signified by Mr. Steele the 21st Instant, direct*-ing us to consider the Memorial thereto annexed of Mr. John , Solicitor to His Majesty’s Mint* craving Payment of Monies due to him for Prosecutions carried on in the several Periods therein stated; W beg Leave to report,

That your Lordships having been pleased to refer to us a Memorial from Mr. Vernon, for Payment of Expences of Prosecutions carried on by him in the Year 1786; and we having examined the Accounts to which it related', reported thereupon to your Lordships, the 13th 1787, that it appeared to us there was then

due to the Memorialist the Sum of £.722. 4. 4. for Expences of extraordinary Prosecutions incurred within that Year, more than this Office was authorized to pay.

And having now carefully examined the Accounts for Prosecutions carried on in the Year 1787, as mentioned in the present Memorial, we find the Charges (none of which are included in former Accounts) conformable to Regulations established by Royal Warrant, dated 29th July 1715 j and that Vouchers have been produced to us for Fees paid to Counsel, and other Diffiurfements, as far as seems practicable to obtain. But as this Office is authorized to pay the Account from gift. December 1786 to 31 1787, amount-

ing to £. 595. 5 s.there will only remain the subsequent Accounts for extraordinary Prosecutions relating to the Gold and Silver Coin, from 31st Augujlto 31st December 1787, amounting to £.474. 12. 2. and £.40 paid to John Beamish, and others,'as directed by your Lordships; — and for Prosecutions relating to the

Copper Coin, from 31st December 1786 to gift December 1787, amounting to 157. 10. 2.; and that upon the Whole we are of Opinion, the several Charges in the said Accounts (which with the £. 40 above-mentioned) amounting to £.672. 2. 11. are such as have been usually allowed. But this Office not being authorized to pay any farther Sums for Prosecutions on the Gold and Silver Coinage for the Year 1787, than the Amount of the Account ending 31st August, and for like Prosecutions in the Year 1786, the Amount of the Account ending at same Period in that Year; and there being no Fund provided for paying the Expences of Prosecutions on the Copper Coinage, the Account of extraordinary Prosecutions in both Years will be as follows:

For

Review in gRe-

ports, See, of the 74th, 75th, 76th, and 77th Regiment*, ordered.

Motion for Paper relative to Brevet Rank of Oft-ctrs in India.

Neg.

Committet of Supply.

Account and Estimate* referred.

Extraordinary* of the Army.

Half Pay.

Chelsea Out Penfroner*.

Chelsea In Pcnuonera.

Half Pay.

ZX

7" Aprilis. 17^8*

?or the Year 1786.

For the Year 1787.

1

On Gold and Silver Coinage from 31st Auvu.fi to 31st December — — — — 385 14

On Copper Coinage from 31st December 1785 to 31st. December 1786 — . — — — 336 9

On Gold and Silver Coinage from 31st August to 31st

December - 514 12

On, Copper Coinage from 31st December 1786 to 31st December 1787 — — — 157 10

9

7

2

2

74a 4- 4

6f2 2 4

Together

1,394 6 8

And which Sum of One thousand Three hundred Ninety-four Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence* due to the Memorialist for Arrears of Expences of Prosecutions carried on by him in the Years 1786 and 1787, seems to us very proper to be allowed, but which we humbly presume can only be paid by special Vote of Parliament.

All Which is nevertheless submitted to your Lordships great Wisdom. We are.

May it please your Lordships,

Your Lordships

Moll obedient and

most humble Servants*

Lucas, Depr Ward".

James , Dep. Mafr and Wf.

Mint Office* Jn° Bajlin D. Comptr.

25th March 1788*

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Reports made by the General Officer who reviewed the 74th, 75th, 76th, and 77th Regiments; and likewise the Embarkation Returns of the said Regiments.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, 'That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Paper lent to the Directors of the East India Company, containing the Signification of His Majesty’s Pleasure relative to the Brevet Rank of Officers in India;

It pafl*ed in the Negative*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1786 to the 24th of December 1787, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the In Pensioners of Chdjea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay and Allowances to the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s American Forces, for the Year 1788, be referred ro the said Committee.

Ordered, Thar the Estimate of the Charge of Half Pay to the Reduced Officers of the late Brigade

in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, for the Year 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the Laid Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Rtjblved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the Hoilfe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of die Clock.

Mart is.

Widow* P«a-

fiope*

Militia Pay Bftll deferred*

Way* and Means deferred.

_ ____________j

SteyhingWrit,

Voices Vo Committee on Salt* ncy and Flint Road Bill.

Rothefham Road Petition reported*

8° Aprilis. 373

Martisy 8* die Aprilis;

Anno 28* Georgii III'11 Regis, 17881 Prayers.

f\ R D E R E D, That Mr. Speaker do issue his War- rant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of Siffex, in the Room of Thomas Edwards Freeman, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the Parish of Hawin the County of Chester, to the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, is committed.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to

whom the Petition of several of the Trustees appointed by virtue of Two Acts of Parliament of the 14th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, and the 7th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road from Rotherham to Hartcliffe Hill, in the Parish of Penistone, in the West Riding of the County of

York, was referred , That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with, with respect to Notices in the Newspapers of the County j that no Notice was given at the last Michaelmas Quarter Sessions for the County, but that Notice was given at the last Christmas Quarter Sessions at Wakefield and Don-casier j and that further Notices were also given, Three several Times, in The Sheffield Advertijer of the 28th of December, and the 4th and 11th Days of January last; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; .

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. Charles Bownes being examined, said, That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed the Sum of fi. 2,400, which now remains due — That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the Road kept in proper Repair, unless the Term of the said Acts be further continued, and the Powers thereof altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added. That it is proposed to leave out of the intended Bill so much of the Road by the said Acts directed to be repaired, as lies between the Four Tane Ends, near Worthy, to Hartcliffe Hill, the same being at present unnecessary, by Reason of the making of a neighbouring Turnpike Road, by the Use of which Travellers may avoid several very steep Hills which are upon the Road between the Four Lane Ends and Hartcliffe Hill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road Horn Rotherham to the Four Lane Finds near Worthy, in the West Riding of the County of 2'ork, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill: And that Mr. Duncombe and Mr. Spencer Stanhope do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Vol. XLIII.

A Petition of the Chairman, and other Justices of Petition fium the Peace, and the Grand jury, assembled at the Ge- J"ftp*Jha^'a. neral Quarter Sessions of the Peace, held at the City gainst the of Durham, in and for the County of Durham, on the 5dcar',a*4aDd 2d Day of April 1788, and of the Gentlemen, Clergy, coal Trade Landholders, and Tradesmeh of the County of Bill. ham, interested in the Trade of the Port of Sunderland, near the Sea and on the River Wear, in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of cafile and Sunderland; and Setting forth. That in the Preamble to the said Bill it is alledged, that the Regulations for the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland, established by an Act, passed irt the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the f(Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of " castle and Sunderland," may be extended and rendered more effectual to remedy the Inconveniences intended to be prevented thereby, and therefore it is proposed to be enacted, that, from and after a certain Day, the said Act of Parliament, and Two subsequent Acts for continuing the fame, shall be repealed, and certain Regulations, instead of those provided by the said Act, are, by the said Bill, ptoposed to be made respecting the Loading of Coals as Well at the Port of Sunderland, as at the Port of Newcastle and that the Mischiefs and Inconveniences intended to be prevented or remedied by the said Bill happened in the Port of Newcastle only, and not in the Port of Sunderland, and the Regulations established by the said Act of the Sixth Year of the present King are fully adequate to the Purposes thereby intended, so far as they relate to the Port of Sunderland, and there is not any Necessity with respect to that Port to alter or extend the Regulations or Provisions thereby made , and that the said Bill was prepared and presented to the House by the Advice and Direction of the Persons concerned in the Coal Trade in the Port of Newcastle and upon the River Tyne only, and the Persons interested in the Coal Trade in the Port of Sunderland and on the River Wear were not consulted upon, nor made acquainted with, the fame, nor did they know that the Provisions thereby proposed to be made were intended to relate or extend to the Port of Sunderland, until after the said Bill was presented to the House; and that the Petitioners observe, that, by a Proviso or Clause in the said Bill, it is proposed to be enacted,

" That nothing in the said proposed Act shall extend " to Ships or Vessels not exceeding the Burthen of " Keels, and carrying Coals Coastways to any

" Port of Great Britain (except the Port of London)

" or to any Foreign Port, buc that the Fitters, Agents,

" or Venders of Coals, shall be at full Liberty to " load such Ships or Vessels at any Time, and in " any Manner, they shall think proper," and the Petitioners have been informed, that the said intended Proviso or Clause is proposed to relate to Ships or Vessels not exceeding the Burthen of Six Keels of Coals j and that the said Proviso or Clause is manifestly calculated and intended, and mull operate, to withdraw from the Port of Sunderland to the Port of Newcastle the chief Part of the Coal Trade now and for many Years past carried on at the Port of Sunderland, by Means of Ships of small Burthen, which alone can with Safety be loaded in that Port, whereas, in the Port of Newcastle, Ships of large Burthen may safely and conveniently be loaded, and the Coal Trade from thence has hitherto been principally carried on by Means of such large Ships, but, if the said Bill Should pass into a Law, with the said Proviso or Clause therein, the Coal Trade of the Port of Sunderland, and on the River Wear, will, in a very great and alarming Degree, be reduced, if not altogether

C destroyed.

8° Apri

A. 1788.

Castlemnrtln

Drainage and inclol'urc Bill.

destroyed, although, for the Preservation of such Parishes of Szval/y and Bdleauy in the County of Lin-Trade, and for the Improving of the Harbour of coin* without any Amendment: And also,

Sunderland, £. 100,000, and upwards, have, within z few The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Years Jaft pall, been expended, without any Aid from Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing the Com-Government, and although, by Means of such Trade, mon and Waste Ground, called Castlemartin Ccrje,

within-the Manor and Parish of Cajllemartin, in the County of Pembroke, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Wollaston in-

from greac-

Government do receive a very large Revenue the Duties on Coals exported from thence, the eft Part of which are carried Coastways, or to Foreign Markets, and not to the London Market y and that the Port of Sunderland has long been a great Nursery for Seamen, and extremely beneficial to the Public, in Manning of the Royal Navy upon every Emergency, and, if the said Bill should pass into a Law, with the said recited Proviso or Clause, a great Part of the Coal Trade of the Port of Sunderland will be withdrawn from thence to the Port of Newcastle> which will have the Eficft of a Monopoly of the Coal Trade, and consequently the Public will not be supplied with Coals so well, and at so cheap a Rate, as they are at present, and have been, under the Regulations of the said Act of Parliament now subsisting, and the other Regulations and Provisions, proposed to be made by the said Bill, will, in a very considerable Degree, be frustrated, and rendered useless, even at the Port of Newcastle, — moreover, the Owners of the Collieries upon the River IVear (in the winning and working of which Collieries very large Sums of Money have been expended) will be greatly injured, and their Property considerably lessened in Value, the Benefits derived to the Public from the Port of Sunderland, as well in rtj-speft of the Duties paid, as of the Seamen brought up and employed there, will in a great Measure be taken away, or reduced, and the Port itself, in Process of Time, be annihilated: And therefore praying,

That the said Bill may not pais into a Law as it now

stands, but that, if an Act be passed thereupon, it of this Instant Aprii\ may be confined to the Port of Newcastle only, and that the said recited Proviso or Clause may be totally Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, pur-rejected and expunged, and that the Petitioners may suant to their Order,

be heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against the N° 1. Copy of the Reports made by the General

Stretton Inclo-lure Bill, with nn Amendment.

Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common c,ol.u,/f B, I,» Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable maits.rncad’ Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of IFcilafion, in the County of Northampton, with feme Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Strettcn in the Dale, in the County of Salop, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to The Lords enable Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, and the fu- have Pniretl ture Tenants for Life of the Estates devised by the Will of Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, to grant Building and repairing Leases thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Adderley's EC* ate Bill

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th Day

Account cf Consolidated Fund ordered.

Review*! ngP»e» ports, &c. of the 74-th, 75th, 76th, and 77th

said Bill, and may have such further Relief in the Pre- who reviewed the 74th, 75th, 76th, and 77th Regi- Resimenl9»

1, c- . A-a pi dented*

mises as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

petitions from A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Pres-,hcFu(by«->y b of Kirkcudbmbt: And also,

ot Ki kcuu- J . . © r 1 ~ . r

bright, ami the A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Boroughs of

Aldborcugh and Borough bridge;

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

Inhabitant5' of Aldb rough aiul Bo’otigh-bridgf, re-U i»£ he biavc 7 radc.

The Lev Is have agietd to

Glasgow and Dumbarton Road Bill.

A Mcflage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Walker:

Swaby and Bel'eau Indo-sure Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to die Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reign of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several Roads leading into the City of Glaj\oiv, so far as relates to that Part of the Road from the City of Glasgow to the Town of Dumbarton, which leads through the County to the I own of Dumbarton, without any Amendment: And also,

1 he Lords have agioed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Failures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or

ments: And also,

N® i. Copy of the Embarkation Return of Four Companies of His Majesty's 74th Regiment at end, a6th March 178b: And also, '

N° 3. Copy of the State of Nine Companies of His Majesty’s 75th Regiment, as embarked at mouth, 25th March 1788: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the Embarkation Return of His Majesty’s 76th Regiment of Foot, dated 26ch March 1788: And also,

N° 5. Copy of the Embarkation Return of Three Companies of the 77th Regiment of Foot for , a8th March 1788: And also,

N° 6. Copy of the Embarkation Return of Three Companies of the 77th Regiment of F’oot for 4th April 1788 j

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lilt was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, ‘c An Act to explain and " amend so much of an Act, made in the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An tc Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Va-" gabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One <c Act of Parliament, and for the more effectual puniflaing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, " and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought " to be lent, as relates to common Players of Interludes," might be read.

t And

Lit! to amend AHs relating to Pci ions ie present ing In icrludcs, &c* ordered.

r

8° Apri

375

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places " of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons *' keeping disorderly Houses,’* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend the said Acts, so far as the same relate to Persons representing Interludes, Tragedies, Comedies, Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage; and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Mulic, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and Westminster, or within Twenty Miles thereof: And that Mr. Mainand Mr. Robert Burton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

LorJiAmend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration tonlnTlofure" Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, inti- Bill agreed to tuled. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County of Salop.

And the said Amendment was read, and is as followeth j viz.

Pr. 4c. 1. 20. After " notwithstanding " insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted, That it t{ shall be lawful for the Rector of the said Parish, by and with the *( Consent and Approbation of the «c Bishop of Hereford, to grant any Lease or Leases, to any Person or Persons, of the Land to be <c allotted to the said Rector by tc virtue of this Act, or any Part thereof, for any Term or Num-tc ber of Years, not exceeding

«c

bay appointed for Second Reading of Poor Bill.

Report Sup-

Twenty-one Years, such Term of Twenty-one Years to commence and be computed from the Expiration of Twelve Calendar Months next after the Execution of the said Award,

: so as no such Lease be made c difpunishable of Waste, and so c as no Sum of Money be taken by Way of Fine or Premium for any such Lease, and so as the '* Relit to be reserved in every such Lease be made payable to <c the Rector of the said Parish Cf Quarterly, and that the usual tc Powers of Re-entry for Non-<c payment of such Relit, and other cc needfary Clauses and Covenants, <c be contained therein; and every <c such Lease shall be good, valid, <c and effectual, any Law or Usage " to the contrary hereof notwith-<c (landing."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, Was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Comptroller of the Household do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of Great

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, RedurMHorse That a Sum, not exceeding Two hundred Twenty- Gui:d$-three Pounds and Seventeen Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horle Guards reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, officers of Bci That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty-five thousand and ^rc^nencaa Ninety-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Britiffj American Forces, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, officers late in That a Sum, not exceeding Three thousand Three the service of hundred Ninety-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Two Pence, be granted to His Majesty, on Account of the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-three thousand Eight hundred Thirty-three Pounds One Shilling and Nine Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the In and Out Pensioners of Chelsea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Nine thousand Nine hundred and Seventy-eight Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account, for defraying the Charge of Pensions to be paid to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and.

Expences attending the fame, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Reduced Offi. That a Sum, not exceeding One hundred Seventy-two ccrsofLand

the States General.

Chelsea pen-

Pen lions to Widows*

thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-six Pounds and Three Shillings, be granted to His Majesty', upon Account of the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, reduced offi. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Ninehun- cerso1' Briuih dred and Seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British: American Forces, for the Year 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Extraorfna-That a Sum, not exceeding Four hundred Eighty thousand and Fifty-eight Pounds Three Shillings and Four Pence, be granted to His Majesty, towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred from the 25th Day of December 1786 to the 24th Day of December 1787, and not provided for by Parliament.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put there* upon, agreed to by the House.

Army,

Mr. Hopkins, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Times when the several Captains (Senior to Captain Braithwaite) who were included in, or afiefted by, the late Promotion of Admirals, were respectively appointed to Service during the late War, specifying the Nature of such Service, Britain called England, be read a Second Time upon and when they quitted the fame, and the Rcalons af-Monday Morning next. signed for it: And also,

t N° 1. Copy of the Sentence of a Court Martial

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the held on Board His Majesty’s Ship the London, in Lynn Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- Haven Bay, 28th March 17S1, for the Trial of Captain

Balfour,

Account an.! Pa pi is relating to Naval (iii* cers p'.ciuutvh

8° — 9° Apr His.

A. 1788.

Balfour, his Officers, Company, and Pilot, for the Loss of the Culloden: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Mr. , Secre-

tary of the Admiralty, to Captain Thomas Shirley, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship , dated 5th

December 1780: And also,

N° 3. Copy of a Letter from Mr. Stephens, Secretary of the Admiralty, to Captain Thomas Shirley, Commander of His Majesty’s Ship Leander, dated joth August 1782'. And also,

N° 4. Report as to what respects the several Captains named in the Order Of the Honourable House of Commons, except Captain Balfour and Captain Shirley.

And the Titles of the said Account and Papers *fere read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mercurii, 90 dprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii

III"1 Regis, 1788.

thonxe the Entertainments at Sadlers Weil*

Petition fr«m Freemen of Queenborough referred to i Committee of the whole House.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Freemen of the Borough of Quecnbcrough, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Freemen of the said Borough, which was presented to the House upon the i th

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Richard Wrought on and Thomas Petition to Arnold, of the Parish of Saint Jamesy Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bill is depending to amend the Acts of the Tenth and Twenty-fifth Years of his late Majesty King George the Second, io far as the same relate to Persons. representing Interludes* Tragedies, Comedies, Opera9, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Mulic, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of Louden and WejUninJ\cry or within Twenty Miles thereof; and that the Petitioners are the Proprietors of a certain House, or Place, called Sadlers Wells, in the said Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, which has been for many Years an established House of public Entertainment, and has been regularly licensed for Musicai Entertainments by the Justices of the Peace for the said County of Middle-

Day of December last, and then ordered to lie upon the Jex assembled at the General Quarter Sessions, under

Papers referred.

ferfoni to attend

Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, the 22d Day of this Instant April, resolve itself intro a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Papers and Account, which were presented to the House upon the 10th Day of May 1786, by Mr. Aldridge, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which were presented to the House upon the a6th Day of February last, by Mr. James Lutirelly be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Thomas DickinJony Esquire, do attend the said Committee upon this Day Fortnight, the and Day of this Instant April.

OrdercdyT\i2£ Thomas Brown, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. William Stamp do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Militia pay Mr. Gilberty according to Order, reported from the Bill reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

And then the House adjourned till To morrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

the Authority and from the Time of passing the said Act of the Twenty-fifth of his late Majesty; and, the Petitioners have been informed, that some Parts of the Entertainments, which have for so many Years pail been exhibited at the above Place, are not precisely within the Meaning of the said Licences, and are therefore prohibited by the said Act of the Tenth of his late Majesty; and that the Petitioners purchased the said House, or Place, at a very great Price, under a firm Opinion, that the Entertainments, which have usually been exhibited there, were warranted by Law, and authorized by the Licences granted as before mentioned, and have, in Consequence thereof, laid out very considerable Sums of Money in fitting up the said House, and providing for the better Performance of such Entertainments as have for so many Years been exhibited there: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for authorizing them to continue, at the said House, or Place, called Sadlers Wells, the Performance of such Entertainments as have hitherto Been exhibited there, in such Manner, and under such Regulations and Restrictions, as to the House shall seem meet.

The House was moved, That the Report which, upon the 7th Day of March last, was made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Richard Wrought ton and Thomas Arnold, of the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, was referred, might be again read.

O O '

And the same being read accordingly \

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

<c An Act to explain and amend so much of an Act,

<c made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of Queen <c Anney intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws re-(< lating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and " Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament, and for the <c more effectual punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds,

<c Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to com-<c mon Players of Interludes /* and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, <c An Act for the better <c preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and pumih-cc ing Persons keeping disorderly Houses/’ so far as x , th?

Petition against Peatherftone lndolure Bill*

Rotherham Road Bill prerented.

Birmingham Road Petition teported.

the same relate to Persons representing Interludes, Tragedies, Comedies, Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Mufie, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and or

within Twenty Miles thereof. That they do make Provision in the said Bill for authorizing the Continuance, at a certain House or Place, called Sadler's Welts, in the Parish of Saint "James; in the County of Middlesex,of the Performance of such Entertainments as have hitherto been exhibited there.

A Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manors and Townships of Snydall and Featherfone,in the West Riding of the County of York,was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that, upon a Petition of the Owners of Lands and Tenements within the Manor and Township of Featberstone,in the West Riding of the County of York, Leave hath been given to bring in a Bill

for dividing and inclosing a Parcel of Waste Ground, called Featberstone Floor, and also several. Open and Uninclosed Fields within the Manor and Township of F'eatherstone aforesaid; and that the Petitioners have immemorially had, and now have, a Right of Common upon the said Moor, in Right of their said Messuages. Cottages, Scitcs of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Township of Snydall aforesaid, and they have been informed that such Bill is so drawn and prepared as will materially injure their Right aforesaid: And therefore praying, That, in case any Bill shall be brought in, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition, that they may be heard, by their Counsel and Witnesses* against the fame, or that the Petitioners may have such further Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Township of Featberstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncombepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Finds near in the West

Riding of the County of York, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill; And the same was received; and read the First Tme.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees for putting in Execution Two A<5b, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and in the Tenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leadiing from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was referred} That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with } and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House } and he read the Report in his Place} and Vol. XLIII.

afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. Joseph Parker being examined,’ said, That great Progress hath been made in repairing the said Roads, in doing which a considerable Debt hath been contracted, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads effectually repaired, unless the Term of the said Acts be continued, and the Powers thereof altered, amended, and enlarged, or wholly repealed, and other Powers granted — That from the Nature of the Country through which the said Roads pass, it will be necessary, in some Places, to vary and alter the Course thereof, and to purchase Lands as well for those Purposes as for widening the old Road in several Parts, for the effecting of which it is requisite that the Tolls granted by the said Acts should be increased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwthrough Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County: And that Sir Robert Lawley and Sir George AugujlusWilliam Shuckburgh do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House Bin to enable to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* upon the Bill to enable Justices of the Peace, being tie. in wCh in the Commission of the Peace for more Counties theyrefije, than one, to act as such out of the Limits of the de,'r,e'1. Counties in which they shall reside, in certain Cafes}

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House being informed that Mr. Alcock, from whaleFiflierj the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, attend* A ed at the Door} he was called in} and, at the Bar, pre- pr fented to the House, ptirfuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, distinguishing each, which failed from Scotland in the Years 1785, 1786, and 17S7, distinguishing each, to the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fishery: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Bounties which were paid on the Ships which failed from Scotland to the Greenland and Davis's Streights Fishery in 1785, 1*786, and 1787, distinguishing each Year: And also,

An Account of the Number of Ships, with their Tonnage, distinguishing each, which failed from land in the Years 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each, to the Southern Whale Fishery: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Bounties which were paid on the Ships which failed from Scotland to the Southern Whale Fishery in 1785, 17S6, and 1787} distinguishing each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst th?

other Papers of this Session. v

A Petition of the Presbytery of Glasgow, was pre- petition from fented to the House, and read} Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being con- rdPtfl*iifg the trary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Slave Tn*l». Policy, and Religion} and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

5 D The

Committee on Act against carrying White A Hies out of the Realm.

Thread Manufacture to be considered.

Committee of Supply.

Estimate*, ire. referred.

Nova Scotia.

New Brans-

wick.

St. John's Island.

Cape Breton.

Newfound-

land.

Baluma

lllands.

BrrrmxU

lllands.

The House was moved. That in Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carrying of White Allies out of the Realm," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the-Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Burges reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same. Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burges accordingly reported from the said Committee, that he was directed by the Committee to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carrying of White " Allies out of the Realm."

And Mr. Burges moved the House accordingly. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled,

" An Act against the carrying of White Ashes out of " the RealmAnd that Mr. Burges and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, in America, from the ift of January 1788 to the 1 ft of January 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brun/wick, in America, from the 24th of June

1788 to the 24th of June 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of defraying the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789, be referred so the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary to pay the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the ift of April 1788 to the ift of April 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums necessary td support the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers y

f‘ from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June " 1789," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, " Salary to the " Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the " ift January 1788 to the ift January 1789," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Estimate for defraying the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th of October 1787 to the 10th of 1788, be referred

to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, tc 31st January tf 1788, Matter of the Mint — Account of Extraor- dinary Expences incurred in the Year 1787," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, tc 26th February 1788, Report of the Principal Officers of the Mint, on the Memorial of the Matter of the Mint — Extraordinary Expences for 1787," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Paper, intituled, et 25th March *' 1788, Principal Officers of the Mint, on Memorial of John Vernon, Junior, Solicitor to the Mint, for

Allowance of certain Cravings in his Account," be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Year 1787 j and also, of the extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

The House was moved. That the Order, made upon Monday last, for reading a Second Time, upon 'Tuesday next, the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Monday Sevennight, the 21st Day of this Instant April.

Mr, Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future. Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, c< Matters of Ships, and others, to advance,the Price u of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, c‘ and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the " further Encouragement of the Coal Trade j" and also, an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal " Trade;" and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts, was

committed;

Dominic*

New Soutk Wale*.

Mint.

D°*

Second Reading of Sutton Inclosure BJU deferred*

Coal Trade Bill reported*

Militia Pay Bill pitted.

Sreend Reading of Poor BUI deterred.

Way* and Meant deferred.

Bast India Papers to be printed.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

a8 Geo. Ill; of — io°

committed; and to whom the Petition of George Ox-lade, one of His Majesty’s Landing Waiters in the Port of London, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioner by his Counsel, and had also heard Counsel in Support of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for reading a Second Time, upon Monday Morning next, the Bill for the better Relief and Employment of the Poor within that Part of Great Britain called England, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 17th Day of this Instant April.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis,io° die;

Anno 28° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

f\ R D E R E D, That such a Number of Copies of " the several Papers, which were presented to the House upon the 7th Day of December last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and

Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to -

Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, witH the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of <11 Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-bets of this House in WeJhninster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers; and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, t<j attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately 1

into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in ordef to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair-

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from Report Sup-the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was

ply.

referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had die rested to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Nova Scotia. That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Eight hundred Forty-five Pounds and Six Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Scotia, in America, from the ill of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, NewBrusf. That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Three wick‘ hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, St. j«hn*» That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Nine hun- Island-dred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in Americafrom the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Cape Brttoa. That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the'Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Newfound-That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand One byn- 1,nd‘. dred Eighty-two Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers In the Island of Newfoundland, from the ift of April 1788 to the ift of April 1789.

j Resolved,

Bahaml I (lands*

Bermuda

llland*.

New South Wale*.

EJttraordihiry

Expencet of the Mint.

Prosecution of Offendeit rfgainst the Coin Laws.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of supporting the Civil Establishment of the Bahama Islands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fame, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee! That a Sum, not exceeding Five hundred and Eighty Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Bermuda or Somers Islands, from the 24th of June 1788 to the 24th of June 1789.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Salary to the Chief Justice of the Island of Dominica, from the ift of January 1788 to the ift of January 1789.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Eight hundred Seventy-seven Pounds and Ten Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th of ORober 1787 to the 10th of 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, that a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-four thousand One hundred Forty-five Pounds Five Shillings and Eight Pence Three Farthings, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Year 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Three hundred Ninety-four Pounds Six Shillings and Eight Pence, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the extraordinary Expences attending the Prosecution of Offenders against the Laws relating to the Coin.

The said Resolutions being feverully read a Second Time, were, upon the Question ieverally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Pe'ition from A Petition of John Assistant Master, and

a» arid Cifffi< Andrew Caffels, Depute Master, of the Incorporation agiinft L<ith of Shipmasters in Leith, was presented to the House, Harbour Bill. aruj rcacj. a]-ing Notice of the Bill for enlarging and

improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Baton, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Ware-houses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, that Certain Tolls and Duties, in Name of Anchorage, Beaconage, Pilotage, and certain Fees or Dues to the Shore Master of Leith, or his Deputy, are to be levied by the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Town Council, of the City of Edinburgh, which, the Petitioners conceive, they have no Right to, by any Grant or Charter, and that these Exactions will be grievous and of-preffive to the Petitioners, and a heavy Tax on Trade and Navigation: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to allow them to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the fame Time, in Favour of the said Bill; against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

VeneriS) 11°

Anno 28° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1788. Prayers.

A PETITION of Alexander Hill, of South Leith, Ship and Boat Builder, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That a Bill is depending for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, and for making new Quays or Wharfs, &c.; and that the Petitioner is Proprietor of a great Part of the Ground situated betwixt the present Bridge of Leith and the Road from the said Bridge to Leith Milns, by the Sheriff Crae, comprehended in the Boundaries described in the present Bill, upon which he has, at a great Expence, erected Shades and other Buildings necessary for carrying on the Business of Ship and Boatbuilding, which is of great Public Convenience and Utility, and, was the said Bill to be passed into a Law, not only would the Petitioner be stripped of a valuable Property, and of a Trade still more so, but the whole Persons dependent on his Business, to the Number of Forty and upwards, would be deprived of Bread, and the Petitioner himself obliged to give up his Business, as there is nor, at this Time, a Situation upon the River where it could be carried on with Advantage, or in the Power of the said Lord Provost and Magistrates to accommodate him with; and that the Petitioner apprehends, there is no Necessity that his whole Property should betaken from him for the Purpose of enlarging the Harbour, or for making the Canal to the intended Bason, because, by making the Canal to communicate with the River a little farther up than is proposed in the Plan of Improvements made out at the Direction of the Lord Provost and Magistrates of , than

Part of the Petitioner’s Property, which is at prefenc employed by him in Building Ground, would thereby be reserved to him, and the Improvements proposed in the Bill could be carried on with equal Advantage to the Public, and that this is the same the Petitioner trusts he will be able to satisfy the House; and that the said Bill does not specify the precile Quantity of Ground which is intended to be taken from the Petitioner for the Purpose of making the said Works, or how much is to be reserved to him, but puts it in the Power of the Magistrates to take the Whole, or arty Part of his Property, at any Time they may think proper, within Ten Years after passing the Act, which leases the Petitioner, during all that Period, in a precarious and uncertain State; and that, however much his Business will be injured by any Parc of his Property being taken from him, he does not mean to oppose the Demand to the Extent that public Utility may render it necessary, but as he is able to ffiew that the

proposed

TheLord? will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings'* Trial.

Petition from Mr. Hill against Leith Harbour Bill.

Trial of Ml\ Halting*.

Merlin's Bridge Road Bill committed.

28 Geo. III. 1 i° -

proposed Canal, from the River to the intended Baton* can be made with equal Advantage to the Improvement of the Harbour, without the Petitioner being stripped of his whole Property, he throws himself upon the Protection of the House, in perfect Confidence that nothing Short of absolute Necessity, and evident public Utility, will be deemed sufficient to authorize such a Violation of the sacred Right of Property* which the said Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburghhave not pretended to ihew, and cannot ftiew, in the present Cafe: And therefore praying, That he may have Leave to be heard, by himself or his Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law, to far as his Property and Trade are concerned.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of , for making 3 new Baton, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes, is committed* and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers. And he went accordingly* and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in WestminHall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately* and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Perton in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over and they went to the Places in minsterHall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual j and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker refunded the Chair.

A Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin’s Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Dolben, the Lord Milford, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Vol. XLIII.

iprilis. 381

The House proceeded to take into Coiisideration the tonhAmrrd Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, ,"cIo"‘ An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- fort Bill mon Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Common- ?£ree<,w' able Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of in the County of Northampton.

And the said Amendments were read and are as followeth* viz.

Pr. 43. 1. 10. After " Parish" insert " of ston, or by the Vicar of the Parish " of Mean Ashaforesaid/’ 1. 14. After " Seal" insert tc or by the Vicar of Harrold aforesaid, without " the like Consent of the Bishop of " Lincoln."

The said Amfcndmfcnts being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to Paddmjton

whom the Bill for re-building the Parish Church of Church Bill Paddington, in the County of Midd and for enlarg- reporttd* ing the Church Yard of the said Parish, was Committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring presented to the House, according,

nnAr J ,n ’ , _ ° Bill to Srflf^d

to Order, a Bill to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Acts Hating Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King the wl’cifonsrc-

Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend to {’Jrtudls’&c!' " much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the presented. ct Reign of Queen Anne,intituled, An Act for red u-

" cing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy " Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament,

" and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues,

" Vagabonds* Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be sent, as relates to common Players of Interludes *" and alto, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places " of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping ditorderly Houses," to far as the same relate to Persons representing Interludes, Tragedies, Comedies,

Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Music, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and Westminster,or within Twenty Miles there-

of: And the same was received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and ComptonMar-Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second Time. tcj.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ker, Mr. Burges, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

5 E A Bill

38*

ii

Aprilis.

A1788.

Spoftdon Tn* cloiurc Bill committed*

A Bill for dividing and rndofing the Open Fields, the Limits extending from in the County

n n. " of Surrey,to in the County of Kent, was

Common Failures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of in the County of Derby, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Knight, Mr. Mundy, &c. s And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

referred j That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House , and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Limits jio; tc<.

Petition from Suffolk respe$ing the Slave Trade.

Ffatherfto«e Jnciofure Bill committed.

Petition again# re* leried, and Counsel or* deied.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, feve-A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, ral A<5ls of Parliament, palfed in the Sixth, Eleventh, and others. Inhabitants of the County of Suffolk,was Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, and Twenty-sixth Years prefen ted to the House, and read; Requesting the of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving, House to take the present State of the Negro Trade watching, cleansing, and lighting, the Borough of on the Coast of Africa into their most serious Confi- Southwark, the Parish of Mary,

deration. in the County of Surrey, the Waterside Division of the

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Parish of Saint Mary Magdalen, Bermondsey, in the same Table. County, and the Clink Liberty, in the Parish of

Saviour, Southwark, were read; whereby it appears, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, That several Works are directed and required to be done and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, and performed by the said Commissioners of Sewers,

for the Benefit of the said several Pavements, at the Colls of their Commission. Then John Hofter, Esquire, being examined, said, That from the uncertain Description in the said Acts of the Persons liable to be assessed by the Commissioners of Sewers, the said Commissioners have been led into Litigation, and that Disputes daily arise respecting the Assessments from Time to Time made by the Commissioners of Sewers, by Reason whereof the Commissioners are unable to pay sundry Debts which have

within the Township of Featherstone,in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-

eombe, Mr. Jack/on, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

The House was moved. That the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, been contracted by them, and are also unable to per-wirhin the Manors and Townships of Snydalland Fea-form any future Services to the aforesaid Pavements therflone, in the West Riding of the County of York, withoutDangerof sustaininglnconvenience thereby. — which was presented to the House, upon Wednesday last, And the Witness further said, That the Powers veiled by and then ordered to lie upon the Table until the the present Laws in the said Commissioners are infuffi-said Bill be read a Second Time, might be again read. cienc to enable them to raise Money to defray the Colts, And the same being read accordingly; Charges, and Expences already incurred, or that in fu-

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the ture may be incurred, by the Works already pei formed, Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill or to be performed by them. — And being further exa-is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by mined, he said, That the Sewers and Drains within

themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

the said Limits are greatly obstructed and annoyed by Persons throwing Filth, Allies, and other Rubbish therein, and by the same being in some Places improperly contracted, and that it will be necessary to prevent the same in future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual, the Powers given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits

iagby Inclo-/lire Bill pie-fented.

extending from Eafi Mould/ey, in the County of Surrey, Mr. Duntomle presented to the House, according to to in the County of Kent: And that Sir

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors Joseph Mawbey and Mr. Norton do prepare, and bring or Commons within the Township of Bagby, in the in, the fame.

North Riding of the County of York; and the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

T!iC Lorda hdve passed

Doctor Fu leC-ton'sExcbnngc Bill,

A Me/Tage from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed bpon between the Reverend Philip , Doctor in

An ingrossfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diverting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Trusts of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for veiling the same in another Trustee, upon the same Trulls, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of

Sir Hen.

Clinton’! Truit Bill commuted.

uyu„ uciwccnme l v /l Iff i J>* u rMay, One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five,

Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of Ruabon, in the County / l V u " I. c_____* *

__J J Ar liirh nf rh#»m nc remain fn hr nprtnrmen. Of are Ca-

of Denbigh, and Sir Wat kin Williams Wynn, Baronet, bf certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lord* The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this win proceed on j-Joufe, That their Lordships will proceed further in MrJUftingj'* ^e Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on next.

Trial. at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Hall.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

Petition from the Commis-noners of

Sir Joseph Mawbey reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Commissioners of Sewers for

or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking F.ffefl, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Galley Knight, Sir Richard Sutton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, Cambridge the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town with Water, was read a Second Time.

Resolved,

Day af^oi nted for Second Reading of Debtor* and Craiiunc Bill*

Saltrcy and FlintRoad Bill

jepojted.

Southwark Paving Petition reported.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Iccky Mr. Torke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be read a Second Time upon MIonday Morning next.

Sir Roger Mojlyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of , in the Parish of Flawarden, in the County of Chester, to the

Town of Flint,in the County of Flint, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Henry Fborntcn reported from the Committee,

to whom the Petition of the Commissioners for paving, watching, cleansing, and lighting, the East Division of the Borough of Southwark, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the lame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Parts adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, was read; ^hereby it appears, that Two Districts or Divisions are thereby appointed, One whereof is by the said Act di-rested so be called the East Division. Then

Robert Fyler, Esquire, being examined, said. That

the principal Streets and Avenues of the said East Division are very narrow and incommodious, and that many of them are even without a Footway, whereby frequent and bad Accidents are occasioned, and that by the said Act the Commissioners are not impowered to widen any of the said Streets and Lanes. — And the Witness added. That if Power was given to widen the principal Streets and Avenues of the said Division, the same would be of great Public Convenience and Utility.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also, the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Division in the said Act described: And that Mr. Henry Fhornton and Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier do prepare, and bring in, the 'fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the ThmlRndln? Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth 1 dt,tirtd’ Year of the Reign of Queen intituled, " Ad

" Act to difiblve the present, and prevent the fu-<c ture, Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen,

" Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price " of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade,

" and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the " further Encouragement of the Coal Trade," and also, an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reigri of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled,

An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal " Trade and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Supply de-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fc,red* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

RcJ'ohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways ami to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, dc* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of Houft refoivts the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning Monday."W next.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, upon the Bill to enable Justices of the Bill to enable Peace, being in the Commission of the Peace for more outofCom.tic« Counties than One, to act as such out of the Limits of in ~hich they the Counties in which they shall reficle, in certain rcfile* Cafes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee;

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.'

Lun&y 140 die Aprilis 5

Anno 28° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

A BILL for continuing the Term, and altering Rothtrhtn> the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far Ro»d ».n as the same relate to repairing the Road from eommuud.

ham to the Four Lane Ends near Worthy, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for discharging the

8 Trustees

Brightfide Inclosure Bill presented.

Petitions from Wenlock, and the Presbytery of Kirkwall, respecting the Slave Trade.

Doflor Pulef-ton’s Exchange Bill read.

Sawley Bridge Petition reported.

B«!l for regu

laring the flouring* &C oi VtffJs in the Port of London jnc-fented.

Trustees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends aforesaid, to Hartcliff Hill, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. combe, Mr. Burges, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Duncombepresented to the House, according to

Order, a Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township o in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Bailiff, Recorder, and BurgesseS, of the Town and Liberties of Wenlock, in the County of Salop, in Common Hall assembled: And also,

A Petition of the Presbytery of ,in the County of Orkney,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend Philip Doctor in

Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of in the County of Denbigh, and Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Charles Earl of Harrington was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 123d of May 1786, relative to Bills for erecting Bridges, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read j and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Charles Upton, Esquire, being examined, said. That the present Communication between the Parish of Suwhy, in the County of Derby, and the Parishes of Hemmington and Castle Din the County of Leicefur, and to several' other Roads which lead to

divers other Counties, is very inconvenient, and often dangerous, and that the Earl of Harrington is entitled to an ancient Ferry over the River called Sawley Ferry. — And being further examined, he said. That the building a Bridge over the River ‘Trent at or near the said Ferry, would make a more commodious, useful, and lafe Communication between the Counties of Der/y and Liecester, and be of great Benefit and Advantage to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Sawiey Ferry,in the Counties of Derby and Leicester: And that Mr. Mundy and Lord George Cavendiffi do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Alderman Wation presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Mayor and Commonalty and Citizens of the City to purchase

t]ie Mooring Chains in the River Thames, and for regulating the Lying and Mooring of Ships and Vessels

5

within the Port of London: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of Charles Thompson, Esquire,' of His Majesty’s Navy, aind of Jane his Wife, which Jane is One of the Daughters and Heirs at Law of Robert Selby, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Heirs of the said Robert Selby are Proprietors of certain valuable Mills, Houses, Granaries, Printing Fields, and Grounds, Situated at the Village of Botinington,upon the Water of Leith; and that the Petitioners observe a Bill is depending in the House for the Purpose of enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, whereby Power is given to make a large Wet Dock, 420 Yards distant from the said Mills, and to make an Aquedutt therefrom to the said intended Dock, with an Intention of taking the whole Water necessary for the Use and Purposes of the said Dock, the Locks, and other Works belonging thereto, and for the washing and scouring out the said Harbour, without Limitation of any Sort; and that the Property of the said Mills is of considerable Value, and they are of public Convenience and Utility, and, being now let on a Lease of Ten Years to come, are capable, from Circumstances and Situation, of great and manifest Improvements; and that the Petitioners conceive this Power, unlimited in Measure, Quantity, and Time, may be applied so as to render the said Estate and Property therein of little or no Value, inasmuch as the taking away so large a Part of the Water or Power which works the said Mills from the Head or Mill Lead, will, in fast, operate so as to render the Whole useless and of no Effect, and also to diminish eventually the Value of the other Property of Houses, Buildings, Granaries, Grounds, See. Sec. annexed or adjoining thereto j and that the Petitioners conceive the said Powers of taking the Supply of Water from the West: of the said Mills (that is from the Head or Mill Lead of the said Mills) are unnecessary, and that the Purposes for which it is intended by the said Bill may be as well served if the said Supply of Water is taken from the Mill Tail, and conduced by the said intended Aquedutt: And therefore praying, That the Powers of the said Bill may be limited accordingly, or that the Petitioners may be heard, by^ themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill, or that such other Relief may be granted to them as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the tth Day of April 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

To

Petition from Mr. and Mrs. Thompson against Leith Harbour Bill.

Account of Consolidated Fund presented.

Vol. XLIII.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th Day of April 1788.

INCOME.

C H A-R® G E.

00

O

w

O

Consolidated Excise Duties

b" s'

1,476,637 —

and

Lr\

*5

60,548 3s,993 5>776

21,745 15,141

4,629

19,765 3,222 2,520 *»7 27

D® — Customs D® — — 747,830

D° — Stamps D® — — 327,173

D® — Salt D* — — 96,422

D° — - Letter Money — 77,000

D° — Tax on Hackney Coaches and Chairs — — -D® — Tax on Hawkers and Pedlars

Duties onHouses and Windows, granted A’ 1766 — -

Tax on Inhabited Houses, f® 1778 —

Tax on Shops — — .

Tax on Horses — - —

Taxon Male Servants, 1785 —

Tax on Female Servants, 1785 —

Tax on Four-Wheel Carriages, D® —

Tax on Two-Wheel Carriages, D® —

Tax on Waggons — . D° —

Tax on Carts — — D® -

Tax of ir. per Lib. on Offices

Pensions — . __

Tax of 6 d.per Lib. on all Payments from the Crown (Army and

Navy excepted) — ___

Sheriffs Proffers — „

Fines of Leases — ___ ______

Relit of Allum Mines — .

Relit of a Light House — —

Compofuions in the Exchequer — .

Seizures — ___

Money repaid by Mcff'* Cox and Greenwood, Agents to the First Regiment of Foot Guards — - —

Ditto, by Ditto, as Agents to the

stream Regiment — —

Ditto, by Edward Bisftjopp and

Brummell, for Non-effective Men in West Kent Militia — —

Ditto, by Montagu Wilk Agent to the Royal Troop of Horse Guards

Ditto, by Meff" Ross and,

Agents to the 3d Regiment of Guards Ditto, by Melf" Rafts "and Ogilvie,

Agents to the 31st Regiment —

Ditto, by Rob' Rajhleigh, etfor Sale

of Army Accoutrements —

Ditto, by William Wood, late Paymaster of incidental Expeaces at Quftec —

5

19

d.

ioi

3,500 ——

300 ——

15 81

17 51

14 Si 1910I 14 7 12 — 12 10 19 3

5 -!

2,655 6 — f

8,000

»i5

5

140 — —

480 ——

6 13 4

2 io —

i,234 9 6

1,617 — "

630 ——

i,337 19 5 788 17 5 950 5 —

1,000 — —

4,5*4

1,446

19

8

8 7

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities which were formerly charged on 99 Years Excise, with the Salaries to the Officers of the Receipt of Exchequer, for Three Months, due 5th 1788 — —

D° — ^-ths Excise, with I)° — — _ — — . —

D® — 3,700 per Week Excise, — — with D® — — —

Annuities — A0 1706 — - — . with D® — — —

D° — — 1707 — — with D® — . — —

ift Act, 1708 — — with D® ——

2d Act, 1708 — — with D® ——

2 and 3 Lives, formerly charged on ^tha Excise — —

Lives with the Benefit of Survivorship ——

SOUTH SEA COMPANY.

Annuity and Management on £.24,065,084. 13. ni, their present Capital, for Three Months, due 5th April 1788 — < — . ——

Governor and Company of the Bank of England, or to their Cashier.-

Annuity and Management on £.32,750,000, 4 . Consol. Annuities, for 6 Months,

due 5th April 1788 - —

D® — for 30 and 29 Years, by Acts 18 and 19 Gij. 3'*' R‘, for D® ——

D® — for long Terms, consolidated by several Acts of Parliament, for D® — —

Annuities and Management on 37,340,073. 16. 4, 3 Cent. Reduced Annuities, after abating the Sum of £.76! is. from the same, being after the Rate of £.450 per Million for Management on the Principal Sum of 338,000, purchased Ly the Commissioners appointed for paying off the National Debt, for 6 Months, due 5th 1788 — —

Annuity A® 1777, for 10 Years, amounting to the Sum of £. 25,000 per Attn, which ceased upon the 5th April 1787, and is to be placed to tKe Account of the above Commissioners,

BANK OF ENGLAND.

Annuities and Management of £.3,200,000, at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for Three Months, due 12th

February 1788 - —

Annuity on£. 4,000,000, purchased of the South Sea Company, for Three Months, due 5th April

D® — 500,000, at 3 per Cent, for D® ——

D® — 1,250,000, at D® — for D" — — —

D® — 1,750,000, at D® — for D® ——

D°. — 986,800, at D®. — for D® — - *"* r —: —

£. s. d.

12,428

1,628

7*957

6,181

2,038

1,229

2,649

2,048

270

15

18

11

2

13

6

18

Ik

1

i°i 61 1^ 3i

l83>993 13

662i368 15 — 204,440 1 5I.

344,0*4 12 2*

568,426 11 5-V

10,500 ——

25,000 — —

3°>47 4 3*75° 9>37 5

13*125

7*401

10 ioi

O*

OO

Ox

p

cq'

N

CD

CL

CT

1

MoncyTepaid by William Cowdett Agent to the 29th Regiment — —

Imprest Money repaid by Loving,

Esquire, late Commissary for Pri-loners at New York — —

Ditto, by McfT" Ross and Ogilvie, Agents to the First Regiment of Light Dragoons — , —

Arrears of Taxes — —

Ditto, paid by John —

Arrears of the 15th 3J. Aid Anno 1767 Ditto — of the 40th 4 Aid Anno 1776 Ditto — of the 47th 4J. Aid Anno 1783 Ditto — of the 49th 4 Aid Anno 1785

To Cash brought from the Supplies granted for the Year 1788, to replace the following Sums paid out of the Sinking Fund, to make good sundry Deficiencies, and also the Loss to the said Fund by the Repeal of the Duties on Tea, Annis 1784 and 1785,

which (by an Act 27 Geo. 111.) are di-rested to be made a Part of this Consolidated Fund; viz'.

To make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 31 Geo. II. on the 5th Day of January 1787 — —

To make good the Deficiency of the Fund for'paying Annuities granted by an Act 18 Geo. III. on the 5th1 April 1787 — —

To make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 20th Geo. III. on D® — To make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 23 Geo. 111. on D® — To make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities granted by an Act 24 and 25 Geo. III. on D° —

To make good the Deficiency, on the 5 th Day of April 1787, of the Duties granted by TwoAfts, of the 24th and 25th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repealing the Duties on Tea, to satisfy several proportional Sums directed to be applied to make good the I^ofs to sundry Funds, as also the Loss to the Sinking Fund, occasioned by the Repeal of the said Oj Duties — —

5,000 — — 1,969 11 — I

392 10 1

1,000 ——

450 ——

382 12 ---

500 -

IOO — -

6,229 — 5

21,816 3 6l

68,8 95 16 81

H3>6i4 13 178,144 10 — 76,362 8 —

89,899 act

3>52<2,62i 18 6|

1

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

Annuity on £.3,200,000, at 3 per Cent, per Ann. for 3 Months, due 5 April 1788 —

D® — 1,000,000, at D® — for D° — __

The Judges of England and Wales, on their several additional Allowances, for 3 Months, due D® Charles Bembridge, Esquire, late Secretary and Accountant in the Office for managing the

former Duties on Wine Licences, for 3 Months, due D° — - _ —

More to him, as late Messenger in the above Office, for D® — — —

Ann Ca/s, late Office Keener in the above Office — — —

The Officers of the Exchequer Bill Office, on their Salaries, due D° — —

For the Support of His Majesty’s Houffield, for D®

His Royal Highness William Henry Duke of Glou

More to him — —

His Royal Highness Henry Frederick Duke of Cumberland,

The Representatives of Arthur Onslow, Esquire The Earl of Chatham — —

George Lord Rodney _ —

Sir George Augustus Elliot (now Lord Heathfield).

Lewis Lord Sondes, late one of the Auditors of the I mprefir.

Lord Cardiff, D" — —

Philip Deare, Esquire — —

John Wigglesworth, Esquire —

John Lloyd, Esquire — —

Charles Harris, Esquire — - —

Sir William Musgrave, Bart. Thomas Batt, and

sioners for auditing the Public Accounts, on their Annuities of 1,000 each, for 3 Months, due 5th April 1788 — — — — ' — —

Sir John Hick, and William Mollefon, Esquire, D° — on D® of £. 500 each, for D® —

For Clerks, Contingencies, ftfr. in the Office for auditing the Public Accounts, for D® —

Lady Dorchester, Guy Carlton, and Thomas Carlton, Esquires, on 1,000 a Year, for D® — Thomas Earl of Effingham, Mailer and Worker of His Majesty’s Mint in England, to clear the Expences of the said Mint, to the 5th January 1788 — — —

More to him, to clear the Expences of the said Mint, for the Quarter ended 5th April 1788

Surplus of thisEund, on the 5th of 1788.

Memorandum.

The above Sum of £. 1,142,173. I4J» 5 d. is to be applied to the following Purposes* viz'.

By Cash, to be applied by the Commissioners appointed by £. s. d. Parliament for reducing the National Debt — — 250,000 — —

By D% ___to complete 2,400,000, granted towards the

Supply for the Year 1787 — — — 303,010 19 2f

By D°, — remaining in the Exchequer, for the Disposition

of Parliament, on the 5th of ^r/7 1788 — — 589,162 15 a|

on his Annuity of 0 0 0 «s CO for D* — 2,000

on D° — 9,000, for D® — 2,250

on D° — 8,000, for D® — 2,000

on D" — 3,000, for D® — 750

on D* — 4,000, for D® — 1,000

on D® — 2,000, for D® — 500

on D® — 1,500, for D® — 375

on D® _ 7,000, for D® — I>75°

on D® — 7,000, for D® — I>75°

on D° — 3°°> for D® — 75

on D° — 300, for D® > 75'

on D® — 300, for D° — 75

on D° — 200, for D" — 5°

bn Martin Leakey Esquires, Commis-

24,000 — — 7,500 ——

3,262 10 —

OO

ov

3?

5

5

162

10

10

750 ——

250 — —

1,500 ——

250 — - —

829 3 6 3,450 ——

2,380,448 4 if

1,142,173 14 5

3,522,621 18 6}

Exchequer, the 14-th Day of Slpril iy%3.

John Ilughjon.

1,142,173 14 5

140 Aprilis. A. 1788.

28 Geo. III.

14° Apr

3S7

Account of 1 rish and Lambs Wool, kc. imported, prefeoted.

Ordered, That the fud Account do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of die House.4"'

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In-ipeftor General of the Exports and Imports of Great Britain, attended at the Door; he was called In and, at the Bar, presented to the Hpufe, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Quantities of IriJJj and Lambs Wool, and Woollen, or Bay Yarn, imported into England from Ireland\ between the 5 th of January 1777 anc^ the 5th of January 1788* distinguishing each Year. ' And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the ocher Papers of this Session.

and inclosed, are rated to the Land Tax at the Sum off. 67. 1 jx. 4^/. or thereabouts and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill)* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place* and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout* and then a Second Time, One by One* and, upon the Question severallyput thereupon, were agreed ro by the House.

Ordered, That the Eill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An inprofied Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles Bowyer Adderky, Esquire, and the future Tenants for Life of the 1\ dates devised by the Will of Bo:vyer /aiderIcy, Esquire, to grant Building

AdcJcrlty's £liate Bill coiumiited.

Committee on Lrringion’s Divorce Bill.

and Re;

jairing

Leases thereof, was read a Second

Hertford Pnv< ing BiJ] reported.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itfeJf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed BiJ] from the Lords, intituled. An

A eft to dissolve the Marriage of George Errington

Esquire, with Harriet Coren, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined Witnesses, for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill j and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill for the Parish Church

Mr. Career/ reported from the Committee, to whom of , in the County and for en-

larging the Church Yard of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of , and for enlarging

the Church Yard of the said Parish.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, aild delire their Concurrence.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Calvert, Sir Robert Lave ley. See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest i$ concerned in the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Pentre Rock, near the Town of Flint,to Greenfield, in the County of Flint, which

Bill was, upon the 18th Day of last, read a Se-

cond Time, and committed Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty's Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

King's Coii* lent to FJinc Cana] BiJJ.

clean!! ng.

the Bill for paving the Foot Paths, and lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was committed* That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true* and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House* and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

PacfdinefoTT Church Bilk passed.

An ingrossed Bill

in

Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kauceby In- Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to M whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure,

cloture

reported.

for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the Parish of Hawarden, in the County of Chester, to the Town of Flint, in the County of Flint, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, That the Copper Company shall pay the whole Expence of making the Road, over and above the Money subscribed.

And the said Clause was Twice read.

And a Member present having acquainted the House, That he had Authority from the said Company to consent, on their Part, to the said Clause*

The said Clause was read the Third Time* and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Rofolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and al-

Safiney and Flinr Road BiiJ passed.

had been complied with; and that the Committee had tering the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the

examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Owner of Lands, rated to the Land Tax at the Sum of Eight Shillings, who was waited upon, but could not be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be divided

County of Flint, to the Town of in the said

County.

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mofiyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Philipps reported from the whom the Bill for amending, widening.

Committee, to and keeping in

Carmnr.hrn

and Llandovery Ko3<Js Biii reported.

388

140 Apr.

A. 1788.

Bill to enable Justices to act out of Counties in which they reside, reported.

in Repair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter Pent Stephen,in the County of Car> and from Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen, to Lampeter Pont Stephen aforesaid, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Mainwaring, according to Order, reported frorii

the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable Justices of the Peace, being in the Commission of the Peace for more Counties than One, to act as such out of the Limits of the Counties in which they shall reside, in certain Cafes, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

C(

Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, borough, and Bonenbam, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Coal Trade Reading of the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the future. Combination of Coal " Owners, Lightermen, Masters of Ships, and others,

" to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the " Coal Trade;" and also, an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Regula-" tien of the Coal Trade;"- and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally pro^ posed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 13. To leave out ,c May," and insert " June " instead thereof.

I.31. To leave out " May," and insert " June " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, Ond 'severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and

Tavistock

Wi*,

The Lord* have agreed to

MaiJftone Road Bill*

Farringdon Inclosure Hill, with Amendment*.

The Lords have passed

Ctnfin’s Estate Bill.

EastLcoe

Writ.

by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of in the County of

Devon, in the room of the Right honourable Richard Rigby, deceased.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr* Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debt-ling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent-, without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of the House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of William Chafin, Clerk, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts, for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Ploufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of East Loce, in the County of Cornwall,in the room of Richard Grosvenor,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His

Coonfel hnri on Second Reading of the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Rcjolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled,

" An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the fu-c ture. Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen,

" Masters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price " of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade,

" and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for thefurther Encouragement of the Coal Trade ;" and also, an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade;" and to indemnify and save. harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for rendering more effectual an Act, made and passed in the Third Year of the Reign Newcilit of his late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better " Regulation of the Coal Trade." and also for repealing an Act, made and passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland," so far as the same relates to Newcastle, and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purposes;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Part Owners of Ships using the Coal Trade on the River Tyne; and also, the Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, in the County of the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, were also read.

And the Counsel for the above-mentioned Petitioners (no Counsel appearing in Behalf of the Petition of the Master, Pilots, and Seamen of the Trinity House of the Port of Newcastle) were heard, and ex-3 amined

2$ Geo. III.

14 — 15'

5 8P

amined several Witnesses in Support of the said Peti- same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, tiens, and went through their Evidence. if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend

And the Counsel for the Bill were also heard, and their Service in the House immediately; and, if he examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Bill find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who against the said Petitions. refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into

And one of the Counsel against the Bill having been his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be

Motion for committing it. Meg.

heard by Way of Reply;

The Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Managers at the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, proposed, That the Bill be committed; were called over; and they went to the Places in

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon; Westminster appointed for them.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pur. Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of That the Debate be adjourned till FridaySevennight, the whole House, in order to be present at the said, the 25th Day of this Instant April-, Trial.

It passed in the Negative. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Question being put, That the said Bill be Then the Members were called over by the Clerk;

committed;

The House divided. The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers For the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

f The Lord ,|

I Mr. Lambton: J

f Mr. Grey,

I Mr. Brandling.

*3*

44

by their Counties, as usual ;and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker refufned the Chair.

A Petition of the Reverend the Archdeacon and Clergy of the Archdeaconry of Leicester: And also,

A Petition of the Provincial Synod of and c^Th.

Petitions firots the Archdeaconry of Lei-

Sidlers Welle License Bill dcFcrred.

Debtors and Creditors Bill deferred.

Supply dc+ ferred.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for the licensing of the Performance of certain public Entertainments therein mentioned, to be exhibited at the Place called Sadlers JVells, in the Parish of Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex,in such Manner as is therein expressed, be read a Second Time upon Friday Seven-night, the 25th Day of this Instant April.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granting the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs,

Provincial Synod of Glasgow and Air, and the Inhabitants of Taunton, respecting the Slave Trade*

Air: And also,

A Petition of the Mayor and principal Inhabitants of the Town of ‘Taunton, in the County of Somerset -,

Were severally presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Confederation of the House. __

And the said Petitions were severally ordered < to lie upon the Table.

A Petition of certain Land Owners and Growers of Petition from Wool, whose Names arc thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of of wJoT*" the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Ad ag»in(l of Parliament, several Laws now in being for prevent- Wo15,u’

Wsys and Means dc-

m____1

Jarred.

ed to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Twelve of the Clock on

Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufadurcs, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fuller’s Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco/Pipe Clay, from this King-

!Tuesday Morning, adjourned till this Morning, dom, and from the IOes of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney,

Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 150 die Alprilis

Anno 28* Prayers.

Georgii

IIP" Regis, 1788.

Trlsl of Mr. Hillings.

S)RDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts, and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Wooland Setting forth, That the Petitioners apprehend such Bill, if passed into a Law, will be extremely injurious and of-preflive to the Petitioners and all Growers of Wool in this Kingdom: And therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against such Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their CounfeJj against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, the said Petition.

and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the You. XLIII.

The House was moved, That the Order, made up- Secohd on the 20th Day of March last, for reading the said inR of D* Bill Bill a Second Time upon Thursdaynext, might be dcfetrcd* read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

£G Ordered,

59°

150 Apr ills.

A. 1788.

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Sevennight, the 25th Day of this Instant April 5 The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas*

White Afties Bill presented.

performed at Sadlers Wells for many Years before, under a Licence from the Justices of the Peace, and which Entertainments, from their long uninterrupted Performance, the Petitioners conceived to be lawful; that accordingly several Sums of Money were advanced by the Petitioners, and divers other principal Persons, and a Piece of Ground was procured, and a proper Building has been erected thereon, fitted up, and furnished for the Purpose, at an Expence of many Thousand Pounds, which cannot be altered for any other useful Purpose; and that the Petitioners find there is a Bill depending in the House for explaining and amending the Laws relating to Entertainments to be performed under the Licence of the Justices of the Peace, and that the House hath been pleased to instruct the Committee, to whom the said Bill is referred, to receive a Clause for the Benefit or Protection of the Proprietors of Sadlers Wells; and Rfclgrt of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act that the Petitioners advanced their Money as afore-

" against ’ ‘ r ‘ " r ' r:j - r' — CJ ----- 1 — 1:1 — ——

Tellers for the Noes,

IS*

3°-

J Sir Peter Burrell, 1

I Mr. Anderjoti Pelham: J J Mr. Phelips, 7

[Mr. Spencer Stanhope: J So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Sevennight.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the

The Lords have agreed to

Militia Pay Bill.

said, in full Confidence that the like Entertainments, which had.been uninterruptedly performed at the Wells for many Years, might legally be performed at the said Theatre, and hope that it appears to the House, with the same Reason and Justice, that, as public A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Pepys and Mr. Amusements are proposed to be performed at Sadlers

the carrying of White Afties out of the " Realm :" And the same was received' ;and read the First Time.

Refdved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mmgotsfeld Watte Bill.

The Lords will proceed To-monow on Mr. Haf-tingVs Trial.

Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the a Bill, intituled, An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloath-ing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight; without any Amendment: And also, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Mangotsfield, in the County of Gloucester (except Mangotsfield Common, Emcrjon's Green, and Finney Green) and for vetting the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge, Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Relit Charge issuing out of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Wells, the like Entertainments may, with equal Reason and Justice, be extended to, and be performed in, the East Part of the Town, at the said Royalty Theatre, and under the same Reftrlftions, and the rather as the same will be for the Ease and Accommodation of a large and opulent District, and of Thousands of Inhabitants residing the rein, several Thousands of whom have already signed a Petition to the House, expressing their Approbation and Desire to have a Place of public Entertainment in the said Hamlets: And therefore praying, That the House will order a like instruction to the Committee for receiving a Clause in Favour of the Petitioners in the said Bill, as has been already directed with respect to Sadlers Wells.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

fMr. Mainwaring, Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor:

Papists Deed* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill for T'ii.rc fnr tK- xr 5 Sir Erskine,

mi wills in — n.(Vs. tiui uic ucs, 1

".f allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and

Kill ° .

Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And that Mr. and Sir Herbert

Mackworth do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

rolli.ent Bill ordered.

18.

31*

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are the Prophetors thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and Theauo,°te^ other the Proprietors of the Royalty Theatre, in the j«6ied. Tower Hamlets, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That in the several Parishes of Saint Mary Whitechapel, Saint Botolph Aldgate, Saint John Wapping, Saint George Ratcliffe Highway, Saint Paul Saint Ann

Limehouse, Saint Dunstan Stepney, Saint Mary at Stratford Bow, Saint John Hackney, Saint Leonard Shoreditch, Saint Matthew Bethnal Green, Christ Church Spitalfields, and the Old Artillery, within the Tower Hamlets, the great Increase of Buildings has formed a Circuit of several Miles, and the Number of Inhabitants having multiplied in Proportion, and many Thousands of Persons residing the rein, it was thought that a Building opened there, under the Justices Licence, would be both expedient and necessary for the like Entertainments and Performances as had been

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Petition be rejected.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration LordsAmaJ. the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, fa?BiUigrai the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, to Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. i. 1. 9. After " whereas" insert *the Right " Reverend the Lord Bishop of " Lincoln, in Right of his See, is " Patron of the Prebend of Langford Ecc, in the Cathedral Church of Lincoln, and."

I. 11. After " the" insert" said," and in the same Line leave out from <c Prebend" to " is" in Line 13.

I.18. After the Second tc of" insert " Glebe."

Pr. ia.

a8 Geo. Hi.

i5° — r<5‘

Bill to amend A&f relating to Persons representing Interludes, &c. committed*

Pr. 12.1. 14. Leave out from "whereas" to «that" in Line 17, and insert "it is expedient."

1. 25. Leave out "may"and insert"should." 1. 23* Lea.veout"may"andinsert"shouldi" and in the same Line leave out " him " and insert " the said Vicar "of the Vicarage of ."

1. 32. After " shall " insert " and they are " hereby required to cause a Valuation to be made of all the said " Vicarial Tythes; and after making such Valuation, the said " Commissioners, or the major " Part of them, shall."

Pr. 13.1. 2. Leave out from " the" to " and " in Line 4, and insert " said Vicarial " Tythes."

1.11. Leave out from " Lessees " to " equal" in Line 13, and insert " such Sum " of Money as shall be."

The said Amendments being severally read A Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Master do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A Bill to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend so " much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the " Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, " Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of tc Parliament, and for the more effectual punishing " such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be tc sent, as relates to common Players of Interludes;" and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, " and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, *c and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses," so far as the same relate to Persons representing Interludes, Tragedies, Comedies, Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Music, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and or within Twenty Miles thereof, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. waring, Mr. Ladbroke, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

391

Counties in which they shall reside, in certain Cafes, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Justices of the Pcac4 to act as such, in certain Cafes, out of the Limits of the Counties for which they shall act.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of , was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be; An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrents.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Thread Manufacture.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir James Johnstone took the Chais of the Comfnit-tee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir James JohnJlcne reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Sir James Johnflone accordingly reported from thd said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

And Sir James JohnJlcne moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread: And that Sir James John and the Lord Advocate of Scotland do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 16° Aprilis;

Hertford Pav- An ingrossed Bill for paving the Foot Paths, and

wig Bill paired, cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for paving the Foot Ways, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

Ordered, That Mr. Calvert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bill to enable Justices to act put of Counties in which they reside* patted.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Justices of the Peace, being in the Commission of the Peace for more Counties than One, to act as such out of the Limits of the

Anno 28° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

S)R D E R ED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending tjiis House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend

Rauccbv In-c'o'me Bill passed.

Committee on Thread Manufacture.

reported*

Bill ordered*

Trial of Mr, Hatting*.

392

attend their Service in the House immediately j and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his C'ustody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Thamei md Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom l(is Navigation the Petition of the Commissioners appointed by and ported.0 r*" for putting into Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Eleventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, intituled, "An Act for improving and compleating the Navigatien of the Rivers ’Thames and IJts, from the City " of London to the Town of in the County of Wilts," and another Act, made in the Fifteenth Year of His said Majesty’s Reign, for amending the aforesaid Act, was referred i That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Application is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, it not being intended to extend the Navigation, or to purchase any Lands without the Consent of the Owners thereof, or Persons interested therein; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and be read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read* and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. Henry Allnutt, Clerk to the said Commissioners, being examined, said. That they have borrowed £.28,900, and applied the same in carrying the said Acts into Execution — That Assignments of the Tolls are given for the said Sum — That the Commissioners have adverdfed for £. to,000 more, £.8,300 of which is actually lent, and the Remainder is ready, and will be advanced when required — That all the Money so borrowed, together with the Tolls received, have been duly applied in improving the Navigation of the River Thames from Staines to Cleve — That a further Sum of Money is required, so as to make the Whole -£70,000, or thereabouts, in order to enable the Commissioners effectually to improve the Navigation of the said Rivers.

And being further examined, he said. That the Price of Carriage of Goods on the Thames is lessened at Marlow about One-fifth; the Carriage of a Chaldron of Coals from London to the above Town being now Eight Shillings, which, before the passing of the said Acts, was from Nine Shillings to Half a Guinea — That the Freight of Coals is lessened throughout the whole Navigation, and of other Goods in nearly the same Proportion, the Navigation being more safe, certain, and expeditious, and the Boats consequently making more Voyages in the Year than they formerly did.

And being further examined, he said, That the Commissioners would be better enabled to continue and compleat the Navigation of the said Rivers if

16° Ap.

A. 1788.

they were impowered to collect Tolls on the Towing Paths for the Use of the fame, and also at the Weirs,

Flalh Locks, or Turnpikes, as well as at the Pound Locks — That Power is also wanting to purtchafe Lands for compleating the Navigation, by making Cuts, Pound Locks, and other Devices, at other Places besides those where thereare Flalh Locks at present, and that the Restraint the Commissioners are now under with respect to the Depth of Water is inexpedient, as it tends to prevent the Improvement of the Navigation.

Then an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, ««An Act " more effectually to improve and compleat the Navigation of the River Thames Westward of London " Bridge, within the Liberties of the City of,

" and to prevent any Vessel or Barge from being " moored in Taplow Mill Stream, in the County of " Bucks," was read, whereby it appeared. That the Power of the Commissioners, under the said Act of the Eleventh Year of His present Majesty, was limited to so much of the said Rivers as is above the Boundary of the City of London's Jurisdiction at Staines, in the County of Middlesex.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and compleating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Crick-, lade: And that Mr, Call, Mr. Vanjittart, and Mr. Pye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir John Eden reported from the Committee, to south shields whom the Bill for supplying with Water the Town of Water Bin South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping re- reported' sorting to the said Town, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by th?

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House jtojvjr *-to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, erre to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ways and to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de* to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the *

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr, Pepys and Mr. The lords

Walker: hMe *«twd *

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Marchwi*.

Act for continuing the Term, and varyingfome of the Road Bi"*

Pro vi flops.

Hull Roads Bill.

The Lords have patted Pease’s Exchange Bill.

Sir Geo. Amyand's Estate Bill.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr^Hastings's Trial.

Mr. Cadell to attend Committee on Charge against Sir Elijah Im-

i*y-

Chafin'sEstate Bill read.

Accounts of Vessels cleared Outwards for Africa, and of Bounties paid on Greenland and Davis*s Streights Fittiery Ships, presented.

18 Geo. III. i — 17

Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of through Bangor, Worthenburyand Hanrner, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to Malpas, in the County of , and from

Redbrook to Hampton, in the said County of Salop j without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of laby, and from thence to the Town of Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have'paired a Bill, intituled, An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments between the Trustees of a Charity Estate in in the

Parish of Hefsle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robinson Pease, Esquire; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Amy and Baronet, deceased, in T ruftees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in, the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses; to which the Lords deftre the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. T. Cadell do, this Day, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of William Chafin, Clerk, in the Counties of Doand for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Commissioners of the Custorr.s, attended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, cleared Outwards from the different Pprts of Great Britain for the Coast of Africa, dillingullhing each Port, for the Years 177a, 1773,

1774. 1775. 1776> *777> *778, 1779* *78°, 1781, 1782, 1783, 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Bounties which were paid on the Ships which failed to the Greenland and Davis’s Streights Fishery in 1785, 1786, and 1787; distinguishing the Amountpaid in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Vol. XLIII.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Webjler took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Webjler reported from the Committee* That they had examined several other Witnesses, and had made a further Progress in the Matter to them re-ferrech; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Seven-night, the 25th Day of this Instant April, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

jfovisy 170 die Afrilis;

Anno 28* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

PETITION of the Wool Growers of the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worded, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of, as Wool again, Mat-trafies or Beds (luffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fuller’s Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and into Foreign Parts, and for rendering more effectual an Act, pafi*ed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the winding " of Wool;" and Setting forth, That the Petitioners cannot but be apprehensive of any Alterations in the Laws respecting Wool, coming from Men who have proved themselves so hostile to the Rights and Properties of the Petitioners, and who have withdrawn a Series of Propositions, which, had they paired into a Law, would have been highly injurious to the Petitioners, and tended much to decrease the Growth of Wool irt this Country; and that the Clause in the Bill which revives obsolete Laws, and which, if executed, would prove heavily injurious to the Petitioners in the waffling and winding of Wool, would be impracticable to be carried into Execution without great Opprelfion, and would prove burthensome to the Wool Grower in the ordinary Course of his Business; and that the Petitioners consider the Attempt to extend the Restrictions upon the Removal of Wool to all the Maritime Counties of the Kingdom, at the same Time that the illicit Trade is proved but in a few, to be highly injurious to all Growers of Wool, as it tends evidently to impede the necessary and legal Transport, and consequently to link its Price; and that the Petitioners conceive the Laws now in being to be amply sufficient for preventing so pernicious

5 H a Practice,

Committee on Charge against Sir Elijah Hope?*

Petition* from Suffolk, and the Bast Riding of York (hi re, against the Wool Bill*

South Shields Water Bill palfed

Pilot Canal Bill reported.

"Huddersfield Hoad Bill reported#

176 ApriliS. j4. 1788.

a Practice as that of smuggling Wool, as much as any Laws whatever can prevent it, when the Object of such Practice is so extremely depressed in its Price in one Kingdom, and left to find its fair and equal Market Value in every other Country} and that the effectual Means of preventing such clandestine Trade is, not to increase Restriction, but to lelTen the Temptation, which the Petitioners conceive would not be effected by a Bill, whose only Tendency is to lower the Price of a Product so important to them as that of Wool: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, or their Counsel, against the said Bill passing into a Law.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Occupiers of Lands in the East Riding of the County of , was also presented to the House, and read; likewise taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the same contains such Restrictions and Regulations, enforced by severe Penalties, as will be extremely of-preflive to the Growers of Wool, and, operating to the Discouragement of the Breed of Sheep, will be injurious to the Landed Interest: And therefore praying, That the same may not pass into a Law.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time; and the first-mentioned Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

An ingrafted Bill for supplying with Water the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to the said Town, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for supplying with Water the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to the said Town.

Ordered, That Sir John Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Roger Mostyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Ventre Rock, near the Town of to Greenfield, in the County of Flint, was committed; and to whom the Petition of Sir Thomas Hanmer, Baronet, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Behalf of the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was diiagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for prohibiting the erecting Buildings for smelting Copper, within a certain Distance of the Castle, without the King’s Consent.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

vesting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River

Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report iri his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or B»gby indo-Commons^within the Township o in the North ®'*1 com'

Riding of the County of Yftrk,was read a Second ' ’ Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dun-combe, Mr. Call, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An PeafesE*-Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments between the Trustees of a Charity Estate in Hejslewood, in the Parish of Hejsle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robtnjon Pease, Esquire;

was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace; and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Duncombt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing and amending an Act of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for di-

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are Petition for thereunto subscribed. Proprietors or Owners of cer- *bion?n Brist* tain Messuages or Tenements, and other Premisses in toiStrwttBiii.

the

Petition to amend and al« ter the Pawn-brokers A£.

28 Geo. III. 170

the City of Bristol, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That by an Act passed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for widening several Streets, Lanes, Ways, and Passages within the City of Bristol, and for opening several new Streets and Passages within the same, and other Purposes. Power is given to the Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty'of the said City for the Time being, or their Assigns, to widen, enlarge, and render more convenient, such and so much of the several Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places as are mentioned and described in Two several Schedules to the said Act annexed; and that pursuant to the said Act, many of the Houses and Buildings contained in the said Schedules were speedily.after the passing thereof taken down, for the Purposes therein mentioned, and the Petitioners being Proprietors of Houses and other Premisses, comprized in one or both of the said Schedules, expected that very lhortly (or at least in a reasonable Time) they should likewise have been called upon to dispose of the said Premisses to them respectively belonging for the Purposes aforesaid, and which are contained in one or both of the said Schedules to the said Act annexed j but, notwithstanding Twenty Years have nearly expired since the passing of the said Act, no legal Application has been made to the Petitioners for their said Premilfes, and they still remain in the same uncertain State in respect thereof, as they were in at the Time of passing of the said Bill; and that from the Influence of the said Act, together with the unlimited Time given for enforcing the fame, and the Reports at various Times since the passing thereof propagated in the said City of Bristol, that the Pre-milfes belonging to the Petitioners were then lhortly to be taken down for the Purposes of the said Act, many of the Petitioners Tenants, who were of Re-speftability, hastily quitted the Premilfes in their Possession, from the Uncertainty of their Tenure, to seek a more permanent Habitation, and, for the like Rea-ions, other Persons have objected to become Tenants, so that the Petitioners have not only been disappointed in letting their Estates to good and substantial Tenants, or for a Term of Years certain (as they had been accustomed to do) but have been also prevented making such Improvements thereon as they might otherwise have been inclined to have done, whereby, instead of the Petitioners making the most of their respective Premilfes, they, for a long Time past, have been, and at this Instant are, under the disagreeable Necelfity either of suffering their Estates to be totally void, or (when they can get Tenants) of letting them to Persons of low or inconsiderable Circumstances, who frequently abscond without discharging their Relit, to the great Detriment, Loss, and Inconvenience of the Petitioners: And, that the Petitioners having been informed that the said Mayor, Burgesses, and Commonalty, are about to solicit the House for another Act of Parliament respecting the Improvements of the said City, therefore praying, That a Clause or Clauses may be inserted in the said intended Act (if the same should pass the House) preferibing some short Period wherein the Petitioners said Estates shall be either subject to the Powers and Authorities of the said Act of Parliament palfed in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, or to be for ever thereafter absolutely released and discharged therefrom, and to grant the Petitioners such other Relief in the Premises, as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that- Business within the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the I

395

House, and read; Setting forth. That a petition,hath been presented to the House for Leave to bring.jn,a Bill, to make perpetual an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for further regulating the Trade arid flufiness of Pawnbrokers; and that the Petitioners conceive, that, instead of the said Act being made perpetual as it now stands,it is expedient that the same should be amende ed and altered in certain Respects, and that, subject to such Amendments and Alterations, it will be for the BeneHt of the Trade, and of public Utility, that the said Act should be made perpetual: And therefore praying, That*in the Bill so prayed for by the said former Petition, Provisiori may be made for amending and altering the said Act, ini such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves, and others, Pawnbrokers, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of this Petition; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House.

Mr. Alderman Iteivnbamreported from the Coni- Bill resptfling mittee, to whom the Bill to repeal an Act made in the inSir»n«» on Twenty-fifth Year of the R.eign of His present Ma- goSS -jesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Insurances on ported.’

" Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects,’* and for substituting other Provisioris for the like Purpose in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Ques-tien put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, bd ingrossed.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are Petition thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and j‘sainlt p»m* others, Inhabitants of the Town of Cambridge, was bui. presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, for widening the Streets,

Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town with Water; and Setting forth, That the said Bill contains divers Clauses, which will, in their Operation, be very oppressive on the Petitioners, and others. Inhabitants of the said Town, and injurious to the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard by themselves, their Agents, or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them; and that the same may not pass into a Law as it now stands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to Birmingham whom the Bill for re-building the Bridge over the ®ride^jJia River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deri- repon ‘

tend

395

170 Apr

A. 1788.

Dtrby Bridge Petition rcT ported.

tend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto 1 and of the said Road; without any Amendment.: And for widening and varying the Course of the said Ri- also,

ver near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An scoie Bridge other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of Aft/or continuing the Term of an Act of the Ninth Road Bill, the said Town from being Overflowed, was commit- Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widen-ted; That the Committee had examined the Allega- ing the Road from Stole Bridge to the Town of Bury tiens of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and Saint Edmund's, in the County of Suffolk, and for that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and amending the said Act j without any Amendment: made several Amendments thereunto, which they had And also,

directed him to report to the House} and he read the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Report in his Place and afterwards delivered the Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands,

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; within the Townships of Kirkbymoorjide, Fadmoor, and

and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Gillamoorin the Parish of Kirkbymoorjide, in the North

Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by Riding of the County of York; without any Amend-the House. ment: And also.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ingrossed. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in

the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Yuefday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in minster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Kirkbymoor-(ide Inclosure Bill.

Lord George Cavendish reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Mayor and Burgesses of the Borough of Derby,in the County of Derby, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the said Petition is not within the Standing Orders of the House, of the 23d of May 1786, relative to building Bridges, it not being for erecting

The Lords willprocee4 on Tuefdayoii Mr. Hastings’t Trial.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Extracts from the Confutations of the President and Council at Chuttanutta in Bengal, from the 29th of a Bridge, or for the Renewal or Alteration of any Act December 1697 to the 31st of ORober 1698, both in-of Parliament palfed for that Purpose; and that the elusive, relative to the Acquisition of the Towns of Committee had examined the Matter of the said Peti- Decalcutta, Chuttanutta, and to the

tien; and had directed him to report the fame, as it Company.

appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at Copy of Paragraphs from 97 to 101, both inclusive, the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East

East India Pipers ordered.

as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, John Leaper, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Bridge called Saint Mary's Bridge, over the River Derwent, is very much decayed, narrow, and unsafe for Travellers and Passengers, and the Avenues leading thereto are narrow and incommodious; and that in order to render the Passage to and over the said River safe and commodious, it is necessary that the said Bridge Should be taken down and a new Bridge erected, and that the Avenues thereto should be widened.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto: And that Lord George Cavendish, Mr. Mundy, Lord George called England;

India Company to the President and Council at Fort William, dated 3d March 1758.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Opinion of Mahomed Reza Kbdn,

Souba, and Naib Douan, concerning the several Offices of Souba and Douan of the Kingdom of Bengal.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proclamation published on the Depofi* tien of Mahomed Reza Kbdn, and the East India Company’s assuming publickly the Office of Douan.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second second Read* Reading of the Bill for the better Relief and Employ- >ng of Poor ment of the Poor within that Part of Great Britain P!*Joss

for 1 Months

Augustus Henry Cavendish, and Mr. Edward Coke, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Corporation, and principal Inhabitants of the Borough of Derby, and its Vicinity, was presented to the House, and read; Repre-

Derby rcfyefl ing the "

Trade.

: Slave

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End

fenting the present State of the African Slave Trade, as of the Question to add the Words "upon this Day

being contrary to the Principles of Justice, Humanity, good Policy, and Religion; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords by Mr. Pepys and Mr. have agreed to Walker:

That the Word " now"

Pool and Of-weftry Roads Bill.

Three Months.’

And the Question being put,' stand Part of the Question.

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Mr. Gilbert, 1 Mr. Brickdale: J Mr. Young,

Mr. Powney.

So it palfed in the Negative.

And the Question being put. That the Words,

Tellers for the Yeas, Tellers for the Noes, |

Mr. Speaker,

The Lx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Pool,through OJweJlry, to Wrexham; from

Knockin to Uanrbaidr; from Whiteburst’s House, in the

Road between OJweJlry and Wrexham, to Llangollen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh; and for discharging the Trustees for repairing the Bala and upon this Day Three Months.

Dolgelley Roads from the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County of Denbigh, And then the House adjourned till and for making Provision for the future Repair Morning, Ten of the Clock,

10.

44-

" upon this Day Three Monthsbe added at the End of the Question.

It was resolved in the Affirmative,

Then the main Question, so amended, being put; Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time

Tomorrow

Veneris,

a8 Geo. III.

18° Aprilis.

i9l

Vmens, 18® Aprilis;

Anno i8* Georgii III*" Regis, 1788.

Pr avers.

AN ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Wafall to Hamjtead Bridge, and the Road

leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Walsall and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford, was read the Third Time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for exempting the Inhabitants of Handsworth from Statute Labour.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, Land Tax at the Annual Value of 151. 14 id.;

Ordered, That the Earl Gower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Mundy reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamiet or Liberty of in the County of Derby, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands aftefted to the Land Tax at the Annual Value of £.8. is. 6d. who refused to sign the Bill i and also, except the Owners of Lands assessed to the Land Tax at the Annual Value of 19/. 6 who could not be found j and that the Whole of the Lands, intended to be inclosed, are aftefted to the

Spondon Inclosure Bill reported*

to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder,

Another ingrafted Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing Gravel to be got in the Manor of Handsworth.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill;

Pr. to 1. 14. After Roads" to insert *f within " the Parish of but not

" elsewhere, upon the said Roads."

1. 19. To leave out " or remove,"

1. 21. After " Ings" to insert " and remove the same to any other Part or " Parts of the said Roads within " the said Parish of Walsall."

Pr. 13.1. 22. After " Coals" to insert " or Sleek." Pr. 19. 1. 32. To leave out " or," and after " Ma-" nure" to insert " or Lime to be " used, or."

1. 34. To leave out " Chalk and Lime excepted," and insert " only" instead thereof.

Pr. 35.1. 11. T o leave out from " Bridge" to "and" in 1. 18. and in fere and from the " said Shujlock Meadow to a House " known by the Name or Sign of " 7'beBlue Boar, now in the Occupation of Gilbert Haugbton, and from thence across certain Lands belonging to Huxley, " Thomas Hoo, Esquire, George " Birch, Esquire, and William Turner, to a certain Stable or " Outhouse, occupied by Joseph "Shilton, there to join the present " Road leading to Birmingham,'’ instead thereof.

1. 37. After " Roads" to insert including " the Footpaths."

Pr. 36. 1. 10. To leave out " Moor or."

and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill) -, and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the teieefterasd Road from the Leicester and WelfordTurnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, at Gtavel p*

Pit Close, near Foston Lane, to the Hinckley and de la Zouch Turnpike Road, at Barlestone Lane End, in the said County of Leicester, w&s read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 28.1. 6. To leave out the Clause ending in Line 26.

Pr, 56. 1. 9. To leave out the Clause ending in Pr. 57.1. 6.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Foston Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicestert

Ordered, That Mr. Loraine Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Henniker reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in reported, the County of Somerset, was committed; That the

Compton Martin Inclo* fare Bill

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and and found the same to be true; and that the Parties the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of be. An Act for amending, widening, turning, and Estates of the Annual Value of f. 60, who could not keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town be met with; and that the Whole of the Lands en-of Walsall to Hamjlead Bridge, and the Road leading titled to Right of Common are of the Annual Value of from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Cold- £. 655. ioj.; and that no Person appeared before the field, and the Road leading from the said Town to Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Commit-a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the tee had gone through the Bill, and made several Parishes of Walsall and Wolverhampton, all in the Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him County of Stafford. to report to the House; and he read the Report in his

Vol. XLIII. 5 I Place >

398

18° Aprilis.

A. 1788.

Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the , That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts Amendments were Once read throughout; and then of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road a Second Time, One by One; and; upon the Ques- from Dottca/ier, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the of Fade after in the County of York: And that

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ingrossed.

be

Flint Canal Bill passed*

An ingrossed Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Pentre Rock, near the Town of Flint, to Greenfield,in the County of was read

the Third Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Pentre Rock, near the Town of to

Greenfield, in the County of Flint,

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mostyn do carry the Bill to the Lord?, and desire their Concurrence.

Roads Pernio* reported.

Doctor Pulef-tcn’sExchange Bill committed.

East Mouldfey Sewers Bill presented.

An

ingrossed

Bill

from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend Philip Pulefton, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of in

the County of Denbigh, and Sir Williams Wynn,

Baronet, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to Doncaster and whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for put- Wakefiel‘1 ting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Thirtieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, «« An Act for enlarging " the Terms and Powers granted by Two several " Acts, passed in the Fourteenth Year of his said late Majesty, the one for repairing the Roads from a Place called The Red Houfte, near Doncaster, to " Wakefield, and through the said Town of Wakefield,

" by Dewsbury, Hightown, and Lightcliffe, to the Town " of Halifax, in the West Riding of the County of " York , and the other for repairing the Road from " Wakefield to PontefraEt, and from thence to a Place " called Weeland, in the Township of Henftall, and from Ponteftrat7to Wentbridge, in the Township of

Darrington, in the West Riding of the County of York," so far as the same relates to the District or

(C

Doncaftrr and

Ferrybridge Hoads Petition reported.

Division of the said Roads, between the Red Houfte Reftolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Roger aforesaid and the South End of Wakefield Bridge, over Mostyn, Mr. Parry, &c.: And they are to meet this Colder, and to one other District or Division of the Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s said Roads between Wakefield and PontefraEt, and from Chamber. thence to Weeland, and to the Road from

to Wentbridge, was referred; That the Committee had Sir Jofteph Mawbey presented to the House, accord- examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the

ing to Order, a Bill for explaining, and rendering House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Acts were read: And

Mr. William Burrows being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Acts, and have borrowed a considerable Sum of Money on the Credit of the Tolls thereby granted — That there is now remaining due upon the Credit of the Tolls upon the District called The Redhoufte DistriEl, the Sum of ft. 3,340, and upon the District called The Weeland District, the Sum of ft. 4,700, which

more effectual, the Powers given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldfey, in the County of Surrey, to Ravenfbourne, in the County of Kent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Reftolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees for putting in Execution an Act of Parliament, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enlarge and continue the Term and Powers granted by an Act, passed in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, intituled, An Act for repairing " the Roads from Doncaftet, through Ferrybridge, to " the South Side of Fade after Crofts, and also from

Ferrybridge to Wetberby, and from thence to Bo- Monies cannot be repaid, nor the Roads kept in pro-

roughbridge, in the County of York, as to so much " of the said Act as relates to the said Roads from " Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side " of Fade after Crofts," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th. of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said

per Repair, unless the Term (which is near expiring) be further continued, and the Powers of the said Acts altered and enlarged. — And the Witness added. That it will be necessary to vary and increase the Tolls. ’

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament,-so far as the same relate to the Roads

Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, from the Red Houfte, near Doncaster, to the South End

as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the ~..... " ——

Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Thomas William Tew being examined, said,

That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, whereby they have incurred a consider-able Debt, which cannot be paid off, and the Roads be properly amended, unless the Term and Powers of the said Act are enlarged — That there are Two very steep Hills in the said Road, which might be avoided by diverting the Course of the Road, and that by so doing the Distance would also be shortened. %

of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to PontefraEt, and from thence to Weeland, in the Township of Henftall, and from PontefraEl to Wentbridge, in the West Riding of the County of York: And that Mr. John Smyth and Mr. Duncombe do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the High Sheriff, Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders, of the County of Rutland, was presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being repugnant to . the Precepts of Christianity, and a Violation of the Rights of Human Nature; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

5 Ordered,

Petition from Rutland respecting the Slave Trade.

Sir Henry

(Clinton VTruft Bill reported, and passed*

Sir George Amyand's Estate Bill lead.

Huddersfield Road Bill passed*

Erightlide Io-cioture Bill committed*

Committee on Exeter Poor Bill to fit notwithstanding Adjournment of the House.

28 Geo. III. 186 Ap599

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

- Mr. Galley Knight reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for diverting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Trusts of divers Castles, Honours* Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for vesting the same in another Trustee, upon the same Trusts, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect, was committed That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Galley Knight do carry the Bill to the Lords and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Amyand, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money arising by such Sale in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for continuing and amending an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, for diverting, altering, widening, repairing, and amending the Road from Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey called Enterelough , on the Confines of the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing and amending an Act, of the Eighth Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enterelough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of , in

the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Duncombe, Mr. Galley Knight, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of

Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, is committed* have Leave to fit Tomorrow, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House*

Lord George Cavendish presented to the House, ac- Derby Bric’gt cording to Order, a Bill for re-building the Bridge 1,111 Prefeiued* over the River Derwent,at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto: And the same was received j and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Bridge over Birmingham the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Bridge Bill Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; p* ’ and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto j and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Lawley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Bill resetting Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- °"

jesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Insurances Goods,'pafkd* of on Ships, and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects," and for substituting other Provisions, for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, *« An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships,

" and on Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects," and for substituting other Provisions, for the like Purpose, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir James Johnstone presented to the House* accord- Thread Ma-ing to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of the nufacture Bill Manufacture of Ounce Thread: And the same was Prekm"J* received and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Petition of the Woollen Manufacturers in Kendal, Peiiiion from in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the fi~

House, and read; Praying, That the House will adopt Wool°Bii'i', such Measures for effectually preventing the Exportation of Wool and Live Sheep* and for protecting the Trade and Manufactories as well of the Petitioners as the other Woollen Manufacturers of this Kingdom, as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for regulating Buildings and £arty Walls Bill for re^u-within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, ja,ing ®U'M* was read a Second Time* wSa.lTfn Br7>

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brick- *toi,committed. dale, the Lord Penrhyn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

A Bill

Bill for«- A Bill for removing and preventing Encroachments* moving Nui- Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for better regulat-reguUting ing Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and

Hackney other Carriages, Halliers, and Porters, and the Sale

in°Briftoi,&C* Hides and Skins, within the City of

committed. and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade to and from, and within, and the Backs or Quays of, the same City and Liberties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dale, Sir Grey Cooper, &c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bill for widen- A Bill for widening and rendering commodious

lrt| Street*,k" certain Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places within &c. in Bristol, the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for committed. opening and making new Streets and Passages there;

and also, for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City, and for taking down the Church of Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint and

certain Houses and Buildings within the said City, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. dale, Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber,

Blidworth and An ingrossed Bill for repairing and widening the PmxtonRoad* Roacj from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike,

1 p ' in the Liberty of Blid, to The Mile , in the Parish of Kirkby in in the County of

tingham, and from thence through to Carter

Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, and from , ton to the Colliery near Pinxton , in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, declaring that no Turnpike Gate shall be erected between Sherwood Forest and Kirkby.

And the said Clause was Thrice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

'then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 12. 1. 35. To leave out " than One Half.*

Pr. 13.1. 7* To leave out from "Derby" to " any ’* in 1. 8. and insert " than " what is or shall be demanded or. " taken at " instead thereof.

1. i 6.To leave out "One Half Toll," and Insert " the Sum of One Penny " instead thereof.

Pr. 14.1.14. To leave out from "Toll" to "And" in Pr. 15.1. 4.

Pr. 32. 1.12. After aforesaid" to insert "or in the said Parish of ."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from th t Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Li-

berty of Blidworth, to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of Kirkby in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Ngrmanton, and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Strcetmarflial, A Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common

Bill cMamit.

Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of

tW.

marshal, Tirymynecb, and Deytheur, in the County of

Montgomery, was read a Second Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Parry,

Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, &c.: And they are to

meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

Accounts IT*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Sum'pdt^ Account of all Sums of Money paid by the East India the Ealt i"to Company since the 5th Day of January 1787, on Ac- AcSV count of His Majesty’s Troops in the Service of the the King-, said Company, according to the Directions of the Tr"*"‘ Act, passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Product of Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Cuf- Customs. toms { distinguishing, as far as possible, the Gross and Net Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on which shall have amounted to r,oooo, or more, in the Four Quarters preceding the 5th Day of January 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Excift. Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise j distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to . i,oooo, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th Day of January 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Stamp Daiit:, Account of the Net Produce of the Stamp Duties, paid into the Exchequer, from the 5th Day of January 1787 to the 5th Day of January 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Incident* Account of the Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents, respectively j distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th Day of January 1788.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Motion for Tuesday last, for reading a Second Time, upon that Day Sevennight, the Bill to explain, amend, and re-

Second Reid-

duce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mort-lings, Shortlings, Yarn, and Worded, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fuller’s Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of King the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of " Wool," might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That the said Order be discharged.

And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of Account of the Expences of the Civil Government of the Province of Quebec, and the Sum raised by Taxes ▼eminent of within the said Province applicable to the Discharge Qstbcc> " thereof, for the last Three Years for which the same 'a ‘ can be made up.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Motiontn«. That it be referred to Committee, to enquire into

the Adminiiy,

18 GeO. III.

18° — 2i° Apr'dis.

401

the Conduct of the Admiralty, in the late Promotion of Admirals;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, U4-

Tellers for the Noes, j f 150.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Supply defer- Re/olved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Way* and Re/olved, That this House will, upon Monday

Meant defer. Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn* ing next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunts, 2die;

Anno a8* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

Merlin's J I ‘A H E Lord Milford reported from the Commit-BilUe'I«ted A tce> to whom the Bill for amending, widening,

reP° an(j keeping in Repair the Road leading from Merlin’s Bridge to Pembroke Fe, in the County of was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j add he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Compton An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the

fimBUlInabd Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of e Compton Martin, in the County of , was read

the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton in the County of Somer/

Ordered, That Mr. Henniker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir George Augustus William reported AHHcrWsEf.

from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill From the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Charles £Xd.’ *"

Adderley, Esquire, and the future Tenants for Life of the Estates devised by the Will of Bowyer Adderley,

Esquire, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned _ had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table,

And the said Bill was read the Third Time;

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir George Augujlu William -burgh do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of the President and Governors of the Hof- Petition from pital, founded at the foie Costs and Charges of Thomas ,he Governor, Guy, Esquire, under their Common Seal, was presented agai^t*" to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for Sutton incio-dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common sure ®|H*

Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners are Proprietors of a very large Estate in the said Parish, extending near Seven Miles along the Sea Coast, a censiderable Part whereof appears to be included in the said Bill, and which, if included, will be highly injurious to the Estate of the said Hospital: And therefore prayings That they may be heard by their Counsel, at the Bar of the House, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Secretary at War presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Estimate of the Charge of the Works, and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges, in North Britain, for the Year 1788, approved by Lieutenant General Mackay, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces there.

Mr. Secretary at War also presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of the Embarkation Return of the 75th Regiment of Foot, at Portsmouth, 25th March and 16th April 1788: And also,

Copy of the Embarkation Return of Four Companies of the 77th Regiment on board the Prince William. Henry and Winter ton, on the 9th and 10th April 1788.

And the Titles of the said Estimate and Papers were read.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Estimate of Scotch Roads and Bridges, and Embarkation Returns of the 7 5 th and 77th Regiments, pre* lented*.

ESTIMATE of the Charge of the Works, and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges, in North Britain, for the Year 1788, approved by Lieutenant General Mackay, Commander in Chief of His Majesty’s Forces there.

Charge of the Works, and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges, in

North Britain, for the Year 1788 rr — — £.4,000 — —

War Office,

2ift April 1788,

Geo. Tonge.

Vol. XLIII. 5 K Ordered,

e

40 i

21

Aprilis.

A. 178$*

Spondon Inclosure Bill pnfied.

Doncaster and Wakefield Roads Bill prelm ted.

Ordered, That the said Estimate and Papers do lie upon the Table* to beperufed by the Members of the House.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in the County of Derby, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of in

the County of Derby.

Ordered, That Mr. Mundy do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Smyth prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate the Roads from the Red near Doncaster, to

to

the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from field to Pent if re ft, and from thence to in the

Town.ft ip of Henfall, and from Pontefract to Went-

the Parish of Sutton, in the Parts of Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was also read.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined several Witnesses in Support of the said Petition, and went through his Evidence.

And One of the Counsel for the Bill was also heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Si Smt«n Tncia*

Thorold, Mr. Caw theme, &c.: And they are to meet |u«ic;i this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s C0l""im 4 Chamber.

The House was moved. That the Petition of the Govemcrsof President and Governors of the Hospital, founded at Gllf5Holr* the foie Costs and Charges of Guy, Esquire,

under their Common Seal, which was this Day pre- Counivioi-fented to the House, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee,

(Jeicd.

bridge, in the West Riding of the County of York: upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Doncaster and Tadcaster Road Bill presented#

fiirminghara Road Bill prefemed.

Pcafe's

Exchange Bill committed.

And the same was received; and read the First Time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. John Smyth presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Done offer, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcafler Cross, in the County of York: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Sir Robert Lawley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill-to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Biin the Counry of Warwick, through Elm don, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments between the Trustees of a Charity Estate in Ilefslcwcod, in the Parish of Ilefsle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robinson Pease, Esquire, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Samuel Thornton, Mr. Duncmbe, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed, j

Lord Charles Spencer reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Lfquire,

John Sawyer, Esquire, and other the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Lands and Estates within the Parish of Beckley, and Hamlets of Ilorton and Studley, in the said Parish, the Parish of Noke, the Parish of Qdding-ton, the Parish of Charlton, and Plamlets of Fencot and Moorcot, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Proprietors and Owners of Lands and Estates within the Parishes, Hamlets, and Townships aforesaid,-was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Drainage and Inclosure Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table r Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Wefon being examined, said. That he knew there was within the said Parishes or Hamlets, or some of them, a Piece of low Waste Ground called

Counsel heard on Second Reading of Sutton Inclosure Bill*

Otmoor, containing about 4,000 Acres, upon which The Order of the Day being read, for the Second the Proprietors of Estates within the said Parishes and

Reading of the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln-,

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

Hamlets had Right of Common; and that the same is flooded great Part of the Year, and is then little or no Use to the Proprietors; but that it is capable of being drained, and thereby much improved in Value.

Mr. William Collfon being then examined, con--firmed the foregoing Evidence; and likewise said. That, on account of the great Extent of the said Moor, and the Intermixture of the Cattle of the diffe-Lord relit Parishes and Places having Right of Common

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of the Right honourable w _

Webb Seymour, Thomas Alderfou, Esquire, the Reve- thereon, great Inconveniences arise; and that it would

rend John Lcroo, Clerk, Amey Spinster, and

Richard Rujfell, and of the several other Persons whose

Names are thereunto subscribed, being Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Houses, and Toftlleads, in

be a great Advantage to all Persons interested, if the said Moor was drained, and divided among the several Parishes, Hamlets, or Townships having Right of Common thereon.

Otmoor

Jrairage

Ptfriin*

reported#

Sr

a

ii

£8 Geo. III.

4l° Ap)

403

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Majesty: And the same was received; and read the for draining and improving the Common or Waste, First Time.

tailed Otmcor, within the several Parishes of Beckley*

Ncke, Qddingtori) and Charlton, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, or some or One of them, and for dividing and setting out specific Parts thereof, for the several Townships and Hamlets respectively, having Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the p°reftmt"gTn a Right of Common,thereon: And that Lord Charles0 ’ ' ‘ ' ' 0 ’ ’ ' '

Spencer and the Lord Wenman do prepare* and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Maimoaring reported from the Committee, to Bill toamtnd

whom the Bill to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Acts relating to Persons re-

Denbigh Writ* Ordered\ That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to

the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, in the room of Richard Myddelton, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Chafin’# Estate Bill committed*

Spann Smithy Road Bill reported.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled 1 states of William Chafin, Clerk, in the Counties of DcrJj and Wilts, for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phelips, Mr. Burges, &c*: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, 'in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road leading from Spann Smithy, in the Township of Elton, in the Parish of Warmingham, through Sandbach, and over Lawton Heath, by Lawton Gate, to the lower End of a Lane called Linley Lane, in Lawton, in the County of Chester, and from thence up the said Lane to Talk, in the Parish of Audley, in the County of Stafford, was committed* Thar the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s :TabIe: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend so terMes, &c. of much of an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Icporled’

(( Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for rfeduc-ct ing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Cf Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament* t( and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues,

€€ Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be lent, as relates to a common Players of Interludes and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, fC An Act for the better Cf preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating ff Places of public Entertainment, and punishing cc Persons keeping disorderly Houses," so far as the same relate to Persons representing Interludes, Trage.-dies, Comedies, Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Music, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and Westminster, or within'

Twenty Miles thereof, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Kill, declaring that no Licence shall be granted, but by the Justices at their Quarter Sessions.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Stafford and Chester Roadi Bill presented.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re-€C pealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, €C made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-€C eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King €C George the Second, as relate to the Road from the rc End of the County of Stafford, in the Port Road towards the City of Chester, through Wcor, in the rc County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of :c Chester, and from Nantwich to Earporley, and from :c thence, through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effec-€t tually repairing, widening, and supporting the same cc Road; and also for repairing and widening the cc Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester,

<r to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid," as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present

€C

Mr. Mainwaring reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King G^r^the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex, 2nd for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report ro the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House*

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

Chrifichurch Paving bill reported*

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of a Letter from the Resident at Furruckabad to the Right honourable the Governor General in Council, dated the 29th of January 1787.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Com;

pany

Enfr Ir.cfia Papers ordered.

21

jtf. iy88.

pany do lay before this House, a Copy bf a Minute of the Right honourable Earl dated the Qorh

of April 1787, relative to the Settlement concluded

with the Nabob Hyder-Beg Khdn.

Ordered That the Directors of the India Company do Jay before this House, a Copy of Mr. s Minute in the Revenue Department of Fort William, dated the 15th of September 1787.

Ordered, That the Directors of the East India Company do lay before this House, a Copy of the Account with the Nabob Vizier, as settled by the Right honourable the Governor General in Council with the Nabob Hyder Beg Khan, on the ill of May 1787.

Ordered, That it be an IhftrucUon to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill* against the said Petition.

Cession of F,0/iliaClll""

— A mm: an LovaliUs — tnd Crown Landi, ordered.

Accounts of Public Debts* and Arrrats of Lnnd Ta*ci ordered.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Public Debts, as they flood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th Day of January 1788; with the Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House,

Committee of Ways and Means,

an Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Michaelmas 1787, with the Names of the respective Ret i.'vers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now good by Parliament, read. ‘

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* rf Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Money iffiicj Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered fionmof Eiil in their Properties in consequence of the the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the Loffies of the American Loyalists, and which have not been maaegood by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods,

Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging the Crown.

Rcjolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously plea fed to Acmom of give Directions, that there be laid before this House, an Account of all further Sums of Money which have been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, pursuant to Ad-drelfes of this House, and which have not been made

further Surr.t iflufti parluint to Addi eflei.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, io far as relates to imprisoned Debtors;

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be

Debtor? ititf Creditor? Cairra ucd.

Mr. Steele also acquainted the House, That he was made to the Question; viz.

Mr. Frytr’i

Petition against the Exeter Poor Bill.

directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of William Fryer, One of the Forty elected Guardians of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read j Taking Notice of the Bill for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His pre-lent Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; and Setting forth, That the Petitioner apprehends that, if the said Bill should pass as it now Hands, it will be very injurious to him and other Inhabitants of the said City and County of Exon: And therefore praying, that he may be at Liberty to be heard, by himself, Counsel, or Agents, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect him, and that the same may not pass as it now Hands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard, by himself, his Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three Months."

And the Question being pur, that the Word " now"

Hand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Month, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Th» iWi Greaves: avepl

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Ba-

ronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne, Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafeer become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne, Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne, Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leases of the Coal and other Mines within the said Estates; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The

Glynue’i Eihte ft 11*

v

28 Geo. III.

it

22

Aprilis.

tfolfon School The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the in the County Palatine of of the Foundation

of Robert Lever,late of Gentleman, deceased,

and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors, for the Benefit of the said School; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Second Read- Ordered ', That the Bill, for the better Regulation

castleandSun- Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of

deriand Coal Newcastle and Sunderland, be read a Second Time upon

appoioud1 Friday Sevennight, the ad Day of May next.

Bolton School Bill read.

40s

ferred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amcndments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and tfjen a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Supply deferred.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, the Foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, Gentleman, deceased, and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors for the Benefit of the said School, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon IVedncJday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Sir Geo. Ara-yand’s Estate Bill committed.

Martisy 22° die Aprilis;

Anno a8° Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Amyand, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Ufea, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Robert Burton, Sir George Cornewall, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Leith Harbour Bill reported.

Sir Adam Fergujfon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour, and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses,' and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes, was committed; and to whom the Petition of John Scougall, Assistant Matter, and Andrew Cajfels, Depute Matter, of the Incorporation of Shipmasters in Leith-, and also, the Petition of Alexander Hill, of South Leith, Ship and Boat Builder; and also, the Petition of Charles Thomp-Jon, Esquire, of His Majesty’s Navy, and of his Wife, which Jane is One of the Daughters and Heirs at Law of Robert Selby, deceased, were severally re-Vol. XLIII.

A Petition of David Porter,of Little Welbeck Street, Petition for in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the County of fc^t'a Pefittoii Middlesex, Matter Chimney Sweeper, was presented to for Regulation the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioner hath exercised the Trade or Mystery of a Matter their Appren-Chimney Sweeper for about Twenty-two Years, during tice$* which Period he has observed with great Anxiety the Hardships and Cruelties which Boys placed out to Chimney Sweepers in general undergo, for want of proper Regulations being made between Matters and Apprentices in the said Trade or Mystery; and that the Petitioner communicated an Account of such Hardships and Cruelties, and of the Inadequacy (not only in his own Judgment, but in the Opinion of the Trade in general) of the present Laws to remedy the fame, to the late Jonas Hanway, Esquire, who attempted to bring forward some Plan for correcting such Abuses, but which he did not effect; and that a Committee of very respectable Gentlemen have, as the Petitioner is informed, undertaken to enquire into the State and Condition of Boys so placed out to Chimney Sweepers, and who finding the Cruelties and Hard-ships, suggested by the Petitioner, under which they labour, amount to a Magnitude almost beyond Belief, are desirous that Application may be made to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for remedying the Ajjufes complained of, and preventing the Evils arising therefrom in future; but as, by the Rules and Orders of the House, a Petition for Leave to bring in such Bill cannot now be regularly received without a special Order for that Purpose; Therefore praying, That the House will take into their mature Confederation the Necellity there is for applying an immediate Remedy to the Abuses complained of, and which the Petitioner will undertake to shew, and that Leave may be given to present a Petition for Leave to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Leave given. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said David Porter.

Then a Petition of David Porter, Welbeck petition for Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary le Bone, in the the better Re-County of Middlesex, Matter Chimney Sweeper, was chimney°f presented to the House, and read; Containing the same Sweepers and Allegations as the last preceding Petition; and pray- ,heir.Ap‘ ing.That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. waring, See.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

5 L A Petition

prentices.

qo6

zi

Z'£ f

1788.

Petition in favour of the Cmmney Sweepers Application.

A Petition of a Committee of Gentlemen whose to thp House, and read; Taking Notice of the- Bill Names are thereunto subscribed, formed for taking for wideningand renderingcommodious certain Streets, into Consideration the Hardships and Cruelties which Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the City of Children, put or placed out as or in the Nature of and the Liberties thereof, and for opening and making Apprentices to Chimney Sweepers, suffer during their new Streets and Passages there, and also for enlarging

the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City, and for taking down the Church of otherwise

Apprenticeships or Service, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, if the Petitioners were to enumerate such Hardships and Cruelties as have come to their Knowledge in the Course of their Enquiries upon this Subject, it would almoll exceed Belief, and is better suppressed than made public in a Country renowned for its Humanity; and that, if Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices, the Petitioners will adduce such Evidence, in the several Stages thereof, as they doubt not will be sufficient to satisfy the House of the Humanity of their Intentions, and of the Necessity there is of providing forne

Saint Owen, and certain Houses and Buildings within the said City: And praying. That the said Bill may not pass into a Law as it now stands, but that, if an Act be passed thereupon, that reasonable Time may be limited for the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council of Bristol, to purchase Premisses by them intended to be taken down for the Purposes of the said Bill, and that from and after the Expiration of such Tinje, the said Premisses, and the Owners thereof.

Remedy for curing the Abuses complained of, and shall be exempted and discharged from the Powers preventing the Evils arising therefrom in future: And of such Act, that, in case the said Mayor, Aldermen, therefore praying. That Leave' may be given to bring and Common Council, shall cause the Value of Prein a Bill for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweep- misses to be assess’ed by Jury, that they be then com-

ers and their Apprentices.

Ordered, That the said Table.

Petition do lie upon the

Tuition against the fiiil lor removing Nui-lances, and regulating Hacknty Coaches, &c. iu tfriltol.

A Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Residents, and Inhabitants, within the City of Bristol, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Citizens, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, Halliers, and Porters, and the Sale of Raw Hides, and Skins, within the City of Bristol, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade to and from, and within, and the Backs or Quays of, the same City and Liberties: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass into a Law, as it now stands, but that, if an Act be passed thereupon, that the several Clauses for making Bye Laws to regulate the Inhabitants of the said City, and all Persons resorting thereto, for restraining and preventing the usual and accustomed public Way, or Passage, over the Draw Bridge, and for taking away the Writ of Certiorari, and for making the Determination of the Court' of Quarter Sessions final, may be totally rejected and expunged, that the Clauses respecting removing Annoyances, Incroachments, and Nuisances, for regulating the Weights to be hailed on Carriages in the said City, and for veiling Powers in the Quay Warden, and Water Bailiff, may be properly altered and modified, that the Quay Warden and Water Bailiff’s Fees may be restricted and ascertained, and that the Petitioners may he heard, by themselves or their Counsel, against such Bill, and may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all haveVoices, who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Petition against the Bill for widening and making Streets, &c. in Biiftol.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Residents, and Inhabitants within the City of Bristol, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Citizens, was presented

pelled to pay for and compleat the Purchase of such Premisses in a reasonable Time after such Assessment,

that in case the said Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council shall nor, in a reasonable Time, purchase the Houses and Premisses intended to be taken down for opening Back Street and Baldwin Street, that such Houses and Premisses, and the Owners thereof, may not only be exonerated and discharged from the Powers of the said Bill, but also from the Act of the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, and that the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves or their Counsel,. against such. Bill, and may have such other Relief in the Premises as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred, to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that, the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel; before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Inltruftiomto the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have. Voices, who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial o! Mr. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Waitings. Places acjjaqenr, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the Ploufe immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in WestminjlerHall, and clear the fame of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at. the Trial of Warren , Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in . Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itielf into a Committee-

of

214

28 Geo. III.

407

of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Nineteenth, Twenty-fifth, and Thirty-second Years of

Committee on Petition from Freemen of Queensborough dtfeired.

Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into ninster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition of the Freemen of the Bo-

his said late Majesty’s Reign, and of the Sixth, Fourteenth, and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 24th Day of June 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, except such Part thereof as relates to the Importation and Exportation of Foreign Coffee into and from the British Colonies and Plantations iti , is near expiring, and fit to be continued. That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That so much of an Act, made in the Nineteenth' rough of ghieenborbugh, in the County of Kent, whose Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, as relates

art Ways Means.

Expiring

laws.

Names are thereunto subscrib'ed, on Behalf of them selves and others, Freemen of the said Borough;

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Morrting next, resolve itself into the said Com/nit-tee.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered to attend the said Committee this fray, do attend the said Committee upon Morning next.

Mr. Steele, atcording to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refo-lutionswhich the Committee had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read j and are as followeth j

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thac the several Clauses in an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act against clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and for the more effectuah preventing of Frauds relating to the Cuf-u toms," relating to such Foreign Goods, Wares, and Merchandizes, as shall be taken in at Sea out of any Ship or Vessel, in order to be landed, or put into any other Ship or Vesselj or Boat, and also relating to Goods not reported and found after clearing Ships, and whereby further Remedies are provided against re-landing Goods prohibited to be worn in this Kingdom, and Foreign Goods shipped out for Parts beyond the Seas, and relating to the opening or altering the Package of Goods on board of Ships Outward bound, and also relating to hovering Ships or Vessels of the Burthen of Fifty Tons, or under, and also concerning the Bales or Package in which Coffee shall be exported, and also relating to Rum imported in Ca/ks or Vessels not containing Twenty Gallons at the least, and also relating to Certificate Goods entered in order to be exported to Ireland, which were to have Continuance for the Term of Three Years, from the several Times of the Commencement thereof, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, respectively, and which, by several fub-sequent Acts, passed in the Ninth Year of his said Majesty’s Reign, and in the Second, Eighth, Fifteenth, Sixteenth, Twentieth, Twenty-seventh,and Thirty-third Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King the

Second, and of the Seventh, Fourteenth, and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, were further continued, from the Expiration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, for the encouraging the Growth ot Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America,' which was to continue in Force from the 25th fray of March 1735 until the 25th Day of March 1739, and from thence to the

End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which.

to allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages, which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of 1779, and which, by Three Acts, made in the Twenty-first, Twenty-fourth, and Twenty-sixth Years of the Reign of His said Majesty, was further continued until the 1 ft Day of April 1788, is expired, and fit to be revived and continued.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act: " for the more effectual Encouragement of the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great ,"

which was to continue in Force for Two Years, from the ift Day of January 1784, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued for the Term of Two Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That so much of an Act, made in the Seventeenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the Eleventh Rule in the " Book of Rates, so far as the same relates to making any Allowance upon the Importation of damaged Currants and Raisins, and for making the " Importer of such Goods an Abatement in the Duties in lieu thereof, and for explaining the said Rule,

<c with respect to such Allowance for Damage on other " Goods, and to permit the Exportation of Tobacco " Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar " Colonies, or Plantations in The V/efi Indies, for a " limited Time," as permits the Exportation of To- . bacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The Indies, which was to continue in Force until the 24th Day of June 1779, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by Two Acts, made in the Twentieth and Twenty-third Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1787, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That an Act, made in the Eighth Year of the Reign of his Majesty King George the First, intituled, "An Act to prevent the Clandestine Running of Goods,

" and the Danger of Infection thereby, and to pre-tf vent Ships breaking their Quarantine, and to subject Copper Ore, of the Production of the British " Plantations, to such Regulations as other enumerated Commodities of the like Production are subject," which was to be in Force for Two Years, from the 25th Day of March 1722, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts (except the Clauses obliging all Ships and Vessels to perform Quarantine) was to have further Continuance to the ift Day of June 1747, and from thence to the End of the

by several subsequent Acts, made in the Eleventh, the* next Session of Parliament, and which, by an

8 Act,

The Lords have agreed to

Hertford Paving Bill.

Netherhaven income Bill.

Ranceby Incloluic Bill.

The Lords have passed

Gossip'a Ettate Bill.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Haltings's Trial.

Glynne’* Litate Bill road.

408

22

Aprilis*

A. 1788.

and other Mines within the said'Estates, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House being informed that Mr. Morten, from East Tndilt the Directors of the East India Company, attended at

Act, made in the Twentieth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, was intended to be further continued to the 1 ft Day of June 1754, but, by Mistake, the Year 1747 was inserted therein instead of the said Year 1754, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Twenty-first,

Twenty-seventh, and Thirty-third Years of the Reign the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented of his said late Majesty, and of the Seventh, Four- to the House, pursuant to their Orders, teenth, and Twenty-first Years of the Reign of His ' N° 1. Extracts from the Confutations of the Prefi-present Majesty, was further continued, from the Ex- dent and Council at Chuttanutta in Bengal, from the piration thereof, until the 29th Day of September 1788, 29th of December 1697 to the 31st of October 1698, and from thence to the End of the then next Session both inclusive, relative to the Acquisition of the of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be con- Towns of Decalcutta, , and , to

tinued. the East India Company: And also,

N° 2. Copy of Paragraphs from 97 to 101, both inclusive, of a Letter from the Court of Directors of the East India Company to the President and Council at Fort William, dared 3d March 1758: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Opinion of MahomedReza Naib Scuba, and Naib concerning the several of

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be aninstruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, pursuant to the Third, Sixth, Seventh, and Ninth of the Resolutions which, upon the 7th Day of this In- Offices of Souba and Douan of the Kingdom stant April, were reported from the Committee who And also,

were appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued, and were then agreed to by the House, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Resolutions now reported and agreed to by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

N° 4. Copy of the Proclamation published on the Deposition of Mahomed Reza Khan, and the East India Company’s aifuming publicly the Office of Douan: And also,

N° 9. Copy of a Letter from the Resident at Fur-ruckabad to the Right honourable the Governor General in Council, dated the 29th of January 1787: And also,

N° 6. Copy of a Minute of the Right honourable Earl Cornwallis, dated the aoth of April 1787, relative to the Settlement concluded with the Nabob

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Beg Khan: And also.

Act for paving the Foot-ways, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of Hertford, and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Netherhaven, otherwise -

avon, in the County of Wilts; without any Amendment: And also.

N° 7. Copy of Mr. Shore’s Minute in the Revenue Department of Fort William, dated the 14th of September 1787: And also,

N° 8. Copy of the Account with the Nabob Vizier, as,settled by the Right honourable the Governor General in Council with the Nabob Hyder Beg Kbdn, on the ift of May 1787.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Papers be printed, as shall be sufficient for the U.fe of Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Com- the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

mon Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William Gojfip, Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in.

And then the MelTcngers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne, Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flincomprized in the Set-

tlement made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne, Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne, Baroiact, also deceased, to grant Leases of the C$al

The other Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, froYn this Kingdom, and from the Ides of JerJcy, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man,into Foreign Parts, and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the Winding of Wool

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second Time.

Then the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the said Bill was read a Second Time.

And the Petition of certain Land Owners and Growers of Wool, whose Names are thereunto subscribed;

4 and

Counsel he*r4 on Second Reading of Wool Bill.

2 8 Geo. III.

and also, the Petition of the Wool Growers of the County of Suffolk, were also read.

And One of the Counsel for the Petitioners was heard, and examined a Witness in Support of the said Petitions.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- posed. That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words Tomorrow " Morning," and inferring the Words " Friday Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put. That the Words " Tomorrow Morning" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the furthec Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 230 die Aprilis;

Anno 28° Georgii III'" Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

ff)RDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.'

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-

409

bers of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and' in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Cfquire,

were called over j and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to thfc House, That their Address of Monday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions that the Account therein mentioned might be laid before this House) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions accordingly.

The House being informed that Mr. Speer, from the Treasury, attended at the Doorj he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Address to His Majesty,

An Account, lh*wing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1787 has been disposed of; distinguished under the several Heads, until the 23d Day of April 1788, and the Parts remaining unfatiffied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed!; was.

22° — 2j° *

Vol. XLIII. 5 M 4, An

Anfortf to Addrtfe

Account of

Di f|>olitioft of Grant*, prefcmtd*

An ACCOMPT, shewing how the Money given for the Service

and the Parts

of the Year 1787 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon.

Day of April 1788,

p

cq'

n'

CD

CL

cr

"< .

SERVICES.

For Wages and Wear and Tear of the Navy, and the Victualling thereof, for i8>oooo Men, including 3,860 Marine*, from the ift Day of January 1787 ——

For the Ordinary of the Navy, including Half Pay to Sea and Marine Officers, for the Year 1787 . — ~

Towards the Buildings, Re-buildings, and Repairs of Ships of War in His Majesty’s Yards, and other extra Works, 'over and above what are proposed to be done upon the Heads of Wear and Tear and Ordinary, for the Year 1787 — —

£* d.

889,200 — — j 00,000 — —

— 650,000 — —

For cleaning and fecoring the Harbour of Cutwater and Sutton Pool, near Plymouth, in the County of Devon ——

5)

2

o

' For Ordnance, Sea Service ~ —

For Ordnance, Land Service - — —

For defraying the Charge of 17,638 effectice Men for Guards, Garrisons, and other His Majesty’s Land Forces in Great Britain, Guem/ey, and Jersey, including the Pay of Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing of the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men; the Charge of Agency, and the Charge of Allowance* to be made to Captains, Paymasters, Surgeons, and for Riding Matters, for the Year 1787 - —

For maintaining His Majesty’s Forces and Garrisons in the Plantations, and those in Garrison at Gibraltar, including the Pay of the Commission and Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency and Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year 1787 — —

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of Six Regiments and Four Companies of Foot serving in North America, tint West Indies, and the Isle of Man, including the Pay of the Commission, Non-commissioned Officers, and Private Men, the Charge of Cloathing the Non-commissioned Officers and Private Men, the Charge of Agency, and Allowances to be made to Captains, Paymasters, and Surgeons, for the Year 1787 — — —

For the Pay of General and General Staff Officers in Great Britain, for the Year 1787 — — — _

For the Charge of Full Pay, for 365 Days, to Reduced or Supernumerary Officers of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1787 —

On Account of Pay necessary to be advanced to One Regiment of Light Dragoons, and Five Battalions of Foot, for Service in Bast India, for the Year 1787 — — . —

For Allowance to the Paymaster General of the Forces, the Secretary at War, the Commissary General of Musters, Judge Advo^ cate General, Comptrollers of Army Accompts, their Deputies and Clerks, and for Contingencies of their Offices 5 for Exchequer Fees; and on Account of Poundage to be returned to the Infantry of His Majesty’s Forces, for the Year 1787 — —

For defraying the Charge of Pensions to the Widows of Commissioned Officers, and Expeaccs attending the fame, for the Year

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s Land Forces and Marines, for the Year 1787 — — — .

For Allowances to the several Officers and Private Gentlemen of the Two Troops of Horse Guards Reduced, and to the Superannuated Gentlemen of the Four Troops of Horse Guards, for the Year 1787 — — — — .

For the Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1 787 - -

For defraying the Charge of Allowances to several Reduced Officers of His Majesty’s British American Forces, for the Year 1787 —

For the several Officers late in the Service of the States General, for the Year 1787 -w _ —

For defraying the Charge of the In and Out-Pensioners of Ckclj'ea Hospital, and of the Expences of the said Hospital, for the

Year 1787 — — — _ __

For defraying the Difference between the Charge of the British and Irish Establishment of several Battalions and Companies of Foot, j for several Periods, in the Year 1786 — — — — _ — - —

1 Towards defraying the Extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services incurred, from JT. s. d.

1 the 251b Day of December 1785 to the 24th Day of December 1786, and not provided for by Parliament — — 4.65,117 19 11

L From which deduct the Amount of Army Savings and Stoppages in the Years 1785 and 1786 — — 44,806 2 7

d.

46,800 — — 328,57617 3

£ JU

648,687 1 -i

234,628 18 s

M34 19 2

6,409 8 —

23,110 12 6

8,230 8 7%

59-253 12 1

11,812 *7*»776 8 6

12 6

223 7 6

55.092 10 —

4.907 10 —

3>422 11 8 -

*72»525 *5 10

3.*53 11

420,311 17 4

Sums voted or granted*

£ * d,

2,239,200 ——

1,000 — —

375.37617 3

Sums paid*

£ d.

2,239,200 — - —

1,000 ——

328,576 17 3

Remains to be paid.

£ S* dm

463800 — —

1,831,481 4 *

1,661,506 16 si I 169,974 7 8{

410 43* Aprilis. A. 1788.

p

eg;

I — h

n'

cd

CL

cr

(D

o

°£.

FT

«3

P

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of Nova Scotia, from the tft Day of January 1787 to the iH Day of January

For defray nig the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Saint John, in America, from the ill Day of January 1787 to id Day of Ja.

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Province of New Brunswick, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1787" to the 24th Day of

For defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment of the Island of Cape Breton, in America, from the 24th Day of June 1787 to the z^th Day of

For defraying the Clia'rge of the Salaries of the Governor and Civil Officers in the Island of Newfoundland, from the xft Day of April 1787 to the 1 (I Day of April 1788 - —

For defraying the Charge of the Salaries of the Civil Officers of the Province of East Florida, from the 24th Day of Jurte 1785 to the 24th Day of June

P6r defraying the Charge of the Salary of the Chief Justice of the Bermuda, or Somers ljlands, from the 24th Day of June 1787 to the 24th Day of June

’T6 suppost the Civil Establishment of the Bahama ljlands, in Addition to the Salaries now paid to the public Officers out of the Duty Fund, and other incidental Charges attending the fastne, from the ill Day of January 1787 to the id Day of January 1788 ——

for defraying the Charge of the Civil Establishment in New South Wales, from the 10th Day of October 1786 to the 10th Day of October 1787 — —

To be appliecTas a present Relief to Persons who have differed in their Properties on the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain — —

for repairing, maintaining, and supporting the British? Forts and Settlements on the Coast of Africa — . — — ___

for defraying^he Expence of the new Roads of Communication, and of building the Bridges, in the HighlandsofNorth Britain, in the Year 1787 —

Towards carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, for the Year 1787 - —

Towards enabling the Trustees of the British MuJ'eum to carry on the Execution of the Trusts reposed in them by Parliament — — —

To make Compensation to David Jenkinson, for the like Sum paid by him for the Three First Payments towards the Loan of the Year 1784, which became forfeited, by omitting to make the future Payments, on Account of being confined to his Bed by Illness — — _ —

To Charles Pole, Agent to Mafahod de La Mar, for Damages fudained by the Seizure and Detention of the Ship Herftelder, laden with Merchandize, on Account of the Emperor of Morocco ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued by His Majesty’s Orders, in pursuance of Addresses — — —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary to the Commissioners to examine, take, and date, the Public Ac-

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners for enquiring into the Loffesof the Persons who suffered by the Cession of East Florida to the King of Spain - —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners to enquire into the State of the Woods, iffca. belonging to the Crown ——

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of the American

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to pay Bills drawn by the Governor of the Bahama Jftands, Lieutenant Governor of the Island of St. John, Lieutenant Governor of Nova Scotia, and the Lieutenant Governor of New Brunswick — —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to 'Thomas Cotton, Esquire, and by him paid over to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, appointed to repair to Nova Scotia, iffc*. for their Expences in executing their Commission, and for Fees attending the Receipt thereof - — — 4 — —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to James Mouat, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the fees. Gratuities, tsfca. received in several public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office — —

To make good to His Majesty the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, to enable him to pay the Representatives of Richard Bradley, for the Value of sundry A rvicles of Merchandize bought by him for the Purchase of the Island of Le Main, in the River Gambia, as a Settlement for Convicts, and for Fees attending the Receipt thereof ——

For present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, as have given satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, to be distributed and paid under the Direction of the said Com-

"To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1758, on the 5 th Day of July 1786 - — — # — —

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1778, on the io;h of October 1786 ——

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1779, on the 5th of July 1786 - # — — "

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Ann* 1780, on the loth of OUoler 1786 — —

5.851 17 6 S,8ji 17 6

1,900 — 1,900

4,300 4,300

2,100 — — 2,100 — —

I ,82 10 — 1,182 IO

2,600 — — 2,600

580 — — 580 — —

4,380 2,877 10 — 13,600 13.000 — — 7,234 — — 15.000 — — 3,000 4,380 2,877 10 — 13,600 13,000 — ' 4,230 15,000 3,000 — 1

52a 522

2,307 0 4 12,138 16 4f 9 4 12,138 1 4I

I,£00 *»5C°

700 — — 700 —

2,200 — — 2,200

4,445 19 11 4,445 19 II

5*39 4 >i 5»139 4 H

2,11-1 — 6 2,111 — 6

890 — — 890 — —

457 10 6 457 10 6

112,000 — — 112,000 —

18,574 >3 >8*574 >3 »°i

127,796 19 3I *7>796 19 3f

3S*°39 >3 5s 35*039 >3 Si

184,*34 3 L 184,234 3 *i

3,004 ——

2 8 GeO. III. 13°

l

o

c

‘tj

A

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid oul of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1782, on the 5th of July 1786 - 7 — — -7 — — —

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Anno 1783, on the 10th of October 1786 - — —

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid oot of the fame, to make good the Deficiency of the Fund for paying Annuities, granted Annis 1784 and 1785, on the 5th of July 1786 - —

To replace to the Sinking Fund, the like Sum paid out of the fame, to make good the Deficiency, on the jth of April 1786,of the Duties granted by Two Acts, of the 24th and 25 th Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repealing the Duties on Tea, to satisfy the several proportional Sums directed by the said Acts to be applied to make good the Loss to sundry Funds, as also to make good to the said Sinking Fund the Loss occasioned by the Repeal of the

To make good the Deficiency of the Malt Duty, granted for the Service of the Year 1785, at Lady Bay 1787 — — — .

To make good the Deficiency of the Land Tax, granted for the Service of the Year 1785, at Michaelmas 1787 — — —

For defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Mint in the Year 1786 — — — N — —

To make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1786, voted £> 240,324. 19/. \c\d, which will be satisfied with — —

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,500,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of an Act 26° Georgii 3*, and charged upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1787, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same — — —

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 1,000,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 26° Georgii 3*, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1787, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same —

To pay off and discharge the Principal Sum of £. 3,000,000, in Exchequer Bills, made out by virtue of one other Act 26° Georgii 3111, and charged further upon the first Aids to be granted in Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1787, together with the Interest and Charges attending the same —

To the Governor and Company of the Bank of England, to be by them distributed and paid to and amongst the Proprietors of the several fortunate Tickets in the Lottery, established by an Act 27* Georgii 3tU — — — — _ — — —

To the said Governor and Company, in Reward for receiving the Contributions, and for paying the Prizes in the said Lottery, £5fc*. — —

For the Charges and Expences attending the preparing and drawing the said Lottery, and for taking in Tickets, and delivering out Certificates in

For the Salaries of the Officers, and incidental Expences of the Commissioners, for the Reduction of the National Debt — % —

11,23; S

492,448 *4 7i

532,652 18 4

233,410 6 7i

207,938 2

,f9'359 1 H

8,499 8 5

2 40,324 *9 io|

1,554,002 10 3}

1,049,886 10

3>°4i>*97 7 10

500,000 — —

1,000 *" MM

11,950 — —

*>394 16 —

i*>95°>721 11 I 4-

,»*3S 5 nj

292,448 7i

53*,6s* 18 4

233,41° 6 „ X / 4

267,938 2

169,359 1 H

8,499 8 5

i,554>°°2 10 3l

1,049,886 10

3,041,897 7 10

2,00°.

«,394 16 —

I 1,979,668 3 S

240,324 19 101

500,000 — —

1,000 — *-

9,950 ——

971*053 7 7

WAYS and MEANS for answering the fame; i/#V.

£ * 2,000,000 — —

750.000 — —

1,226,072 2 11J

756>875 ----- *

*,500,000 ——

1.500.000 — —

1.500.000 — —

2.400.000 — —

74,102 9 10

180.000 ——

A

By 4 per Lib, on Land.

By the Duty on Malt continued Anno 1787.

Sorphis of the Sinking Fund on the 5th Day of April 1787.

By a Lottery.

By Exchequer Bills,charged on the first Aids to be granted for the Service of the Year 1788.

By Exchequer Bills, charged furtheron Ditto.

By Exchequer Bills, charged further on Ditto.

By the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund.

By Imprest and other Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for DiL position of Parliament.

Remaining in the Exchequer of Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty's Forces, in the Year 1785.

12,887,04912 9!

63,671 18 2| Deficiency of Ways »d Means.

12,950,7*1 >» — I

O

X

Towards satisfying the Services unpaid.

There remains in the Exchequer of the Consolidated Fnnd —

Remains of Exchequer Bills to be issued on Credit of the Aids, Anno 1788 Remains of Exchequer Bills on Credit of the Malt Duty, Anno 1787 Of Lottery Contributions — — —

d.

4i

Deficiency of Ways and Means to answer the Services

Memdum.

The Arrears of former Supplies remaining unpaid, for which Money is provided, are as follow; *i

For the late African Company’s Creditors —

For Georgia Bills, Residue of £. 15,496. 19/. 1 \d, — .

To make good the Deficiency of the Duty of and \ per Cent. granted Anno 1785 ——

For Army Services for the Year 1786 ——

For Buildings at the Admiralty — — M

907,381 9 4!

63,671 18

£ ' 9OO 12 JO

57° >7

>'8‘6 13 sl-

s52>953 —

1,000 ——

256,241 4 I

Presented this 23d Day of April 1788, by

tT. Sfetr.

412 2 3° Ap 1788.

i8 Geo. III.

Ij 6 Aprilii.

4ii

Account of Prouucc of Lxcile pre* tented.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Table, to be perused by the Members of the House. Act for supplying with Water the Town of South

Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping re-The House being informed that Mr. Webb,from sorting to the said Town; without any Amendment: the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door j And also,

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the The Lords have agreed to the Bill; intituled; An House, pursuant to their Order, Act for amending, widening, turning; and keeping

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of the Exchequer; of the Duties ot Excise; distinguish- to Hamjlead Bridge, and the Road leading from ing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, between the 5 th of January 1787 and the 5th of January 1788.

Arid then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie updh the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Souih SVcl li

Waicr Bill.

Walsall Road) Bill.

Account of Stamp Duties presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to the Trial of Warren Hafiings, Esquire, Tomorrow

Merlin’s Bridge Road Bill pafl*ed.

their Order,

An Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, beeween the 5th of January 1787 and the 5th of January 1788,.on Account of the Stamp Du- ties; distinguishing the Sums paid on each Tax.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin’s Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That the Lord Milford do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook, called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Walsall and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford; without any Amendment; And

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for JSjSfcd veiling Part of the settled Estates of James Tampler, Ten)pler., Esquire, in the Codrity of Devon, in him and his Ert»tc Bin. Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate, of greater Value, in the same County, to be settled in Lieu thereof; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded tis to' acquaint this TheLo«w.H House, That their Lordships will proceed further in pf°««d To*

— - — -> --- w - morrow on.

Mr; HaAings’f Trial.

Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Wefimlnfi& Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew

The House was moved, That the Order, made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, to consider of the Petition of the Freemen of the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of ,whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Freemen of the said Borough* might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning neit, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several P'ersons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee Tomorrow Morning; do attend the said Committee upon Monday Morning next.

Committee oil Petition from Freemen of Queensborough deferred.

Petition from the Provincial Synod of Dumfries, respecting the Slave Trade.

The Ordef of the Day being read, for the House to w.y* and resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, de* A Petition of the Provincial Synod of Dumfries, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the ' mec on the 15th Day of April 1788, was presented to Supply granted to His Majesty; the House, and read; Expressing their Desire that the Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn-House would take the present State of the African ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Slave Trade into Consideration, and adopt 'such Measures concerning it, as may tend effectually to relieve the Sufferings of their enslaved Brethren.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lords have agreed to

Birmingham Bridge Bill,

The Order of the £)ay being read, for the House to Supply d«. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, fMred* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will,- upon Friday Mom-A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Ing next, resolve itself into the said CommitteeV Mr. Graves:

The other Order of the Day being read:

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counftl fur-

Paddington Church Bill.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto; and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the

the Wool Bill.

Counsel upon the Bill to explain, amend,- and redace ther heard on into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep,

Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worded, Cruels, Coverlids,; Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco

Church Yard of the said Parish; without any Amend- Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of ment: And also, Jersey> Alderney, Sark, and , into Foreign

Vol. XLIII. 5 N Parts;

414 230 — Ap1788.

Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of " Wool."

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called

in.

And the Counsel for the Petitioners against the Bill examined several other Witnesses in Support of the Petitions against the said Bill, and went through their Evidence.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Hearing of Counsel upon the said Bill be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas, } 62-

TeUers for she Noes, 44-

So It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Evidence to Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fce printed. Minutes of the Evidence taken upon the Second Reading of the said Bill be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 2 4.0;

Anno 28° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of- Warren Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in

Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty- Southern sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Whale Fiftery Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and ted.commit for making further Provisions for that Purpose, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prayers.

bih Tor Pro- {\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a

testion of Bill for the better and more effectual Protection

Frametf&c. of Stocking Frames, and the Machines, or Engines, ordtied. annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Pu-

nishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory: And that Mr. Daniel Parker Coke and Mr. Robert Smith do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Member Ordered, That Lord Charles Spencer be added to the

added to bring Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring

Poor Church* in, a Bill for pulling down and re-building the Parish

Bill. Church of Saint Peter-lc-Pcor, within the City of Lon-,

don, and for widening the Street adjacent. '

St. Peter-ie- Lord Charles Spencer presented to the House, ac-Poor Church cording to Order, a Bill for pulling down and re- preem . building the Parish Church of Saint Peter-le-Poor, within the City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Halting. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to -

fler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers,

And he went accordingly; and returned.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Petition from and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Newbury, Newbury, rein the County of Berks, was presented to the House, ^teTride. and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Justice and Humanity, and disgraceful to our National Character; and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

A Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Second and White Aihe* Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, ^|lco,nm,t-intituled, "An Act against the carrying of White " Allies out of the Realm," was read a Second Time. L

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture Threid Mv of Ounce Thread, was read a Second Time. nufacture

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord cummlUC' Advocate of Scotland, Sir John Eden, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hclford and The Lord* Mr. Craves: have aereed ,0

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Biidworth and Act for repairing and widening the Road from the P^x,onRoad* Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the L.iberty of Blidworth, to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of Kirkby

in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pir.xton to Carter Lane, in the Parish

of

Leicester and Welford Road Bill.

The Lords will proceed on Tuesday on Mr. Hastings's Trial*

Committee on Charge against Sir Elijah Im-pey deferred.

Accounts

ordered.

Money issued to Clerk of Commissioners appointed to enquire into Fees of Offices.

To Mr. Bradley, for maintaining Convicts at Plymouth.

To Mr Campbell, for D° on the Thames.

To Secretary of Commissioners of Public Ac* Counts.

To Commissioners of Crown Lands*

For carrying on the Prosecution against Mr. Hattingf,

Counsel further heard on the Wool Bill.

28 Geo. III. — 25'

of South Normanton, and from to the Colliery

near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and We IfordTurnpike Road, in the Counties

of Leicester and Northampton, near Lane, to the

Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby la Zouch, in the said County of Le; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajling Esquire, on St uefday

next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in minster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon the 16th Day of this lnstant April, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Alouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts confined on Board the Dunkirk Hulk, in the Harbour of Hamoze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River ‘Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, and also to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House proceeded to the further Hearing of Counsel upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings,

jipriliSi 41 §

Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of, as Wool againj Mat-traffes or Beds (luffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twency-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the " winding of Wool."

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill was in Part heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Notice being taken, that Forty Members were not present; the House was told, by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned, by Mr. Speaker, with- out a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy 250 Aprilis j

Anno 28° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788*

Prayers.

MR. Gilbert reported from (he Committee, to Shiopshire whom the Petition of several Gentlemen, pcJt-tl^anti1°cn Manufacturers, and others, of the County of Salop-, poried. and also, the Petition of John Wilkinjon, of Brofley, in the County of Salop, Iron Matter, were severally referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Navigation Bills, had been complied with -, and that the Committee had examined the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the first-mentioned Petition, Mr. William JeJfop being examined, said,

That a Canal for the Navigation of Boats and other Vessels may be made from certain Coal and Iron Works, called Sncdjlnll Works, in the Parish of nail, near The Oaken Gates, in the County of Salop, through the several Parishes of Wombridge,

Stirch/ey, and Madeley, to communicate with the River Severn, at or near a certain Place, near Coalbrcok Dale, in the said County, called Stycbe's Weir, and also at or near a certain Meadow, called Watt Meadow, situate near Madeley Wood, in the said County — That the making of such Navigable Canal, together with fueft Collateral Cuts as may be found necessary, and also proper Railways and Roads to such Canal and Collateral Cuts, will open a Communication with several valuable Mines of Coal and Ironflone, and thereby benefit the Owners of such Mines/ and be of public Utility.

To prove the Allegations of the second-mentioned Petition, the said Mr. JeJfop being further examined, said. That the Line of the said proposed Canal may be 6 extended

Expiring Laws Bill prtfrnted.

Tcmpler’t Eliate Bill read.

Committee on Exeter Poor Bill to fit, notwithstanding Adjournment of the House.

East Mouldfey Sewenr Bill committed.

Day appointed for further hearing Coun-fe 1 on the Wool Bill.

41 6 250 Aprilis. 1 1788.

extended to or near a certain Canal at Donnington Counsel upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce Wood, and that such Extension will be very ad- into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in bc-vatrtageous to the Owners of several valuable Mines ing, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, of Coal and Ironstone, and of great public Benefit. Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended the Canal at Bennington Wood, in the County of Salop, Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced thence, by Two several Branches, to communicate to, and made Use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or with the River Severn, one near Coalbroek Dale, and Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco also certain Collateral Cuts to join such Canal: And Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of that Mr. Gilbert, Sir Richard Hill, and Mr. Kynaston, JcrJey, Sark, an into Foreign

do prepare, and bring in, the fame. Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Mr. Gilbert prefen ted to the House, according to the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Order, a Bill -to continue several Laws relating to Wool.*’ the Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and

preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and Spann Smithy

encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Spann K*j?*Bia

Plantations in America; to the further Punishment of Smithy, in the Township of , in the Parish Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Warmingh, through Sandbach, and over Lawton Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effectually Heath, by Lawton Gate, to the lower End of a Lane, encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in called Linley Lane, in Lawton, in the County of Chef-Great Britain-, to the allowing the Exportation of cer- ter, and from thence up the said Lane to Talk, in the tain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Parish of Audley, in the County of Stafford, was read Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permit- the Third Time.

ting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Refoh That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in The West Indies-, to the prohibiting the Exportation of Repair, the Road from Smithy, in the County

Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel of Chester, to Talk, in the County of Stafford.

Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the fe- Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the

ducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and

to the preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods, A Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Birmingham and the Danger of Infection thereby; and, to revive and Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of Road Bin continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Draw- his late Majesty King George the Second, and the comm"te<L back of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for re-consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; pairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the Clarke's Hydrometer: Ajid the same was received; End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was read a and read the First Time. Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Resolve That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert

Lawley, Sir George Augustus William Shuckburgh, &c.:

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the for veiling Part of the settled Estates of James Templer, Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Esquire, in the County of Devon, in him and his

Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate, of greater A Petition of the Clergy of the Diocese of Peti mn from

Value, in the same County, to be settled in Lieu was presented to the House, and read; Representing c^"8yof thereof, was read the First Time. the present State of the African Slave Trade, as be- ipeaing the *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ing hostile to the natural Rights of Men, and contrary Slave Trade.

to the Spirit of Religion; and submitting the same Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for to the Consideration of the House; raising further Sums of Money, for the better Relief Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Table.

Exon; and to explain and amend an Act, passed in

the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of cer- Doncaster and Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of tain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to T*dja‘t"

Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the committal,

within the said City and County, for the better em- South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the County of York, ploying and maintaining the Poor there, is commit- was read a Second Time.

ted, have Leave to fit Tomorrow, notwithstanding Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer any Adjournment of the House. Stanhope, Mr. John Smyth, &c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s

A Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual. Chamber, the Powers given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from EastMouldfey, in the County A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of cor- Doncaster and of Surrey,to Ravenjloume, in the County of Kent, was tain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to read a Second Time. the Roads from the Red House, near Doncaster, to the commit

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Joseph South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Mawbey, Mr. Norton, &c.: And they are to meet this Pontcfraft, and from thence to Weeland, in the Town-Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s ship of Henfall, and from Pontefratl to Wentbridge, in Chamber. the West Riding of the County of York, was read a

Second Time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Resolved, Thzt the Bill be committed to Mr. Spencer Morning next, proceed to the further Hearing of Stanhope, Mr. John Smyth,: And they are to meet

this

a8 Geo. III.

Accounts

presented.

Produce of Incidents*

45° Aprilis, . 417

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. , from the Exchequer, attended at the Door j he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Ah Account of the Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents, respectively j distinguishing, as far as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which shall have amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th Day of January 1788: And also.

An Account oFthe Monies which have been issued e*ii FlorlJa to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to Claim*, enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of-Spain:

And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued American 1 to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to Lo>llllU’ enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts arc as followeth , viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An A C COUNT of the Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents, respectively; distinguishing, as fat as possible, in each Branch, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duties on which Stall have amounted to £. t,oooo, or more* in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th Day of January 1788.

Salt, 5th April 1759 — — 80,461 J* IO d. 5

Add1 D°, 10th May 1780 — — — — 21,615 r -3

D° — 22 June 1782 - 22,183 13 9

760 per Week Letter Money, ift June 1711 — — i3,3°° — —

2,300 — — — 1784 — — — 43*7°° — —

Seizures, A0 1760 - 514^9 13 9

Fines of Leases, D® - 6,676 6 4

Alienation Duty, D® - — 2*433 15 4

Fines and Forfeitures, D® — — ' — — 1,400 — *-

Letter Money, D® — — 93,000 — —

6d. per Lib. on Pensions, 24th June 1721 — — — 41,100 — —

is. Deduct. on Salaries, 5th April 1758 — — — — 32,102 6 3

Houses and Windows, 10th October 1766 — — — — 411,021 *9 21

Houses, 5th April 1778 - 140,081 5 nf

Hawkers and Pedlars, 5th July 1710 — — — — L554 7 104.

Hackney Coaches, ift August 17n — — — — 13*219 *5 4

D® — — — 1784 — — — — 14,269 — —

Hawkers and Pedlars, 5th July 1785 — — — — 1,488 13 Hi

First Fruits of the Clergy - 5,164 2 IO

Salt, ift August 1785 — — . — — — 3,000 — —

Tenths of the Clergy - — 9*893 16 4

Male Servants, vf* 1785 - 97,9!2 — 6{

Female — - D® — — — — 33*994 6 8

4-Wheel Carriages, D® - 134*5*2 13 io|

2-Wheel — D® - 30,046 19 loi

Waggons, — D® - 18,530 >5 2

Carts, — D® — — — — 11,191 12 1\

Shops, — - D* — . — — — — 64,265 1 I

Houses and Windows, A0 1727 — Consol. Letter Money, A? 1787 — " 99,000 .

D® — Salt, — D® - 235,669 7 2 i

Horses, A® 1785 - — 110,885 1 91

Compositions by the Bank for Stamps — — — — 12,000

The Produce of the Duties under One thousand Pounds, in the above 7 Period, amount to the Sum of — — *-) 1,811,103 13 1,865 13 si Uv

1,812,969 7 si

Exchequer, the 15th Day of April 17884

James Fisher,

vox., xuir.

5 0

To

15° Ap.

A. 1788.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lodes of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of

The Monies which have been issued to Henry Charles Litchfield, Esquire, Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, amount to the Sum of — — — Granted out of the Supplies of the Year 1787 — — — 8 8 11^ 1 1 s

Remains not made good by Parliament — — — £. 1,000

Exchequer, the 25th Day of April 1788. James . 1 / <

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled. An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to John Forfter, Esquire, Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of the American Loyalists, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred and Ten Pounds Twelve Shillings.

Exchequer, the 25th Day of April 1788.

James F

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Aec*unt» of The House being informed that Mr. from

Chltward?iua4 Commissioners of the Customs in at-

enttwd in.1" tended at the Door j he was called in; and, at the wards\o »«"i Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Or-

from the Sugar A

Colonies, and #

of Ships dear- An Account of (the Number of Ships, and other for Africa^' Vessels, cleared Outwards from that Part of Great -presented.’ tain called Scotland, for the British Sugar Colonies, and the Number of Ships, and other Vessels, with their Tonnage, entered Inwards from the same Colonies, from Christmas 1786 to 1787: And

also,

An Account of the Number of Ships and Vessels, with their Tonnage, cleared Outwards, from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, for the Coast of Africa; distinguishing each Port, for the Years 1777, 1778, 1779, 1780, I7^I> and 178a.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. from the Barons, of the Exchequer in Scotland, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of* the Monies which, by the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His Majesty’s Reign, C ip. 57, are directed to be paid into, and levied by, the Karons of Exchequer in Scotland j and the unexhausted Balances thereof to remain subject to the Disposition of Parliament: And also,

An Account of all Engagements which the late Board of Trustees of the forfeited Estates in Scotland came under, which were confirmed by Royal Warrants, but not fulfilled, before passing the Act of the Twenty-fourth of His present Majesty, shewing those that have been discharged by the Barons of Exchequer

Account* relating to the forfeited Ef-tates in Scotland, prefeated.

419

quer ip Scotland in Terms of that Act, and those that remain undischarged.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read*

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst tho other Papers of this Session.

Account of The House being informed that Mr. from

theEasta>indui ^‘rc&ors of the East India Company, attended at Company in the Door j he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre-count’oflhe'" ^ntC£^ *° the House, pursuant to their Order, lUng'aTroop* A11 Account of all Sums of Money paid by the East prtfemed. India Company in India since the 5th Day of January 1787, on Account of His Majesty’s Troops in the Service of the said Company, according to the Directions of the Act passed in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committc*ap. The House was moved, That an Act made in the SdwAftfor* Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-treftingLigbt. jetty, intituled,c< An Act for erecting certain Light-Wc* in Scot- houses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider how far the Provisions of the said Act have been carried into Execution; and to report the same to the House.

And a Committee was appointed of the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Sir James Johnstone, &c: And they are to meet upon Monday Morning' next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bolton School An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill commit* for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar tc<j' School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the Moors,

in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, Gentleman, deceased j and for enlarging the Trulls and Powers of the said Governors for the Benefit of the said School, was read a Second Time.

Rejclved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Black-lurne, Mr. Rolls, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition from A Petition from the Proprietors of the Circus, near the Proprietor* Saint George’s Fields j Taking Notice of the Bill re-

wiridrawn*15* specting Persons representing Interludes, and keeping Places of public Entertainment j and praying to have a like Exemption with that which is given to the Proprietors of Sadlers Wells by the said Bill, being offered to be presented to the House j

The same was, with Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Bill to amend Acts relating to Persons representing Interludes, &c. passed.

An ingrossed Bill to amend an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and *c amend so much of an Act made in the Twelfth " Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reducing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants,- into " One Act of Parliament, and for the more effectual " punishing such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beg-u gars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they " ought to be sent, as relates to common Players of c* Interludes j" and also, an Act made in the Twen-

ty-fifth Yeas of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses," so far as the same relate to Persons representing Interludes, Tragedies, Comedies, Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Music, of other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and Westminster, or within Twenty % Miles thereof, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pafsAnd that the Title be. An Act to amend an Act made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend so c‘ much of an Act made in the Twelfth Year of the " Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, An Act for reduce " ing the Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds,

*c Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of " Parliament, and for the more effectual punishing " such Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and fending them whither they ought to be " sent, as relates to common Players of Interludes and also, an Act made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled,{ An Act " for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, " and for regulating Places of public Entertainment, " and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses,’* so far as the same relate to Persons representing Interludes, Tragedies, Comedies, Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Scage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Music, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and or

within Twenty Miles thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Mainwa do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That Mr. 'Thomas Stanley be added to the Gentlemen, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.,

Mr. Thomas Stanley presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Call presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and compleating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Ifts, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of to the said

Town of Cricklade:And the same was received; and

read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Duncotnbe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Township of Bagby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given

Memberadded

to bring in SawJey Bridge hill.

Sawley Bridge Bill piefcnttd.

Thames and

IGs Navigation Bill presented.

Bagby Inclosure Bill reported.

250 Apr.

A. 1788.

given their Consent to the Bill* to the Satisfaction of Mr. Daniel Parker Coke presented to the House, B!llforP,». the Committee (except the Owner of Lands of the according to Order, a Bill for the better and more Value of Five Pounds per Annum, entitled to Right effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Ma- &c.prefe0«i

of Common, who refused to sign the Bill; and that chines or Engines annexed thereto, or used there-the whole Annual Value of Lands, entitled to such with, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying Right of Common, is Six hundred and Forty-three or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Pounds, and upwards; and that the Committee had Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stock-changed Two of the Commissioners, agreeably to the ings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in Bill signed by the Parties); and that the Committee the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory: And had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- the same was received; and read the First Time.

RThat the Bill be read a Second Time. O, That the said Bill be printed.

Doctor Pulef-ton’sExchangc Bill reported and passed*

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House i and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments.were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Roger Mojlyn reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend DoClor in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of,

in the County of Denbigh, and Sir Wat kin Williams

Wynn, Baronet, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish, was committed; That

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hol/ord and Mr. The lords

Graves: ^"agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Saltney and Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the gj"1 Koil1 Road from the Township of S in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint,in the said County; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, at the.Riling of the Housertfoim House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. mS"*

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Sadter*Well, Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant L,co,ftBil1 Letters Patent for the licensing of the Performance of

deferred.

the Committee had examined the Allegations of the ‘ certain public Entertainments therein mentioned, to Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Par- he exhibited at the Place called Sadlers Wells, in the ties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to Parish of Saint James, in the County of the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Com- . Middlesex, in such Manner as is therein expressed; mittee had directed him to report the Bill to the Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time House, without any Amendment: And he delivered upon Monday Sevennight the 5th Day of May next.

the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time. Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Mr ..Yorkereported from the Committee, to whom Cimbndjt the Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting £,vi[nt^111

Ordered, That Sir Roger Mojlyn do carry the Bill to the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath Obstructions and Annoyances, for widening the Streets,

Pawnbrokers Petitions reported.

agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Alderman Newnham reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Pawnbrokers within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the Bills of Mortality; and also, the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Pawnbrokers, on Behalf of themselves and others, exercising that Business within the Bills of Mortality, were fe-

Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town with Water, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the Town of Cambridge, was referred; That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Agent, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they

verally referred; That the Committee had examined had directed him to report to the House; and he read

the Matters of the said Petitions; and had directed him to report the fame, as they appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petitions, an Act passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers, was read: And Mr. John Hills being examined, said. That the Regulations established by the said Act have been found to be beneficial to the Public; and it is conceived that much public Advantage would be derived if the same were made perpetual; and that it will be necessary to make some Amendments to certain Clauses in the said Act, in order to make the same more beneficial to the Public.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend and make perpetual an Act, pasted in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the " Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers:" And that Mr. Alderman Newnham and Mr. Alderman Wation do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Vice Chancellor of the University of Cambridge shall hear and determine Complaints of certain Offences committed against the Provisions of the said Bill, by Persons belonging to the said University.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with Blanks.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blanks with pecuniary Penalties; 1

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed.

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

5 Mr.

Account! ordered.

Produce of Customs, Ex-cife. Stamps, and Incident!.

Customi*

Excise

Stampti

Gossip's Estate Bill read.

Committee on Corn Regulation A a.

28 Geo. III. 25® — 28'

Mr. Torke took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Torke reported from the Committee, That they

had gone through the said Clause, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Torke accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House) and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Twice read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House 5 and the said Clause was added, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the 5th Day of April 17873 and between the 5th Day of 1787, and the 5th Day of April 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs; distinguishing, as far as pollible, the Gross and Net Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards, between the 5th Day of April 1787 and the 5th Day of April *7 88.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Net Produce paid into the Exchequer of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to 1,000, or upwards, between the 5th Day of April 1787 and the 5th Day of April 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer, between the 5th Day of April 1787, and the 5th Day of April 1788, on Account of the Duties on Stamps; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Amount of each Tax.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Ef-tates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William Gojftp, Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and «c ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of " Com and Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Act. v

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to

Vol. XLIII.

Apr ills. 421

make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope accordingly reported frond the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to hring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act.

And Mr. Spencer Stanhope moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain and amend the said Act: And that Mr. Spencer Stanhope, Mr. Crewe, and Mr. Robert Burton, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rafolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morrt* ing next, Ten of the Clock.

Lunce,28° Apr'tlis%

Anno 28° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

MR. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Justices acting under the Commission of the Peace for the County Palatine of Chester, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition 3 and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Charles Potts, Esquire, being examined, said. That the Gaol of the Cattle of Chester, being the public Gaol for the County, is become ruinous and unsafe for the Custody of Prisoners; and it is proposed to rake down the fame, and to build a new Gaol either upon or near to the Scite of the present Gaol, and upon certain other Ground, and the Scite of several Buildings adjoining thereto, or in some other convenient Situation near to the said Castle of Chester.

That the Prothonotary’s Office, where the Records of the said County are kept, is situated over a Part of the present Gaol, and it may be necessary to re^ move the fame, and also the Record Office of the Court of Exchequer, and several other Buildings, in order to give Room for the Erection of the said intended new Gaol, and for the making proper Yards and Conveniences thereto — And that it will be necessary to re-build such Offices in some other convenient Situation, within or near to the said Castle of Chester.

And the Witness added. That the Magistrates of* the said County are not authorized by the Laws in being to remove and re-build, at the public Charge of the Inhabitants, such Buildings as may be necessary for effecting the above Purposes.

Mr. James Caherley, a Surveyor, confirmed the above Evidence.

5 P Ordered,

P

Gock; e

Reported*

Bill ordered*

Wajr* and Meant do* ferred.

Supply dt* ferred*

Chester GjlqI Petition rt*J ported*

4ii

18° jfpnlis. jA* i 7 8 8*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking down and re-building the Gaol of the Castle of Chester,the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gao), and for making proper Yards and Conveniences thereto: And that Mr. Crewe and Sir Robert Salusbury Cotton do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sitfford and A Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much

Chester Roads of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His mitted!"* present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so tc much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made " and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of tc the County of Staffordin the Poll Road, towards " the City of Chester, through in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of " and from Nantwich to Yarporley, and from thence *c through Yarvin, in the said County of to

" the said City of Chejle, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road;

" and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of , to the

" Cross in Yarvin, aforesaid," as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Crewe, Mr. Madocks, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Bsgby inch*. An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing certain fore Bill paired. Moors or Commons within the ToWnship of Bagby, in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Township of , in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Derby. Bridge A Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River mitted!"* Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gilbert, Lord George Cavendish, 8cc.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

chafin'sEstate Mr. Pbelips reported from the Committee, to whom

[Xded’ t^ie lngr°ffed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of

Chafin, Clerk, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pbelips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

St.Peter-le- A Bill for pulling down and re-building the Parish

Poor Church Church of Saint Peter-le-Poor, within the City of -

Bill committed.

don, and for widening the Street adjacent, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Phe-lips, Mr. Alderman Watjcn, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber,

Mr. Samuel Yhorntcn reported from the Committee, Peak's Ex. to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, change Bill An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments be- pt^d! ’an tween the Trustees of a Charity F.state in in the Parish of Hejs re,in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Robinson Peaje, Esquire, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Samuel Ybornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the E xpinn»-Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and pre- J"0'ws venting Frauds relating to the Customs 5 so the en- eommU* couraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in Americaj to the: permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and UtenfiTs made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. David Murray reported from the Committee, Lingen Road, to whom the Bill for amending, widening, and keep- u reported, ing in Repair, the Roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen, and from thence to Willey's Oak, and from Kingsham to the Rod, and from Lingen aforesaid to Jord, in the County of Hereford,was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques-

tien

28 Geo. III. 28° A423

tien severally put thereupon, were agreed, to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Leith Harbour An ingrossed Bill for enlarging and improving the Bill parted. Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour j and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of

Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill j viz.

Pr. 34. 1. 8. To leave out (‘ dated," and insert " usual and accustomed" instead thereof.

1. 9. To leave out from "Fees" to the End of Line 38.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith, for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks, for building Warehouses, for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of , to

purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes.

Ordered, That Sir Adam FerguJJbn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

shroplhireNa- Sir Richard Hill presented to the House, according angation Bill to Order, a Bill for making and maintaining a Navi-P C,0e gable Canal, from the Canal at Eonnington Wood, in the County of Salop,to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence, by Two several Branches, to communicate with the River Severn, one near -brook Bale, and the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to join such Canal: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

TauntonStrett Mr. Alexander Popham presented to the House, ac- Bill preiemed. corcj;ng to or(]ei-} a Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Ham-met, Knight, to lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and to>purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for veiling the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs: And the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Carmarthen An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Road from Carmarthen to passed. Lampeter Pont Stephen, in the County of Cardigan, and from Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen, to Lampeter Pont Stephen aforesaid, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter Pont Stephen, in the County of Cardigan, and from Llandovery, in the County of Carmarthen, to Lampeter Pont Stephen aforesaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Philipps do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Hugbjon, from Aeeountof the Exchequer, attended at the Door -, he was called in i and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pur- cire,°suinp»] suant to their Order, «"> incident*,

An Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Pr*ftMe*‘ Customs, Excise, Stamps, and Incidents, between the 5th Day of April 1786 and the 5th Day of April 1787, and between the 5th Day of vlp 1787 and the 5th Day of April 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from A«c<nmt of the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the printed. House, purfuint to their Order,

An Account of what Arrears of Land Taxes were Handing out at Michaelmas 1787, with the Names of the respective Receivers in whose Hands the said Arrears remain, and what Proceedings have been had to compel the Payment thereof.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In- Account of speftor General of the Exports and Imports of Great £ro5luce of Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, *

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs} distinguishing, as far as possible, the Gross and Net Produce on every separate Article, the Duty of which has amounted to £. 1,000, or more, in the Four Quarters preceding the 5 th Day of January 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Section.

Mr. Alderman Le Mejurier presented to the House; Southwark according to Order, a Bill for enabling the Comfriissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the pr *" ’

Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining the reco, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Division in the said Act described: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The Lord Wenman presented to the House, ac- Oimoor cording to Order, a Bill for draining and improving Dr*ina*.' the Common or Waste called Otmoor,within the feve- pt'ent ral Parishes of Beckley, Noke, Oddington, and Charlton, in the Counties of Oxjord and Bucks, or some or One of them, and for dividing and setting out specific Parts thereof, for the several Townships and Hamlets respectively, having a Right of Common thereon: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

x Rejohed,

4*4

8° Apri

A. 1788.

Counsel orders on Lord Abingdon'* and Meflir*. Ledwell'*, &c. Petition*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Mr. also acquainted the House, That he was

The House was moved. That the Petition of the directed by the Committee to move, that they may Right honourable Willoughby Earl of Abingdon; and have Leave to fit again

Resolved, That this House will, upon: Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

also, the Petition of ‘Thomas Ledwell, Edward Ledwell,

William Fruin, and other the Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Freeholders, Landholders, and Cottagers, residing within the Parishes,

Hamlets, or Townships of Beckley, Horton, Mur cot,

Fencot, Charlton, Oddington, and Noke, in the County of Oxford, which were severally presented to the House upon the 25th Day of February and the 18th Day of to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the

Wijrs mi Meaus deferred.

Glynne'* Effete Bill committed*

March last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Ordered, That the said Petitions do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time j and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill', upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petitions.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne, Esquire, and ,likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settle

Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into commmw a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Petition from Petition of the Freemen of the Borough of Queenbo-rough, in the County of Kent, whose Names are there- rough, unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freemen of the said Borough.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Marftjam took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, That

they had examined a Witness, and had made a Pro-

ment made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne, gress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne, directed by the Committee to move, that they may Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leases of the Coal have Leave to fit again.

Member added to bring in Pawnbroker* Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Petition.

Ordered, That the several Persons who were ordered Persmit* to attend the said Committee this Day (except Mr. w*®4* William Stamp) do attend the said Committee upon Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton be added to the Tomorrow Sevennight, the 6th Day of next.

and other Mines within the said Estates, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Sir Roger Mostyn, &c: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Pawnbroker* Bill presented.

Committee of Supply.

Estimate of Scotch Road* and Bridge* referred.

Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to amend and make perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cc An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers."

Mr. Henry Thornton presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to amend and make perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for further regulating the Trade and Business of " PawnbrokersAnd the same was received j and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Estimate of the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1788, approved by Lieutenant General Mackay, Commander in Chief of

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Baker, Sail Maker, at Rotherhithe, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Soans Rob'erts do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Roberts do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

A Petition of the Owners of Prize Ships and Fo- Petitionf. reign-built Ships made free belonging to the Port of p^tj£ London, was presented to the House, and read; Set- agunfttk ting forth. That a Bill has been Twice read in the House, for regulating the Whale Fisheries, which con- gm) tains a Clause for depriving all Prize Ships, and Ships made free, not now employed in the said Fisheries, of the Privilege of receiving the Bounties that are now, or which hereafter may be, granted to Ships employed in the said Fisheries; and that, under the Sanction of the Acts of the Thirteenth and Fourteenth of King Charles the Second, the Seventh and Eighth of King William the Third, and the Twenty-fixfh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, the Petitioners did invert a considerable Part of their Property in such Ships, which are now partly employed upon Foreign

His Majesty’s Forces there, be referred to the said Voyages, and a Part in the Port of London, which last

Committee,

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rofetook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rose reported from the Committee, That they

they intended should be fitted out, to proceed upon the Southern Whale Fisheries, and, if the said Clause should pass, it will greatly affect the Property of the Petitioners inverted in such Ships, as the depriving the said Ships of any Part of the Privileges they now enjoy by Law will depreciate their Value on a Sale in a very great Degree; and that the Petitioners are ad-

had come to a Resolution, which they had directed vised, that a Law which has Force and Effect,

him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Fadlo, is against the Principle of all Laws which anteriorly have veiled Property in Individuals: And, therefore praying to be heard, by their Counsel, against the said Clause, at the Bar of the House, and

2 ta

415

Committee on Southern Whale Fishery Bill.

Accounts, &c. referred*

Counsel ordered on Petition from Owners of Prize Ships.

Committee on Charge against Sir Elijah Impey,

Papers referred.

to shew that the depriving such Ships not now employed of the Bounties now given, or intended to be given, to British-built Ships employed in the Greenland

and Southern Whale Fisheries, will prevent the Increase of the Shipping and Seamen of the Nation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further Provisions for that Purpose;

Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament, relative to the Southern Whale Fishery, he referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Thursday Morning next.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Owners of Prize Ships and Foreign-built Ships made free, belonging to the Port of London, which was this Day presented to the House, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

The other Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Imfey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort in;

Ordered, That the several Papers which were presented to the House upon the 1 ith Day of March last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Four first of the Papers which were presented to the House, upon Tuesday last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee; .

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Webster took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Webster reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Sevennight, the 7th Day of May next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vol. XLIII.

Martts, 2 90 die Aprilis;

1

Anno i3° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

A BILL for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near SawleFerry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester,was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Mundy, Lord George Cavendiftj,: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of fames Temper, Esquire, in the County of Devon, in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof was read a Second Time. \

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Lemon, Mr. Bochin, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William GoJJip, Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Duncombe, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westmin Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refus^ to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That thfcre was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usualj and they went into -minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

5 Q_ Mr.

Sawley Bridge Bill committed.

Templef a Estate Bill committed.

Gossip’s Eftato Bill committed.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

42.6

29° Apr.

1788,

Sir George Amy ind's Estate Bill reported, and paired.

Mr. Welwyn reported from the Committee, to whom A Clause was offered to be abided to the Bill, for the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act making Provision for the Delivery of the Writ for for veiling certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Kirkwall.

Will of Sir George Amy and, Baronet, deceased, in Truf- And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the tees, to fell the lame, ar\d for laying out the Money, Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, made Part of the Bill.

Day appointed for Second Reading of Ot-moor Drainage

Bill,

Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Walwyndo carry the Bill to the L.ords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Bill for draining and improving the Common or Wade, called Otmoor, within the several Parishes of Beckley, Noke, and Charlton,

in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, or some or One of them, and for dividing and setting out specific Parts thereof, for the several Townships and Hamlets re-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Mr. Baker ti attend Committee on Petition from Freemen of

ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. John Baker, Sail Maker, at therhithe, do, upon this Day Sevennight, attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the Petition of the Freemen of the Borough of Sjueenborough, in the County ^gif0" of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Freemen of the said Borough.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lords Mr. Leeds: h»ve agreed t»

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Flint CanJ Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal Bill, from Pentre Rock, near the Town of Flint, to Greenfield, in the County of Flintj without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords

the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

To-morrowr on Mr. Hal-tingis Trial.

Cambridge Paving Bill passed.

spectively, having a Right of Common thereon, be House, That their Lordships will proceed further in ^llProc"d read a Second Time upon Friday Three Weeks the ——

23d Day of May next.

An ingrossed Bill for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Ann°yances> for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town, and for the better supplying the Inhabitants of the said Town with Water, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting, the Town of Cambridge, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances, and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town.

Ordered, That Mr. Yorke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Lingen Roads Bill passed.

An ingrossed Bill for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair the Roads leading from to Lingen, and from thence to Willey's Oak; and from Kingsham to the Rod-, and from Lingen aforesaid to Watford, in the County of Hereford, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from to Lingen,

and from thence by Boresford to Oak; and from Kingsham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads near the Rod; and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford, in the County of Hereford.

Ordered, That Mr. David Murray do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

S.otAElec-tiens Bill reported.

Sir James JJjnstone reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for further regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

The House being informed that Mr. Lloyd, from Account of the Commissioners for managing the Duties arising by Stamp Dutin Stamps, attended at the Door; he was called in; pt'snt* ’ and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788, on Account of the Duties on Stamps; distinguishing the Sums paid on each Tax,

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Webb, from Account of the Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; gr°c-""°f he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Ordef,

An Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Produce on every fepafate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £. 1,000 or upwards, between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members. of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of the Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Motiontc-posed. That it is highly injurious to the Naval Ser- fpdfcngP"-vice of Great Britain, to set aside, in Promotions of

motions of FUgOfieirt*

Flag Officers, Officers of distinguished Merit and ap-Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; proved Service, who are not precluded from such Pro-and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon motion by any Orders of His Majesty in Council; the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to And the previous Question being put. That that PrtwmM

by the House. . Question be now put; *

The

ExpiringLawi Kill deferred*

fceport of Supply deferred*

raffington Inclosure Hill reported.

29s — 3 o° Apr ills.

427

The House divided*

The Noes went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j xheTor

[Mr. John ’James Hamil-1

ton, I 2 20.

Mr. Steele: J

So it passed in the Negative.

The Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America-,to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain-, to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quuhtities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the West Indies; to the prohibiting the Exportation

of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be confirmed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by C'a-ke’sHydrometer.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 30° Aprilis 5

Anno 28° Georgii IIP" Regis, 17881

Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to Yafforft ta* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of e ' Yafforth, ThruntoftLittle Langton, and upon

Wijk, some or One of them, in the North Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had be^n complied with; and that the Committee had examined the' Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietor of an Estate of the Annual Value of 393* who refused to sign the Bill; and that the whole Property belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure is of the Annual Value of £. 2,511. 6s. 9 or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better and more effectual Protection Bili for Proof Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Pu- Frame*, &c* nishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such committed* Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to i Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Prayers.

MR. Duncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Pasture, New ture, Botton, and Lojgill Bank, in the Township of Grajfuigtcn, in the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been compl’ed with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be' true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Proprietors of 31 Beast Gates, and 125 Sheep Gates, who refused to sign the Bill; and that there are 361 Beast Gates, and 1,240! Sheep Gates, belonging to Persons interested in the Inclosure; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Trial of Mr*, House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, anji Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Commiccee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of B arren Hajlings, Esquire,

were

Thames ind Ifi* Navigation Bill committed.

Petition from the Provincial Synod of Ross respecting the Slave Trade.

Accounts

pre&nted.

428 30° April 1788.

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual j and they went into tninster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned j

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers osso much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers ‘Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates

to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Midd to the said Town of Cricklade, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Call, Mr. Vansittart, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Provincial Synod of Ross, was presented to the House, and read , Expressing their Desire that the House would take the same of the Negro Slaves in the British Colonies into Consideration, and grant them either Total Relief, or such a Mitigation of their Sufferings, as to the House shall seem expedient.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door j he was

called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts confined on Board the Dunkirk Hulk, in the Harbour of Hamoze at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, and also to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament: And also.

An Account of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren liaflings, Esquire.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

The said Accounts are as followeth -, viz.

Money issued to Clerk, of Commissioner? appointed to enquire into FeescfO&ces.

To Mi*. Bradley, for maintaining, &r. Convicts at Plymouth.

ToMr. Campbell, for D° on the Thames.

ToSecretaryof Commissioners of Public Accounts.

To Commissioners of Crown Lands.

For carrying on the ProU-cution against Mr. Halting!.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Mouatt, Chief Clerk in the’Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent Expences in their Office, which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Eight hundred and Thirteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence.

Exchequer,

the 30th Day of April 1788. John Hughfon.

x.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts confined on Board the Dunkirk Hulk, in the Harbour of Hamoze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

The Monies which have been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts confined on Board the Dunkirk Hulk, in the Harbour of Hamoze, at Plymouth, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Five hundred Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence.

Exchequer,

the 30th Day of April 1788. ' John Hughfon.

To

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts ' on the River Thames, and which have noc been made good by Parliament.

The Monies paid to Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames, and which have not been made good by Parliament, amount to the Sum of Thirty thousand and Eighty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny.

Exchequer the 30th Day of 1788.

John Hug

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, which have not been made good by Parliament. '

The Monies issued to John Lane, Esquire, Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom, amount to the Sum of Six hundred Pounds, and which has not been made good by Parliament.

Exchequer, the 30th Day of 1785.

John Hughjon.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, and also to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, and which have not been made good by Parliament.

1

The Monies which have been issued for the above Service amount to the Sum of Five

thousand Pounds j

To Sir Charles Middleton, Bart. John Call, and Fordyce, Esq", Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown ——

To John Fordyce, Esqr, late Secretary to the above Commissioners —

J. s. d.

3.000 ——

2.000 - — —

5,000 — —

Exchequer, the 30th Day of April 1788.

John Hughjon.

Vol. XLIII.

£ R

To

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and BurgelTes, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Esquire.

The Monies which have been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, amount to the Sum of Four thousand Three hundred Pounds.

To Messrs. Wallis and Broward, to defray the Expences incurred in carrying on the said Prosecution - —

To Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, to enable him to pay the Expences attending the hiring of Doorkeepers and other Persons which he has been obliged to employ during the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire — — —

4,000 — — .

300 — —

I.

4,300 ——

Exchequer, the 30th Day of 1788.

John Hughfon.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Aeteunt ®f The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In-Custom, prt* fpc&or General of the Exports and Imports of Great lented. Britain, attended at the Door; he was called in; and,

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs; distinguishing, as far as possible, the Gross and Net Produce on every separate Article, the Duty on which has amounted to £. 1,000, or upwards,- between the 5th Day of 1787 and the 5th Day of April 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

ixeter Poor Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, to whom

Hirt repotted, the Bill for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed; and to whom the Petition of William Fryer, One of the Forty elected Guardians of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, was referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petition, and had also heard Counsel in Favour of the said Bill; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s

Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,. One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for examining the Workhouse, and inspecting the Books of Account Four Times in a Year; and for registering the Observations of the Commissioners.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be , ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. The Lord, Montagu: hav« »

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An comptonM*. Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and tinlnciofat Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in *’* the County of Somerset-, without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Huddmfidd Act for continuing and amending an Act of the Eighth R#ad Bill* Year of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of to in

the County Palatine of Chester, and from thence to a Bridge over the River Mersey, called Enter dough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, ®^d R8*1 the Road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke-, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An spondonIn-Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of in the County of Derby; without any Amendment: And also.

The

TheLorchwill proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hastings’s Trial.

Committee on East Mouldfey Sewer* Bill to fend for Per-foat, Papers, and Records.

Petition for additionalPro-▼ifion in Stafford and Chester Roads Bill.

Thread Ms-mifacture Bill reported.

White A Ihes , Bill reported.

28 Geo. III. 30° Aprilis. 431

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of (Varren Hastings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual, the Powers given to the Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending from East Mouldfeyin the County of to Ravenjbourne, in the County of Kent, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others. Inhabitants of the County of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so " much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and " passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years " of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Se- cond, as relate to the Road from the End of the *f County of Stafford,in the Poll Road towards the City of Chester, through in the County of

" Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and

" from Nantwich to Tarpo and from thence " through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repair- ing, widening, and supporting the same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from " Norjhwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross " in Tarvirt aforesaid;" as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and Setting forth, That there is a Piece of Road of about Three Quarters of a Mile in Length, extending from Vicker's Cross, in the Parish of Christlcton, in the said County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road leading from Flookerjbrook Bridge to Frodjha which is at present much out of Repair, and it would be of great Benefit to all Persons travelling the said Road, if the same was included in, and made Part of, the Third District of Roads comprized in the said Bill: And therefore praying, That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making the said Piece of Road a Part of the said Third District.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Min chin, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread, was committed; That the /Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repealing an Act>

made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against " the carrying of White Ashes out of the Realm," Was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, ift at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Rose, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, td whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed:; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, for defraying the Charge of the Works and Repairs of the Military Roads and Bridges in North Britain, for the Year 1788.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Command,

An Account of Money ififued to ’Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to reimburse the Sum of £. 2,coo, paid by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and also the Fees attending the Receipt thereof: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Colton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government: And also,

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton', Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to be applied as a Payment for present Reliefj and upon Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, as have given satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, in a Proportion not exceeding £. 40 per Cent, to such of the said Persons as bore

Arms or rendered Services in America, and in a Proportion not exceeding £. 30 per Cent, to such others of the said Persons as were resident in America during the late War: And also.

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Fees due to the late Attorney General, Secretary, and Surveyor of Lands, and for Expences of surveying and laying out Lands in the Province of Nova Scotia; also for Surveys of Lands at Cape Breton; for Fees to Deputy Surveyors of Lands in the Bahama Islands; likewise the Difference between Sterling and Currency on Two Bills, drawn by Governor Patterson, for Expences in surveying Lands in the Island of Saint John, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof: And also.

An Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, 2 Esquire,

ReportSuppJy,

Scotch Road* and Bridges.

Accounts of Money issued to Mr. Cotton, and Eliiroaia of Sums wanted at SomersetPlacei prefcnicd.

in

Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury by Andrew Phillip, Esquire, Governor, inti. Andrew , Commissary, of the intended Settlement in South Wales: And also,

An Estimate of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 1788, at Somerset P, towards Payment of

1788.

Arrears due to different Tradesmen for Works done, and towards carrying on Works begun, or intended, during the Remainder of the Year.

And the Titles of the said Accounts and Estimate were read.

The said Accounts and Estimate are as followeth; viz.

30° Apr

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to ‘Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the Purposes following; that is to say:

1787. 6th July. To reimburst him the Sum of £. a,000, paid by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Thomas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission — — To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — — £. 2,000 hi — 6

2,111 — 6

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 30th April 1788. George Ro/e.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for the following Service j that is to say.:

For defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government — — To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ' — — - £.57,500 2,991 4 — 60,491 4 —

TIMES W

1787. June 8th —

July 27 th —

November 2d —

December 14th —

1788. January 18 th — -

April 18 th —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 30th April 1788.

HEN ISSUED.

— — I S»*6 4 18 —

— — 14,200 18 —

— — 7,100 9 —

— — - 7,100 9 —

— — I3>667 19 6

— — i3>i56 10 6

£ 60,491 4 —

George Rose.

Aa

i8 Geo. III.

433

30* Apr

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to be applied for the following Purposes j that is to say:

1787.

3d August. As a Payment for present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, as have given satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commissioners appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, in a Proportion not exceeding £.40 per Cent. to such of the said Persons as bore Arms or rendered Services in America, and in a Proportion not exceeding 30 per Cent, to such others of the said Persons as were resident in America during the late War — — — — £ i3»530 *4 —

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof 703 14 —

----- ----- ----- -14.43+ 8 —

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 30th April 1788.

George Roje.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton,lifquirej at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Fees due to the late Attorney General, Secretary, and Surveyor of Lands, and for Expences of surveying and laying out Lands in the Province of Nova; also for Surveys of Lands at Cape Breton -, for Fees to Deputy Surveyors of Lands in the Bahama Islands; likewise the Difference between Sterling and Currency on Two Bills, drawn by Governor for Expences of surveying Lands in the Island of Saint J and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof j that is to say:

1787. July 6 th.

1788. February 15th.

March 14th.

You. XHII.

To discharge Fees due to Richard Gibbons, Esquire, late His Majesty’s Attorney General of Nova Scotia, on Tracts of Land efeheated in that Province -r-To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — — 1 — _

To discharge Fees due to Richard Bulkeley, Esquire, Secretary of the Province of Nova Scotia, for Half Fees on Grants of Land, from the ift 1786

to the 31st March 1787, £. 151. 7. 6.; and £. 24. 12. 6. for registering; and £. 8. 10. Halifax Currency, to Mr. Francis Shipton, for auditing Grants of Land in that Province, for the said Period, amounting in Sterling to — —

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

To pay Fees due to Charles Morris, Esquire, Surveyor General of Lands in Nova Scotia, on Surveys of Lands in that Province — —

To pay Bills drawn by Thomas Carleton, Esquire, Governor of New Brunswick, for Expences incurred in surveying and locating Lands for the Loyalists and disbanded Troops settled in that Province . —

To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof — — —

£.118 16 —

14 10 6

166 1 — 17 ——

5°4 4 6

185 17 ioj 43 16 6

5

133 6

183 1 —

733 1* i°!

To

A. 1788.

434

1788. April 30th,

To pay the Half Fees due to the Secretary, Surveyor General, Register, and Auditor, on Grants of Lands to sundry Persons who have taken Refuge in the Province bf New BrUnJwick — —

To pay a Bill drawn by Governor Parr, for Expences incurred in surveying and laying out Lands for sundry Persons who have taken Refuge in the Province of Nova Scotia — — —

To pay a Bill drawn by Patrick Rooney De-

puty Surveyor at Cape Breton, for Surveys performed on that Island — — —

To pay Bills drawn by John , President of the Council at the Bahama Islands, for Fees to the Deputy Surveyors of Lands, and Wages to Chain Bearers, employed in locating and surveying Lands between the 27th June 1786 and 27th September 1787 ——

To pay the Difference between Sterling and Currency on Two Bills drawn by Governor , for Expences in surveying Lands in the Island of Saint John. ——

To pay the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof ——

4'4 7 4

113 15 — 121 l8 9

M36 *3 31

43 5 4

102 6 —

----- ----- ---- i>93* 5

£. 2,982 12 1

________i_______

Whitehall', Treasury Chambers, 30th April 1788.

George Roje.

An ACCOUNT of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by Andrew Phillip, Esquire, Governor, and Andrew Miller, Commissary, of the intended Settlement in New South Wales , that is to say:

1788. 14th March. 1

A Bill drawn by Commissary Miller, dated 'Teneriffe, the 10th of June 1787, for Provisions purchased for the Use of the Marines and Convicts — —

A Bill drawn by Ditto, dated Rio de Janeiro, ift September 1787, for Provisions, Csfr®. purchased for the Use of the Convitts at that Place — —

A Bill drawn by Governor Phillip, dated ift September 1787, for Expences attending the Transports, and for the Purchase of some Articles at Rio de Janeiro — To pay Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof

jC-76 1 9

2,303 17 6

*35

i37 8 —

2,652 7 3

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 30th April 1788.

George Roje.

An

a 8 Geo. III.

435

30° Aprilis.

An ESTI MATE of the Sums wanted for the Service of the Year 1788, at Somerset Plate, towards Payment of Arrears due to different Tradesmen for Works done, and towards carrying on Works begun, or intended, during the Remainder of the Year.

Wanted, exclusive of what remains of the last Year’s Supply, to pay Arrears — —

Wanted towards compleating the Treasurer of the Navy’s House, Four Commissioners Houses, erecting the Arches of the Western Subterraneous Street, paving the Eastern Street, and building several Commissioners Houses — — . —

Somerset Place,

,78S- muim

13,700 — —

11,300 —

25,000 --- —

Otdered, That the said Accounts and Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Supply deferred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

railing

Ex

xDiringLavx, Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House erred. to rcf0jve jtlelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America-, to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise j to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain-, to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America-, to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in the . West Indies-, to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the reducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke’s Hydrometer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being fead i The House proceeded to the further Hearing ot Cotinfel for; Counsel upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce ther heard on into One Act of Parliament, several Laws nbW in being the Wo*1 BlU* for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings,

Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool, slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Ufc of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Wool."

And the Counsel for and against the Bill were called in.

And the Counsel for the Bill was further heard.

And then the Counsel on both Sides were directed to withdraw.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the Bill be committed; ,

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon -,

A Member proposed to examine Mr. who

had given Evidence before the Committee appointed to consider of the Laws for preventing the Exportation of Wool.

And the House being informed that the said Mr.

Anftie was now attending;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, examined.

And then he was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned till To- DeSateon morrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- the Bill posed, That the Minutes of the Examination Of Mr. »<*j°urned. Anftie, now taken, be printed;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put.

That the House do now adjourn;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

C Sir John Thor old,

| Sir Peter

tellers for he Noes, { £-Pf%rMry.

So it passed in the Negative.

Tellers for the Yeas,

33-

67.

Then

4$

Mali.

A. 1788.

w Tkttv tke Quest\on being put, That the Minutes Mr. Burton reported from the Committee, *et't5ojfo*4

of the Examination of Mr. Anjlie, now taken, be to whom the Petition of David , of Little IVcl- 0J®"*

iip. . v rv n C n ' a n a 1 Ts 1 .

printed,

It passed in the 'Negative.

And then the House adjourned ti\\ Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovisy 1* die Matt;

Anno a8° Georgii IIIul Regis, 1788.

Pa XYEtS.

beck Street, in the Parish of Saint Mary le , in the Chimney

County of Middlesex> Mailer Chimney Sweeper, was Appr«. referred-, "lhat the Committee had examined the tiecs,reported. Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House i and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table:

"Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

To. prove the Allegations of the Lid Petition, Mr. j fames Dunn, a Mailer Chimney Sweeper at

bridge, being examined, laid, That great Inhumanity is pra&ifcd by Matters on their Apprentices — That he himself had been very ill-treated by his Matter, having been bound Apprentice at $ Years of Age, for 7 Years — That when he was about 10 Years old, he wasfent up a Chimney which had been on Fire for 48

Tcirtum for 'Leave to prefect a Petition

A PETIT ION of the Re£tor, Churchwardens, Hours: That during the Time he was up the Chim-and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul ney, his Matter came, and found Fault with him, in for airin Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, whole so angry a Manner, as to occasion a Fright, by which

CoventGufen Names are thereunto subsevibed, was presented to the Means he fell dow*n into the Fire, and was much Church. House, and read , Setting forth. That the Parish burnt, and crippled by it for Life.

Church of Saint Paul, Covert Garden, aforesaid, having That there is a Custom of hiring Boys of Matter

become much decayed, it was the Intention of the Pe- Chimneysweepers, and of fending them up Chim-titioners, during the present Summer, to have made neys, without Regard to the Size of the Chimneys, or such Repairs as were immediately and indispensably the Age of the Boys; and if the Chimneys happen to necessary; and that, upon a proper Survey being be too final!, they call the Boys down, ft rip them, made for that Purpose, it was discovered that Tem- and beat them, and force them tip again, by which porary Repairs will be but of little Utility to the said Means they become crippled.

Church, and his Grace the Duke of Bedford, the Pa- That it is the Custom of the Trade to take a great tron of the Living, has, in consequeRce, made a vo- Number of Apprentices [he mentioned an. Instance luntary Offer, of contributing f. 500 towards sub- where a Peri'on had 24] which are let our, as before stantially repairing the said Church j and that, in mentioned, at Six Pence Day; but that he thinks consequence thereof, it will be greatly for the Benefit or 5 Apprentices would be sufficient to do the Bufi-of the said Parish that the said Church Should, in, ness of any Chimney Sweeper — That he has known the first Instance, be substantially, and not tempora- Boys taken as Apprentices at Four Years of Age, and rily repaired, but the Petitioners cannot raise the ne- they are in general bound for Seven — That he has ceflary Sum of Money for effecting the fame, without known several Instances of those Mailers who let out the Authority of Parliament, and the said Church their Boys employing them on Sundays, in preparing rr.uft, in all Events, be*repaired, or Divine Worship Soot for the Fanners — That a Chimney ought to be cannot be performed therein $ and that the Intention about ia Inches square, to enable a Boy to go up it of the Duke of Bedford, to contribute towards the with F.afe for 7 Years.

substantial Repairs of the said Church, was not com- That there is a Disorder common to those Boys, municated to the Petitioners, until after the Time li- called Sooty Warts, occasioned by Want of Cleanli-mited by the House for receiving Petitions for Pri- ness, which is generally fatal to them. — That One of vate Bills was elapsed: And therefore praying. That, his Men is now in an Hospital with the in Consideration of the Circumstances above stated, but that he thinks if the Boys were kept clean, they Leave may be given to exhibit a Petition for a Bill to

Leave given.

Garden

JChurch

tien.

repair the said Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Rector, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants, of the Parish of Saint Pauly Covent Garden.

Then a Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, was presented to the House, and read; containing the same Allegations as the last preceding Petition: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for repairing the said Church of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, the Lord Hood &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, find Records.

would not have the Disorder.

That Boys may be kept in Cleanline/s, if the Masters were to look properly after them — That he always has his Boys washed Once a Week; but he has known Instances where Boys have not been washed for Two Years; and he believes that is the same at present with many Boys. Then

Mr. David Porter (the Petitioner) being called, confirmed the foregoing Evidence, with respect to the Customs of the Trade, and the Treatment of the Boys„

And being examined, he said. That he thinks no Boy Should be taken Apprentice before he is Eight Years of Age, and that Four Boys, under 14 Years of Age, are as many as any Mailer could require — That it is a common Practice for Parents to carry about their Children to the Master Chimney Sweepers, and dispose of them to the bed Bidder, as they cannot put them Apprentice to any other Trade, at so early an Age.

That Boys are frequently Cent up Chimneys while they are on Fire j and when a Boy, at first learning, is backward in going up, it is often a Practice to light Straw, and by chat Means to force him up — That he thinks Boys ought to be washed at least Once a Week 1 but that he knows many Instances of Boys § who*

Accor

Trial of Mr. Hading*.

Keport of Southern Whale Fish-cry Bill deferred.

Accounts of Seizures of Wool and Woollen Yarn ordered.

28 Geo. III.

10 Mail

437

who have served Four or Five Years without being at all washed.

And, in order to shew the Inadequacy of the present Laws, the Witness added, Thar, about 12 Years ago, he applied to Sir John Fielding for Redress in the same of a Boy who had been ill-treated by a Person to whom he had been let out — That, upon Consideration, Sir John Fielding was of Opinion, that the Law did not authorize him to afford them Redress.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers, and their Apprentices: And that Mr. Robert Burton, Mr. Mainwaring, Mr. Drake, Junior, Sir Richard Hill, and Mr. Pye, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to minster Hall, and summon the Members there to at-

tend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly j and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Number of Seizures of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, for the same Period, in the same Ports, which have been made, but afterwards dif-specifying the particular Act of Parliament which each Seizure was made.

charged upon

Petition from the Pioprietorf of the Thames and Severn Canil against the Thames and Isis Navi*

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the f Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for im- gatiunBiil. proving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers ‘Thames and IJxs from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, irt the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade; and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, that such Bill, if passed into a Law, will materially affect their Interests: And therefore praying.

That they may be heard, at the Bar of the House, by

House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, themselves or their Counsel, against the said Bill paf-

and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westmins and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody:

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Ilall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

against

sing into a Law

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. The Lord* Walker: luvc H'"*

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Spann Smithy Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair Roidi*,1h the Road from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chester, to Talk, in the County of Stafford-,without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, naturalizing John Phillip Weber; to which the Lords

by their Counties, as usual;, and they went into Westminster Ilall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Order of the Day being read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further Provisions for that Purpose, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Wool and Woollen Yarn seized and condemned, at the Ports undermentioned, in the Years 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787; specifying the Nature of the Offence under which each Seizure was prosecuted, and the particular Act of Parliament for the Transgression of which it was condemned.

desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Ha F.squire, on TueJ-day next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall,

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Berwick, Carlisle, Chichester, Deal, Dover, Feversham, Folkstone, Harwich, Vol. XLIII.

Hajlings,

Hull,

Ipswich,

Liverpool,

London,

Margate,

Penzance>

Poole,

Portsmouth,

Ramjgate,

Rochester,

Rye,

Truro,

L'lvcrstone,

Whitby,

Woodbridge,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections: And that Mr. Bearcroft and Mr. Phelips do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for resuming the adjourned Debate, on the Motion made Yesterday, That the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Morrlings, Short-lings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Uie of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds stuffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of King the Eighth, in-

5 T tituled.

The Lord* have passed Weber’s Nat. Bill.

The Lords will pioceed on Tuesday on Mr. Halting*’* Trial.

County Elections Bill oidtred.

Drlr te on M< on for

co.. otting the v/ool Bill rc fumed.

ft*

iD — i* Mali. A\ 1788.

i\tu\t&, tl An k&Cor the Vmding of Wool," be com- feut M^efty King George the Tlurd, for pavings nutted, he now read. cleaning, lighting, watching, and regulating the

And the said Order being read accord\ng\y *, Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other pub-

The House resumed the adjourned Debate upon the lie Padages and Places, within the Parish of Christ-said Motion. in and for removing Nuisances and

And a Motion being made, and the Question being Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for put, That the Lid "Debate be further adjourned till the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts

this Day Three Months , The House divided. The Teas went forth.

Tellers for the Teas,

1

47-

tta.

oinwi

amvtttd.

Sir John ,1

\V[x. Harrison: \

Tellers for the Noes 5 ^r* teuers for the woes, Ro^.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevcnnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ttution of \V»e Aftni from Oucbtc.

A Petition of Adam Lymburner, Agent from the Province of Quebec, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner being deputed by the English and French Committees of the Cities of Quebec and Montre, in the Province of

of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill viz.

Pr. 35. 1. 8. After " fame" to insert " and all or " any Debt or Debts, or Sum or

4t Sums of Money> which now is or

"shall or may become due or ow-"ing to the said Commissioners, " under or by virtue of this or the " said former Act."

1. 9. To leave out <lor," and insert c< in the Name of" instead thereof; and at the End of the Line to add " Treasurer or Treasurers."

1. 11. To leave out " them," and insert " the said Commissioners" instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and Quebec, for the Purpose of bringing forward the Pe- the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly, tiens from that Province which are now lying on the , That the Bill do pass; And that the Title

Table of this House, and having been instructed by be, An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in his Constituents to set forth the oppressed State of the the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Ma-Trade of that Province from the Anti-commercial jesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing. Laws which are in Force there: Therefore praying, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, That he may be heard at the Bar of the House, in Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Support of the Allegations contained therein. Places, within the Parish of Christchurch, in

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions there-Table. from, and preventing the like for the future, and for

paving and regulating such Parts o Lane as are

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow not within the said Parish.

Morning, Ten of the Clock. Ordered, That Mr. Main-waring do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Veneris, 20 die Mati;

Anno 2$° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill for the better Regulation of the Loading of Ships with Coals in the Ports of Newcastle and Sunderland;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Three Months.

Second Reading of New-cafUeand Sunderland Coal Trade Bill put off for 3 Months.

Graflington

Inclosurc Bill passed.

Scotch Eleo tiens Bill passed.

church ’ Bill

Prayers. ✓

AN ingrossed BUI for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Pasture, Hot ton, and Lofgill Bank> in the Township of Grajfmgton, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Pasture, Bolton, and Lojgill Bank, in the Township of Grassington, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for further regulating the Elections of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for further regulating the Ele<5lions and Returns of Members to serve in Parliament for that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Ordered, That Sir James Johnstone do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His pre-

A Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, to Taunton lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the street Bill Church of Saint Mary Aiagdalen, within the Town of committc Taunton, in the County of Somerset; and to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for veiling the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Main-waring, Mr. Pbelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of tire Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Light Houses*

The Lord Advocate of Scotland reported from the Report re. Committee, who were appointed to consider how far {pc&tn£Scc>rcti the Provisions of an Act, made in the Twenry-fixrh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

€€ An A(51 for eretfting certain Light Idoufes in the €€ Northern Parts of Great Britain," have been carried into Execution, and to report the same to the JToufet That the Committee had considered the Matter to them referred j and had directed him to report the same to the House; and he read the Report in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered ir in at the Clerkrs Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Committee examined John Gray, Esquire,

Clerk

1

£7*

Thread Manufacture Bill passed.

White Allies Bill pa/Ted.

Shropshire

Navigation Bill committed.

Exeter Poot Bill passed.

28 Geo. III. 20 Maii. 459

Clerk to the Commissioners appointed by the said present Majesty,. for rendering more effectual several Act, who informed your Committee, that the said Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Work-Commissioners have proceeded in the Execution of houses within the said City and County, for the better

the Act, and have made a Progress in the Works di-rested to be done therein — That One Light House has been compleated at Ki and lighted

ever since the 1 ft of Decemblaft, which has fully answered the Expectations of Navigators [as appeared by sundry Documents adduced.]

That the Commissioners cannot compleat the other Light Houses directed to be erected by the said Act, unless they are enabled to raise a further Sum of Money upon the Credit of the Duties granted by the said Act i and, for fully answering the Purposes thereby intended, it will be necessary to increase the present Duties.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for erecting certain Light Houses in the *f Northern Parts of Great And that the Lord Advocate of Scotland and Sir James Johnstone do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for repealing an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carrying of White Allies out of the Realm," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carrying " of White Allies out of the Realm."

Ordered, That the Lord Advocate of Scotland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Canal at ,in the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence, by Two several Branches, to communicate with the River Severn, one near Coal-brook Dale, and the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to join such Canal, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hill, Sir Richard Hill,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His

employing and maintaining the Poor there.

Ordered, That Mr. Rolle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Petition for the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and fordand Chef-others, Inhabitants of the County of was re- te'Kmd* Bill,

ferred; That the Committee had examined, and found ^""alon'ac* that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th c«<j>ngiy. of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had not been complied with, it not being determined on to repair and widen the Piece of Road in the Petition mentioned at the Time the Notices were given for the Application for a Bill to amend the Act for repairing the Roads in the original Petition; and that the Length of the said Road is only Three Quarters of a Mile, and that it is not proposed to erect any Gate, or take any Toll, thereon j and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

James Calverley being examined, said. That the above* mentioned Piece of Road extends from Vicker's , in the Parish of Christleton, in the County of Chester, to the Turnpike Road leading from Flookerjbrook Bridge to Frodft/am — That the said Road is at present very much out of Repair, and that it would be of great Benefit to all Persons travelling the said Road if the same was included in and made Part of the Third District of Roads, comprized in the Bill now depending for amending the several Acts for repairing the Roads through Woor,in the County of Salop, to

Nantwich, in the County of Chester, and other Roads adjoining thereto.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth

and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the " Ro.id from the End of the County of Stafford, in the Poll; Road towards the City Chester, through " Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the " County of Chester, and from Nantwich to " and from thence, through Faruin,in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more " effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the " same Road; and also for repairing and widening " the Road from Northwich, in the said County of " Chester, to the Cross in Farvin aforesaid," as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill for making a certain Lane leading from a Place called Vicker’s Cross, in the Parish of Christleton, to the Turnpike Road leading from Flookerjbrook Bridge to the Market Town of Frodsham, all in the County of Chester, a Part of the said Third District of Road.

Mr. Crewe presented to the House, according to Chester Gicrt Order, a Bill for taking down and re-building the ’

Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offi* ces and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, a and

2° M

A. 1788.

*nd for making proper Yards and Convergence* thereto *. And the same was received , and read the First:

Time.

Resolved, That the B\\\ be read a Second Time.'

r ad- Ordered, That Sir John Eden be added to the Gen-Detd» ^emcn ^bo are appointed to prepare, and bring in, wu in a BUI for allowing further Time for InroUment of :avBii\. Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for "Relief of Protest.ant Purchasers.

fts Deeds Sir John Eden presented to the House, according rnemBUl* to Crder, a Bill for allowing further Time for Inroll-fented. ment of Deeds and "Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers: And the same was received , and read the First. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

ryntmovuVi Mr. Brandling presented to the House, according prtfenwd?lU to ^r<^er>a Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Trad of "Waft e Hand, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire , Billy or Billy Mill

Moor, within the Manor of , otherwise

mouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with , in

the County of Northumberland: And the same was received; and read the First: Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Newcastle Mr. Brandling reported from the Committee, to budgT?aiuon VJb°m the Petition of the several Persons whose Names ' reported. are thereunto subscribed, being Trustees appointed in and by an Act of Parliament, made and passed in the "Nineteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, f intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act,

passed in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for building a-Tcmporary Bridge over " the River Tyne, between the Town of " upon Tyne and Gat, in the County of Durham-, " for compleating the new Stone Bridge over the said " River, and for making the Avenues to, and the " Passage over, the same more commodious," was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said Act was read: And

Mr. Nathaniel Clayton being examined, said. That the Trustees have proceeded in the Execution of the said Act, and have, by the Money arising from the Tolls, and borrowed on the Credit thereof, made such Avenues, and done such other Works, within the Limits prescribed by the Ad, as were judged necessary for the Safety and Accommodation of the Public, and it is probable that all the Money so borrowed will cease before the Period when, by the said recited, Ad, it was directed that the said Tolls Should cease; but that the South Avenue to the said new Stone Bridge beyond the Premises, late at

the South Abutment of the said Bridge, is still inconvenient, and dangerous to Passengers, by Reason of the great Declivity of the Hill there, called Battle Bank, over which the Road to the Bridge lies, though the same is capable of being rendered safe and commodious, but that the Expence of doing the same will be so great, that the Remainder of the Term to come of che Toils will not enable the Trustees to pay off" the Debt they mull incur by improving the said Avenue, and that they are rellrained from making any Improvements beyond the said Premisses late Olipbant's.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of

o o

the Twelfth and "Nineteenth Years of His present Ma"]e(ly’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge over . the River Tyne, between the Town of Newha/lle upon

Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of , and

making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets,

Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge within the Town of Gatej, in the County of Durham: And that Mr. BraSir Matthew White Ridley, and Mr. Lambton, do prepare, and bring

in, the fame.

Mr. Brandling reported from the Committee, to Tyne Skip, whom the Petition of Richard John,

William Brown, and others, whose Names, or Marks, ar,e thereunto subscribed, being Skippers and Keel-men, employed on the River Ton Behalf of them- selves and all the other Skippers and Keelmen employed on the said River, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr.

Nathaniel Clayton being examined, said, That the Skippers and Keelmen employed on the River Tyne are very numerous, and from the Nature of their Employment are obliged to reftde mostly in the same Parish, so that when they, or their Families, become Objects of Parochial Relief, the Parish in which they are settled is either grievously burthened, or a Fund is raised inadequate to their Support; the Petitioners, to avo;d these Evils, are induced, by a Contribution among rhemselves, and a small regular Deduction from their Wages, to raise a Fund for the Relief and Support of themselves and Families, when they become necefiitous, but that they are unable to carry their good Intentions into Execution without the Aid of Parliament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishirg a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River Tyne, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen: And that Mr. Brandling, Sir Matthew White Ridley, and Mr. Grey, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Bearcroft presented to the House, according to County Elec-Order, a Bill for the better securing the Rights of non* Bill Persons qualified to vote at County Elections: And *

the same was received; and read the First Time. *

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Weber’s N.t. for naturalizing John Phillip Weber, was read the First BUI read.

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Bolton School whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, Gentleman, deceased, and for enlarging the Trulls and Pow-3 ers

Com Regulation Bill presented.

Pawnbrokers

Bill committed.

Southwark Paring Bill tomnmtsd.

Account oP Bxpencet of the Civil Go*

▼trament of ieated*

28 Geo. III. 20 Maiu 441

ers of the said Governors for the Benefit of the said School, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Spencer Stanhope presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further " regulating and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places therein mentioned And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

A Bill to amend and make perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleahfing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also, the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Di-vifton in the said Act described, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Alderman Newnham, Sir Joseph Mawbey, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The House being informed that Mr. Mitford, from the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Expences of the Civil Government of the Province of Quebec, and the Sum raised by Taxes within the said Province applicable to the Discharge thereof, for the last Three Years fot which the same can be made up.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House refoi.es House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next. to

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, E*j>iringLaw» upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the 1 ‘ Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs Or Excise; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permjtting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in 'The West Indies; to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by ddlarke'% Hydrometer, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, by His Majesty’s Account of Command, ®xP!nc" *"

An Account of sundry Expences incurred in Confe- 0f0^.UH»" quence of the Prosecution against Warren Hastings, tinp'iProfe-

t fLr.JA , £2 Pr" And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followed!; .

An ACCOUNT of sundry Expences incurrred in consequence of the Prosecution against Warren - Hastings, Esquire.

For erecting the Court in Westminster Hall For furnishing and apparelling the said Court

£- d-J.044 »« 7 7»4 3 6}

Whitehall, Treasury Chambers, 2d May 1788.

£-3*7 S* *5 'I

You XUII.

S-V

Ordered,

44*

Mail.

A. 1788.

Committee of Supply.

Account*! Sec. referred.

Disposition of Grants.

LoyalifU.

D° of Bast

Florid*

Claims.

Ordered, tW the said Account do lie upon the Directions of the said Commissioners, in a Proportion Table, to be perused by the Members of the House* not exceeding £. 40 per Cent, to such of the said Per-

fons as bore Arms or rendered Services in *

The Order of the Bay being read, for the House to and in a Proportion not exceeding 30 per Cent, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to such others of the said Persons as were resident in consider further of the Supply granted to His Ma- America during the late Warj be referred to the said jesty; Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, {hewing how the Mo- Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to ToMr.Cot-ncy given for the Service of the Year 1787 has been Thomas , Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil *°n‘ disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, Lift Revenues, to discharge Fees due to the late At-until the 23d Day of April 1788, and the Parts re- torney General, Secretary, and Surveyor of Lands, and maining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, for Expences of surveying and laying out Lands in be referred to the said Committee. the Province of Nova; also for Surveys of

Moncj Htutd Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which Lands at Cape Breton i for Fees to Deputy Surveyors to Secretary of have been issued to the Secretary of the Commit- of Lands in the Bahama Islands j likewise the Differ-honers appointed to enquire into the Losses of the ence between Sterling and Currency on Two Bills,

American Loyalists, and which have not been made drawn by Governor for Expences in survey-

good by Parliament, be referred to the said Com- ing Lands in the Island of John, and the Fees and mittee. Charges attending the Receipt thereof, be referred to

Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which the said Committee, have been issued to the Secretary of the Commis- Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to tf» sioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Thomas Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exche-

Persons who have suffered in their Properties in con- quer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to sequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida discharge Bills dfawn on the Commissioners of His to the King of Spain, be referred to the said Com- Majesty’s Treasury by Andrew Phillip, Esquire, Go-mittee. vernor, and Andrew Miller, Commissary, of the intend-

ToMr.Bnd. Ordered, That the Account of the Monies which ed Settlement in New South Wales, be. referred to the «aming>I&e.n" kave been issued to Henry Bradley, Esquire, for the Ex- said Commitree.

Coimfi. pence of maintaining and guarding Convitts confined Ordered, That the Estimate of the Sums wanted for eikuhw-c/ Plymouth. on board the Dunkirk Hulk, in the Harbour of Ha- the Service of the Year 1788, at Place, to-moze at Plymouth, and which have not been made wards Payment of Arrears due to different Tradesmen good by Parliament, be referred to the said Com- for Works done, and towards carrying on Works be-mittec. gun, or intended, during the Remainder of the Year,.

ToMr.Cimji* Ordered, That the Account of the Monies paid to be referred to the said Committee.

theThjunM°V Duncan Campbell, Esquire, for the Expence of confin- A Motion being made, That the Account of the Account»f

ing, maintaining, and employing Convitts on the Monies which have been issued to Mr. James Mouatt, Money River Thames, and which have not been made good Chief Clerk in the Office of the Commissioners ap- Mou«u by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee. pointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perqui-Ordertd, That the Account of the Monies whichf iites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Of-have been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners fices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Ac- Expences in their Office, which have not been made counts of the Kingdom, and which have not been good by Parliament, be referred to the said Corn-made good by Parliament, be referred to the said mitteet-

Committee. Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s

OrderedThat the Account of the Monies which Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty have been issued to the Secretary of the Commis- recommends to the Consideration of the House, the sioners, and also to the Commissioners appointed to making such Provision for re-paying the said Monies enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, as the House shall think proper.

Forests, and Land Revenues, belonging to the Crown, Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the and which have not been made good by Parliament, said Committee.

be referred to the said Committee. Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had dr-

To Secretary of Commtffioneitof Pub. lie Accounts.

To Commissioners of Crown Lands.

To Mr. Cotton.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil

Lift Revenues, to reimburse the Sum of £.2,000, paid by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commis- retted him to report, when the House will picafir to Cion, and also the Fees attending the Receipt thereof receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to

Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have suffered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty's Government, be referred to the said Committee.

p.. Ordered, That the Account of Money issued to

Thomas Cotto Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to be applied as a Payment forpresent Relief, andf upon Account, to such Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, as have given

Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to lit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply, granted, to His Majesty.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Ac- Account* of count of the Total Net Produce, paid quer, of the Duties of Excise between the of Ja-

__________ _ . ,________ o nuary 1787 and the 5th of January 17881 and also, of toms, to he

satisfactory Proofs of their Losses to the Commis- the Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exche- .

Goners appointed by an Act, made in the Twenty- quer between the 5th of January 1787 and the jth of third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, according to the January 17 88, on Account of the Scamp Duties; and

i also,

Account of Increase of Navy Debt older cd*

Ways and Means defer* red*

Southern

WhaleFi&ery Bill reported*

Petitions against East Mouldfey Sewers Bill#

28 Geo. III. 2° — 5

also, of the Account of the Net Produce of the Duties under the Head of Incidents, in the Four Quarters next preceding the 5th Day of January 1788; and also, of the Account of the Net Produce of the Duties of Customs, Excise, Scamps, and Incidents, between the 5th of Apri 178 and the 5th of April 1787, and between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 17881 and also, of the Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, in the Four Quarters preceding the 5th Day of January 1788; and also, of the Account of the Total Sums paid into the Exchequer between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788, on Account of the Duties on Stamps j and also, of the Account of the Total Net Produce, paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties of Excise, between the 5th of April 1^87 and che 5th of April 1788; and also, of the Account of the Total Produce of the Duties of Customs, between the 5th of April 1787 and the 5th of April 1788; which were severally presented to the House, upon the 23d, 2<th, 28th, 29th, and 30th Days of last, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account, shewing how the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, between the 31st of December 1786 and the 31st of December 1787, has arisen j distinguishing the several Heads of Expence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty j

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn* ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further Provisions for that Purpose, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table.

And the House being informed that no Counsel attended;

The said Report was read.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them weredifagrecd to, and the rest were agreed to by the House j and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill;

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 5® die Anno 28* Georgii IIIUI Regis, 1788. Prayers.

A PETITION of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf , of themselves and others. Owners of Estates within, and Inhabitants of, the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the County of Surrey, jras presented to the House, and

M$iL 443

read; Taking Notice of the Bill for explaining, and rendering more effectual, the Powers given to thd Commissioners of Sewers for the Limits extending, from East Mouldfey, in the County of Surrey, to bourne, in the County of Kent -, and Setting ibrth, That the said Bill contains divers Powers and Regulations, which, if carried into Execution, would be highly injurious and prejudicial to the Petitioners, and all other Owners of Estates and Inhabitants within the said Pa-rifli: And therefore praying; That they may be heard; by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as may affect them, and that the same ma/ not pass as it now (lands.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the -Confederation of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fir.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That air have Voices, who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Another Petition of the several Persons, Whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners of Estates within, and Inhabitants of, the Parish of Saint Mary, Newington, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; also taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That the Petitioners apprehend the said Bill to be totally unnecessary, the Powers already vested in the Commissioners being fully sufficient, and that the said Bill, if passed into a Law, would be very injurious to the Petitioners and all other Owners of Estates within, and Inhabitants of, the said Parish i And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That Counsel be admitted to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Sir Robert Lawley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Ro>d, Bm Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign *"* ‘ of his late Majesty King Geotgethe Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, ber ingrafted.

A Petition of the Provincial Synod of Merle and froth Teviotdale, met at Kelso on the 22d Day of April 1788, was presented to the House, and read; Representing Merfcand%. tha present State of the African Slave Trade, as bying ioconfilient with the Spirit of Chrillianity, and the sUnTfL*.

Dictates

Mali.

A: 1788.

Dittates of Humanity; and submitcing the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Dei by Bridge Lord George Augufius reported from Bill reported. the Committee, to whom the Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sutton Inelo- Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to fu"®ll,re* whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Com-° ' mon Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in

the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the President and Governors of the Hospital, founded at the foie Costs and Charges of Thomas Guy, Esquire, under their Common Seal, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of 135 Commonable Messuages and Toftsteads, having Right of Common on the said Marsh, Fen, and Waste Grounds, who refused to lign the Bill; and that the whole Number of such Commonable Messuages and Toftsteads is 509); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they bad directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Newcafilcup- Mr. Brandling presented to the House, according to cn Tyne Order, a Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of prefeuMd!*1 TwoACts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge, over the River Tyne between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

TyntSkipptrt Mr. Brandling presented to the House, according to Bill pcttisicd. Order, a Bill for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River Tyne, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

' Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Red House, near Doncaster, to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to Weeland, in the Township of Henfall, and from Pon to Wentbridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferry bridge,.to the South Side of TadcaflerCrofs, in the County of York, was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of Yafforth, Thr unto ft, Little Langton, and Danby upon

Wifk, some or One of them in the North Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or Common within the several Townships of Thruntoft, Little Langton, and Danby upon Wifk, some or One of them in the North Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House being informed that Mr. Hughfon, from the Exchequer, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

An Account of the Public Debts, as they stood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th of January 1788; with the Annual Interest, and other Charges, payable thereon.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

S.

To

Doncaster and Wakefield Roads Bill reported.

Doncaftetind Tadcaster Road Bill reported.

Yafforth In* dosure Bill passed.

Account of Public Debts presented.

W ft »*

o

g

cq'

r — 4-

N'

CD

CL

cr

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

An ACCOUNT of the Public Debts, as they (lood at the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer on the 5th of January 17881 with the Annual Interest, and other Charges,

payable thereon.

O

o

0§

fT

s.

17

d.

7

8 al]

being

X

EXCHEQUER.

Annuities for long Terms, being the Remainder of the original Sum con- £.

tributed and unfubferibed to the South Sea Company — — 1,836,275

D° — for Two and Three Lives, being the Remainder after what is

fallen in by Deaths — — — — 67,155

Exchequer Bills, made out for Interest of old Bills — — —

Annuities for Lives, with the Benefit of Survivorship, granted by an Act 5* tij. R’,

the original Sum contributed ' - —

Note. The Land Taxes, and Duties on Malt, &V. being Annual Grants, are not charged in this Account; nor the Amount of the Exchequer Bills, £. 1,500,000; nor the £.1,420,800, Part of £.1,500,000; nor the £.2,041,244. 5 1 Part of the

£.2,500,000, raised by Three several Acts of Parliament of the last Session, and charged on the Supplies of the present Year.

EAST INDIA COMPANY.

By Two Acts of Parliament 90 Will 3"*, and Two other Acts 6° et 9 Rna. at £. 3 per Cent. Annuities at £. 3 per Cent, per Annum, A° 1744 — — . — —

BANK OF ENGLAND.

Purchased of the South Sea Company —

On their original l und, at £. 3 per Cent, per Ann. from ift August 1743 -for cancelling Exchequer Bills, by Acts V Gij.imi —

Annuities at £ 3 per Cent, per Ann. A° - — —

*» 3 per Cent, per Ann. A0 1719 — — —

£ 3 per Cent. per Ann. A0 1746 ——

3 per Cent, per Ann. consolidated by Acts 250, 28°, 29% 31%

et 330 Gij. 2di R'y and several subsequent Acts — 101,401,696 per Cent, per Ann. granted and consolidated with the A Capital, being Part of £. 6,000,000, granted by an j 24° Gij. 3d1 Rs; but by a Subscriber not having com-0^^ Payment of £. 1,160, being his Proportion the Principal Sum of £. 2,000, the same is reduced to

I> —

D° —

D° _

3.200.000 ——

500,000 ——

1.250.000 — . —

1^750,000 —

986,800 — - —

1

D

D

D‘

5,998,000 — —

J o r«r ^nt. per Ann. consolidated by Acts 25° Gy. 2"‘ K!, 5* et 21° 3"*

4 per Cent, per Ann. granted by Acts 17% 20°, 210, 220, 230, et 24° Gij. 3’" R‘

5 per Cent, per Ann. granted by Acts 240 et 250 Gij. 3"1 —

Principal Debt.

- £. j. d.

i,9°3>431 6 iij

2,200 — — 18,000 — —

3,200,000 — 1,000,000 —

4,000,000 — 7,686,800 —

Annual Interest.

£. . S. d.

*39»399 4 8

54o ——

Management and other Charges payable for the lame.

96.000

30.000

1 20,000

230,604

,285 14 4 401 15 8

107>399»696 5 li 3,221,990 17 9

37,340,073 l6 4 I 1,120,202 4 3

3?>750,0°° — — [ i»3IO>co° ——

17,869,993 9 10 I 893,499 13 Si

Total.

00

o

w

o

£. s. d. j £. s. d.

5,250 — — 144,649 4 g

540 — —

97»a8S 14 4-

30,401 15 &

Crr

1.89s 3 5 i2t,a58 3 s

4,000 23t4i^04 ~ —

3.269,902 S —

4-

LT36,853< 4*

2. 11 tn

*.324,7 37 10. —

90 2.54* 3 4*

g

eg;

r+

n'

CD

Q.

cr

On their Capital Stock and Annuities 90 Gij. Annuities at 3 per Cent, per Ann. A9 1751

mi

R‘ —

Memorandum, by an Act i8° Geo.

19° Geo. 2i

190 Geo. 3

in

Annuities on Lives were granted to the Amount of £.21,500, which were reduced on the 5th of January 1787, from which Time the Commissioners appointed for the Reduction of the National Debt are entitled to the Annuities fallen in by lapsed Lives — - —

Annuities on Lives were granted to the Amount of £.45,000, which were reduced on D" — —

30° Geo. 2dl, Annuities on Lives were granted to the Amount of £. 33,750, which were reduced on D® — —

18° Geo. 3’", Annuities on Lives were granted to the Amount of ,£.2,849. 13J. which were reduced on D® — —

Annuities on Lives were granted to the Amount of ,£.5,318. i8r. yd. which were reduced on D® — Annuities were granted for the Term of 99 Years, payable at the Bankof£»^-land, to the Amount of 2® Geo. 3'", Annuities were granted for the Term of 98 Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of Annuities were granted for the Term of 80 Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of Annuities were granted for the Term of 78 Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of

i° Geo.

3 >

20® Geo.

22° Geo.

-hi

-ut

— 128,250 — — ‘

120,000 — - —

— 217,500 ——

23° Geo. 3

tit

Annuities were granted for the Term

— 118,125 — —

of 77 Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of 24° Geo. 3tU, Annuities were granted for the Term of 7 5 i Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of

— 80,000 — —

18° Geo. 3

tii

Annuities were granted for the Term

— 16,500 ——

190 Geo. 3

til

Geo.

-tii

J >

of 30 Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of Annuities were granted for the Term of 29 Years, payable at the Bank of England, to the Amount of Annuities were granted for the Term of 10 Years, amounting to the Sum of £. 25,000 per Ann. which ceased upon the 5th April 1787, and is to be placed to the Account of the Commissioners appointed for paying off the National Debt — —

— I47.I50 7 —

— 257,181 I 5

Annuities at £. 3 per Cent. per Ann. granted by an Act 120 Gij* iml R*

Exchequer, the 5th Day of Alay 178$.

24,065,084 13 "1

1.919,600 —

1,000,000 — —

240,154,879 n 4i

721,952 10 9

57.588 -

12,318 5 —

22,466 10 — 24,567 5 —

2,769 13 — 5.174 18 7

680,375 ——

404,331 8 5

25.000 — , —

30.000 — — '

14,022 3 a

!.Q29 14 3

7.654 4 44-

9,148,779 10 10

4,548 14 6

450 ——

735.974 13 11

58,617 14 4*

OS

67,296 11 7

688,029 4 4v

Ol

O

g’

Si:

408,880 2 ii4-

25,000 — 30,450 — .

Vj

— 00

_ 00

127,881 15 7 9,276,661 6 5

Account of Increase of Navy Debt presented.

28 Geo. III. 50 Mali.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Mr. Stow, from the Navy Office, attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuanc to their Order,

447

An Account, shewing the Increase of the Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1787, with the Reasons for the said Increase.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy

-.,4 rAn ACCOUNT shewing the Increase of the Debt of His Majesty’s Navy, on the

7; 1Cqo,) 31st December 1787, with the Reasons for the said Increase: Prepared pursuant to the Prc-511 ay 17 . £ cept Honourable House of Commons, dated ad May 1788.

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1787 — — — £.

Debt of the Navy on the 31st December 1786, as presented to Parliament — -

Shews the Debt of the Navy, on the 31st December 1787, to be increased —

To which mud be added for so much issued from the Exchequer (to repay a Sum paid by the Victualling Board on the Convict Service) that was not included in the Navy

Which will then make the Increase to be — —

~ £.

1,892,650 1

1,608,208 6 —

284,441 15 6f

3.281 5 10

287.7^3 1 4r

REASONS for the said INCREASE.

On Account of the Navy.

The following extra Charges, incurred in the Year 1787, may be assigned as Reasons for the said increased Debt of the Navy.

Interest incurred on Navy Bills — —

Charge of Transports between the ift January and 31st December 1787 — — —

Charge of fending the Convicts to Botany Bay — Charge of fending the Black Poor to Sierra Leona — Price of The Roje Revenue Cutter, and The Bethia (now The Bounty) Armed Vessel, purchased by the Navy Board ——

On Account of the Victualling.

Expence of Victualling Land Forces — —

Expence of Victualling the Black Poor — ~

Extra Freights and Demurrage ' — —

Additional Allowance of Vinegar — —

Interest paid and incurred on Victualling Bills — Victualling Men, not included in the Musters — New Buildings — —

Value of the Provisions and Stores remaining in Store the 31st December 1787, more than on the 31st December 1786 ——

Amount of Bills made out to Pursers on the Balance of their Victualling Accounts, which terminated in former Years, and not included in any former Debt, in regard it could not be known, until their Accounts were made up, whether they were Debtors or Creditors — — —

Amount of Bills made out for Provisions delivered on or before 31 December 1786, received, and numbered since, but were not included in the Debt for that Time, the Accounts not coming to Hand till the Year 1787; — — —

Amount of Provisions, &ca. on the Way from Dover, Stores from Port/0, 31st December 1787 — —

Amount of a Bill made out to the Secretary of the Phoenix Fire Office, for insuring the public Buildings appropriated to the Service of the Office at Sonwfet Place, for the Space of Seven Years, commencing 29 September 1787 — —

Amount of Repairs done to the Watering Place near Rock River, Jamaica — — —

The great Increase in the Price of Provisions, Cnee the Establishment was made of 19.1. Man Month

for Victualling the Navy, together with the Wade and Decay of Provisions in Store, may be presumed to be Reasons for the remaining Sum of — —

To be accounted for by the

Navy. Victualling.

£ s- d. £.64,684 9 hi 223,038 11 5

17.294 9 2

35*958 —

3*574 13 5

9.136 16 8

3.075 *0 6 .

97.039 *5 9

24,43a 10 St

647 14 3i

*>545 9 9

2,925 — —

6>»33 *5 3

1 17 6

24,008 12 9

97,670 1 6{

22,273 3 8

10,785 15 3

764 3 101

114 19 6

596 16 9

31,138 10 IOi 223,038 n 5

Cha’ Middleton, J. llevjlotu.Geo. Marsh, W. Palmer. E, Le Gras, Sam' Wallis

Mr.

28 Geo. III.

t

Mali.

449

fexpiiingLaws Mr. Gilbert, according lo Order, reported from the

Bill repoutd. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty's Plantations in America \ to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, t,o His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America; to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British: Sugar Colonies or Tlantations in the West Indies i to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the fe-ducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum flipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits ' by Clarke % Hydrometer, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sadlers wells The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for the licensing of the Performance of certain public Entertainments therein mentioned, to be exhibited at the Place called Sadlers lVellsy in the Parish of Saint James y Clerkenwell, in the County of Middlesex, in such Manner as is therein exprefifed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon this Day Fortnight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines, or Engines, annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons dellroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in toe Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory;

Ordered, That it be an Initruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for extending the Provisions of the said Bill to Persons breaking or dellroying any Machinery contained in any Mill employed in preparing or lpinning of Wool or Cotton, for the Use of the S:ocking Frames.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progrels in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit a^ain.

RcJ'ohcd, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve iifelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Vol. XLIII.

Lieenle Biii deferred.

Committee on Hill for Protection of Stocking frames.

Mr. Gilbert) according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, ro whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the* House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and arc as followeth; viz.

liejolved) That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a S urn, not exceeding Sixry-thrce thousand Six hundred and Seventy-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two Pence Three Farthings, be granted so His Majesty, to make good the Deficiency of the Grants for the Service of the Year 1787.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred and Ten Pounds and Twelve Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lodes of the American Loyalists.

Resolved., That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding One thousand Pounds, be granted ro His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lodes of all Persons who have fuftered in their Properties* in consequence of the Ccffion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand One hundred and Eleven Pounds and Six Pence, be granted to H is Majesty, to make good the like oum issued to iThomas Cotton) Esquire, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, and paid by him, by Order of the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, to 'Thomas Dundas and Jeremy Pemberton, Esquires, Commissioners for American Claims, for their Expences in the Execution of their Commission, and also the Fees attending the Receipt thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Sixty thousand Four hundred and Ninety-one Pounds and Four Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum idued to Thomas Cotton) Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, for defraying the Expence of Allowances for the Relief and Benefit of American Civil Officers, and others, who have fullered on Account of their Attachment to His Majesty’s Government.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Fourteen thousand Two hundred and Thirty-four Pounds and Eight Shillings, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, as a Payment for present Relief, and upon Account, to such Persons who have differed in their Rights and Properties, as have 1 given satisfactory Proofs of their Lodes to the Commissioners appointed by an Act made in the Twenty third Year of His Majesty’s Reign, according to the Directions of the said Commissioners, in a Proportion not exceeding £. \o per Centum to such of the said Persons as bore Arms, or rendered Services in America, and in a Proportion not exceeding £. 30 per Centum to such others of the said Persons as were resident in America during the late War.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Nine hundred and Eighty-two Pounds Twelve Shillings and One Penny, be granted ro His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas Cotton, Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Fees due to the late Attorney General, Secretary, and Surveyor of Lands,

5 Y and

RepcrtS L'ppfy.

J>fic'cncy of la ft Year’s Grants.

To make pooJ Money i{filed to Secretary of Commissioncis of American Loyalists.

D°of East Florida Claims*

To Mr. Cotton.

D\

fro Mr. Cotton.

Srnnerfet

House.

To Mr. Mou-att.

To Mr. Bradley, for Convicts at Plymouth.

To Secretary of Commil'* Honers of Public Accounts.

To Commissioners of Crown Lands.

To Mr. Campbell, for Convicts on the Thames,

Committee of Ways and Means.

Accounts referred. Extraordina-t ies of the Army,

and for Expences of surveying and laying out Lands in the Province of Nova Scotia j also for Surveys of Lands at Cape Breton; for Fees to Deputy Surveyors of Lands in the BahamaIflands; likewise the Difference between Sterling and Currency on Two Bills, drawn by Governor Pater/on, for Expences of surveying Lands in the Island of John, and the Fees and Charges attending the Receipt thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Six hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Seven Shillings and Three Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum issued to Thomas C Esquire, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, out of His Majesty’s Civil List Revenues, to discharge Bills drawn on the Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, by Andrew lip, Esquire, Governor, and Andrew Commissary, of the intended Settlement in New South Wales.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Twenty-five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, upon Account* towards carrying on the Buildings at for the Year 1788; and that the said Sum be issued and paid without any Deduction whatsoever.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Eight hundred and Thirteen Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Mr. James , Chief

Clerk in the- Office of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Fees, Gratuities, Perquisites, and Emoluments, received in several Public Offices, on Account of Salaries to Clerks, and contingent'Expences in their Office.

Rejoived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Four thousand Five hundred and Thirty-three Pounds Six Shillings and Six Pence, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Henry , Ef-

quire, for the Expence of maintaining and guarding Convicts confined on Board the Dunkirk Hulk, in the Harbour of Hamoze at Plymouth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Six hundred Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners appointed to examine, take, and state, the Public Accounts of the Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Five thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to the Secretary of the Commissioners, and also to the Commissioners, appointed to enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues belonging to the Crown.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirty thousand and Eighty-three Pounds Ten Shillings and Two Pence Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued to Duncan,

Esquire, for the Expence of confining, maintaining, and employing Convicts on the River Thames.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the Floule.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of Extraordinary Expences of the Army, incurred and paid by the Right honourable the Paymaster General of His Majesty’s Forces, from the 25th of December 1786 to the 24th

of December 1787, both inclusive, and not provided for by Parliament, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing how the Money given for the Service of the Year 1787 has been disposed of, distinguished under the several Heads, until the 23d Day of April 1788, and the Parts remaining unsatisfied, with the Deficiency thereupon, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th of January 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account of the Income of, and Charge on, the Consolidated Fund, in the Quarter ending on the 5th Day of April 1788, be referred to the faicj Committee.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, which have been presented to this House, in this Session of Parliament, of the Produce of the Duties of Customs, Ex-cife. Stamps, and Incidents, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Account, shewing the Increase of the Debt of the Navy, on the 31st December 1787, with the Reasons for the said Increase, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker fefumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received To-morrftw Morning.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning 'next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, aft Account of the Expence of Victualling His Majesty’s Ships in 'The East Indies since the 5th of July 1782; distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of a Resolution of the Court of Directors of the East India Company, held on Friday last, respecting the Payment of /. 500,000, on Account of the Claim made by Government of a Debt due to them from the said Company, in respect of His Majesty’s Troops serving in India, and on Account of Victualling His Majesty’s Fleets in India.

An ingrossed Bill for amending an Act made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fiffiery, and for making further Provisions for that Purpose, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for making further Provisions for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the 9 whole

Disposition of Grants.

Income and Charge on Consoli dated Fund,

D°.

Produce of Customs, Ex-cife, Stamps, and Incidents.'

Increase of Navy DtWw

Account o( Expence ofj Victualling Ships in the East Indies, ordered.

Resolution of East India Directors respecting Payment of £.500,000 for King’s Troops, &c. m India, ordered.

Southern Whale Fishery Bill passed.

Supply deferred.

6° Matt.

feirmingham Road Bill patted.

't'rial of Mr. Haltings.

"Derby ftildgc

Bill passed.

.28 Geo. III.

whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Martis, 6° Maii;

Anno 28° Georgii III1*1 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the E ighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, pasted in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road From Birminin the County of Warwick^ through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

Ordered, That Sir Robert do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to minster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the Eloufe immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westmin and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was ho Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itl'elf into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

An ingrossed Bill for re-building the Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

45i

be. An Act for re-building the Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto.

Ordered, That Lord George Henry CavendiJJj

do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, to whqm the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Township of Fcatberjlcnc, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Owners and Proprietors of Messuages, Cottages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Manors and Townships of Snydall and Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Agent for the several Proprietors consented, on their Behalf, that a Commissioner should be added to those already named in the Bill; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill* and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Fadcaster Cross, in the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powcts of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Fadcaster Cross, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Red House, near Doncaster, to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from IVake-field to Pontefiraft, and from thence to Weeland, in the Township of Henjall, and from Pontejratl to IVent-bridge, in the West Riding of the County of 2'ork, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 5. 1. 32. At the End of the Line to insert " or Two."

1. 36. To leave out from " Winter " to the End of Line 39.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Pojwers of

' 1 certain

Featherflone inclosure hill reported.

Doneafter and Tadcaster Road Bill paised.

Doncaster and Wakefield Roruis hill passed.

6° MI

A. 1788.

Trmplcr's Estate Bill rcpm ted and passed.

The Lords have agreed to

Bagby Inclosure Bill.

Leith Harbour Bill.

Cambridge Paving Bid.

The Lords have passed Nantes's Nit. Bill.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr Haitings's Trial.

Scotch Light-houses B;tl presented.

certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to- the Roads from the Red Housey near Doncajiery to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefratty and from thence to lVeelandy in the Township of Henfally and from Pontefrat7 to Wentbridge, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir William Lemon reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Yttupler, Esquire, in the County of Dcvoty in him and his Heirs, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value in the same County, to be settled in Lieu thereof, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Conient to the Bill, to the Satisfaction /of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Rcfohcdy That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William Lemon do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and M r. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Township of Baghy, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of Edinburgh, to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for theft* Purposes; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge; for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages within the said Town; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Daniel Nantes; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hafiingsy Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hail.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lord Advocate of Scotland presented to the House, according to Order, a Rill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for <c erecting certain Light-houiVs in the Northern Parts <c of Great Britain And the same was received; and read the Eirft Time.

That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774* relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had di-rested him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, a Member present informed your Committee, That the High Road leading from Dumfries by the new Bridges over the Waters of and Kinnell to Moffat, has lately been, in most Places, put into good Repair, by Money advanced out of the public Funds of the County, and by sundry Heritors, through whose Lands the same runs; but that several Parts thereof require yet to be more thoroughly repaired, and that sundry Bridges require to be erected thereon. — And the Member further said, That there are no proper Funds sufficiently to repair, widen, and keep in Repair, the said District of Road in Time coming.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a- Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by /E Bridge to Mcffaty in the County of Dumfries: And that Sir Robert Laurie and Sir James Johnstone do

prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for allowing Timber to be cm upon certain Estates settled by the Will anis* a Codicil of William Gcffip, Esquire, and for applying the Money to arile therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Gossip’s Efatt Bill reported, and pall'ed.

Account of Expence of Vi.*1lulling

The House being informed that Mr. Slow, from the Victualling Office, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, Ships in die pursuant to their Order, presented."’

An Account of the Expence of Victualling His Majesty’s Ships in The East Indi since the 5th of

July 1782; distinguishing each-Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Account is preferred amongst the other Papers of this SelEon.

The House being informed that Mr. , from Resolution «f

the Directors of the East India Company, attended at

‘ Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- i ng Payment of £. toc,oooo, f r the Kirg’s

the

fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Copy of a Resolution of the Court of Directors of Troops,6<c.in

Rfjoived, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

DunifvietRoad Petition reported t

the East India Company, held on Friday the 2d May 1788, respecting the Payment of £. 500,000, on Account of the Claim made by Government of a Debt Sir Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, to due to them from the said Company, in respect of His whom the Petition of several Gentlemen and Land- Majesty’s Troops serving in India, and on Account of holders if the County of Dumfries, was referred; Victualling His Majesty’s Fleets in India.

4 ' And

India, pjt-Tented,

28 Geo. III. 6° Mail.

And then he withdrew; Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art

And the Title of the said Paper was read. Account of the Annual Revenues of, the India

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, Company, at the Presidency of , and the Set-

to be perused by the Members of the House. dements subordinate thereco, „ under the Heads of

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms or Licences* Papers of this Session. for Three Years, according to the latest Advices, to-

gether with the latest Estimate of the fame.

Coin Reguta- A Bill to explain and amend an Act* made in the That there be laid before this House, an

tien Bill com- Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East putted. jesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating and India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the " ascertaining the Importation and Exportation of Settlements subordinate thereto distinguishing the " Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine*

" therein mentioned," was read a Second Time. Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Spen- of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three cer Stanhope, Mr Strutt, See.: And they are to meet Years, according to the latest Advices j together with this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s the latest Estimate of the fame.

Chamber} and all who come to the Committee are to Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an have Voices. Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade Account* of Ordered, That there be laid before this House* an and Commerce in Bengal, at , and at,

*u*°andR*Te* Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India so far as the same can be distinguished from the Civil Chargei.&c.of Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and or other Charges of those Presidencies, respectively j the East India Orijfa, and from Benares and Ou.de, under the Heads and also the Expences of the Presidency of Fort dmdP.*ny> or* of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Marlborough, and its Dependencies, of the Island of Benares Revenue, OudeSubfidy, Land Revenues, Cuf- Saint Helena, and of the Factory at Canton, for Three toms, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Years, according to the latest Advices* together with Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest the latest Estimates of the fame.

Advices together with the latest Estimate of the Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an fame. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East the 30th Day of April 1787 to the ift Day of May India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, 1788, according to the latest Advices, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude-, distinguishing Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the fame under the respective Heads of Civil, Mili- Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources tary, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and For- and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from tifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, the 30th Day of 1787 to the ift Day of May

and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt 1788, according to the latest Advices, and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Advices* together with the latest Estimate of the Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources fame. and Disbursements of the Government, from

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a the 30th Day of April 1787 to the ift Day of May Companion of the Estimated and Actual Amount of 1788, according to the latest Advices, the Revenues of the East India Company in the Pro- Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a vinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Re-and Oude, under the Pleads of Mint or Coinage Du- sources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort ties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Fort Saint George, and Bombay, between the

Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts 30th Day of April 1787 and the ift Dayo 1788, from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year according to the latest Advices.

1786-7, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Ordered, That there be laid before this House, art Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Account of the Amount received at the several Prefi-Oude distinguishing the same under the respective dencies of Fort Fort Saint George, and Bom-

Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges bay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Re- Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the venues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges last Three Years respectively, according to the latest on Account of Salt and Opium, for the said Year, as Advices* together with the latest Estimate of the far as the same can be made up. fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and India Company at their respective Presidencies and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the C- Settlements Abroad, the Rates of Interest which such static and Northern Circaxs, under the Heads of Mint Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy such Interest.

from the Nabob of Areot, and Rajah of Fan]are, Land Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an r Revenues, and Farms or Licences, for Three Years, Account of the Sales of Goods from according to the latest Advices* together with the between the ift Day of 1787 and the ift Day

latest Estimate of the fame. of March 1788, and the Amount of Customs, Freight,

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an and Charges of Merchandize, paid, or to be paid Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the E thereout, together with an Estimate of the expected India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, Sales of East India Goods, from the ill Day of March and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the 1788 to the ift Day of March 1790 distinguishing Carnatic and the Northern Circars distinguishing the each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freighr, and same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout in each Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of col- Year.

lecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an according to the latest Advices together with the lat- Account of the Sales of the Goods from China, be-eft Estimate of the fame. tween the ift Day of March 17S7 and the ill Day of

Vol. XLIII. 5 Z

March 1788, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid, or to be paid thereout, together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the ift Day of March 1788 to the ift Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the India Company in Great Bri, as the same stood upon the ift Day of March 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Balance of Calli which remained in the Treasuryof the East India Company on the ift Day of March 1787, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the ift Day of March 1787 to the ill Day of March 1788, together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments, from the ift Day of March 1788 to the ift Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year.

Lav*« respect- Re/olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-oif Spiriuious* i°g> tei'olve itself into a Committee of the whole Liquors «o be House, to cchfider of the several Laws now in Commiuee!1 ^e*nS> respe<sting the Duties payable on Spirituous Liquors.

Report Ways Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from

and Means. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Refolu-tiens which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth 5 viz.

Bill»"1Utr Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

1 ' That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Three Millions Five hundred thousand Pounds be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1789, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and re* ceived in Payment.

D*. Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the further Sum of Two Millions be raised by Loans, or Exchequer Bills, to be charged upon the First Aids to be granted in the next Session of Parliament, and such Exchequer Bills, if not discharged, with Interest thereupon, on or before the 5th Day of April 1789, to be exchanged and received in Payment, in such Manner as Exchequer Bills have usually been exchanged and received in Payment.

Surplus of Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Fund on^th That, towards making good the Supply granted to April. His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Five hundred Eighty-nine thousand One hundred Sixty-two Pounds Fifteen Shillings and Two Pence Half-penny, remaining in the Exchequer, on the 5th Day of April 1788, of the Surplus of the Consolidated Fund, subject to the Disposition of Parliament. Moneygranted Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for Lund That, towards making good the Supply granted to orc«mi7 . jyjaje^ there be applied the Sum of Two hundred thousand Pounds, remaining in the Exchequer, of the Monies granted for the Use of His Majesty’s Land Forces in the Year 1786.

Money out of Re/olved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, cwo'ldattd That, towards making good the Supply granted to Fund. His Majesty, there be issued and applied the Sum of Two Millions Five hundred and Forty-five thousand

Pounds, out of the Monies that shall arise of the Surplus of the Fund, called The Consolidated Fund.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Army Savings That the Sum of Forty-three thousand and Fifty-three *7*<a«4 Pounds Four Shillings and Ten Pence, being the 17 7’ Amount of Army Savings and Stoppages in the Years 1786 and 1787, be applied towards defraying the extraordinary Expences of His Majesty’s Land Forces, and other Services, incurred from the 25th Day of December 1786 to the 24th Day of December 1787, and not provided for by Parliament.'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Lottery. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty thousand Six hundred Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Forty-eight thousand Tickets, at Fifteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the same shall, on or before the 9th Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: For, and in respect of, every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 22d Day of June next; Two Pounds on or before the 8th Day of August next; Three Pounds on or before the 10th Day of October next; Two Pounds on or before the 21st Day of November next; Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 19th Day of December next; and Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 16th Day of January 1789; and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors so completing their Payments; that the Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Loueiy, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1788, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the ill Day of June 1789, as soon as Certificates can be made our, without any Deduction whatsoever; and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament.

The Six First Resolutions of the Committee being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

The subsequent Resolution of the Committee being read a Second Time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding, at the End thereof, " and that every " Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his, or her, Contribution Money to the said Lottery, on or before the 12th Day of December next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the " Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the " Sums so completing his, or her, Contribution, to be " computed from the Day of completing the fame,

to the 16th Day of January 1789."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Questioa put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That, towards raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Sum of Seven hundred and Fifty thousand Six hundred Pounds be raised by Way of Lottery, such Lottery to consist of Forty-eight thousand Tickets, at Fifteen Pounds Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence each; and that the Contributors towards the fame

shall,

Tynemouth Incloi'ure Bill committed.

Errington’s Divorce Bill passed.

Bill for regulating the Trials of Controverted Elections, ordered.

28 Geo. III. 6® — f

shall, on or before the 9th Day of this Instant May, make a Deposit, with the Cashiers of the Bank of England, of One Pound Twelve Shillings and Nine Pence, in respect of the Monies to be paid for every such Ticket, as a Security for making the future Payments to the said Cashiers, on or before the Times herein after limited; that is to say: For, and in respect of, every such Ticket, Two Pounds on or before the 2 2d Day of June next; Two Pounds on or before the 8th Day of August next} Three Pounds on or before the 10th Day of October next} Two Pounds on or before the 21st Day of November next; Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 19th Day of December next} and Two Pounds Ten Shillings on or before the 16th Day of January 1789} and that Tickets, as soon as the same can be prepared, shall be delivered to the Contributors, so completing their Payments } that the Sum of Four hundred and Eighty thousand Pounds shall be distributed into Prizes for the Benefit of the Proprietors of the fortunate Tickets in the said Lottery, which Prizes shall be charged upon the Aids and Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1788, and be paid at the Bank of England, in Money, to such Proprietors, upon Demand, on or at any Time after the ift Day of June 1789, as soon as Certificates can be made out, without any Deduction wharsoeverj and that all the Monies to be received by the said Cashiers, shall be paid into the Receipt of His Majesty’s Exchequer, to be applied, from Time to Time, to such Services as shall then have been voted by this House in this Session of Parliament; and that every Contributor, who shall pay in the Whole of his, or her. Contribution Money to the said Lottery, on or before the 12th Day of December next, shall be allowed an Interest, by Way of Discount, after the Rate of Three Pounds per Centum per Annum, on the Sums so completing his, or her. Contribution, to be computed from the Day of completing the fame, to the 16th Day of January 1789.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Trad: of Waste Land, called

! Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of ‘Tynemouth, otherwise mouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire, in the County of Northumberland, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Marsham, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ’ Ad to dissolve the Marriage of George Esquire, with Harriet Coren, his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Michael Angelo Taylor do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the 10th Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to regulate the Trials of Contro-,c verted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve " in Parliament," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly,

8

Mail 4SS

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the nth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend an Act;

" made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

" An Act to regulate the Trials of Controverted Elec-tc tiens, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly} <, *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of Controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. William WyndGrenville, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Attorney Gc* neral, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Committee on whole House, to consider further of the Petition of ,rcn the Freemen of the Borough of Queenborough, in the County of Kent, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, ro-bh. on Behalf of themselves and others; Freemen of the said Borough.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Marsham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Marsham reported from the Committee, That they had examined several Other Witnesses, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Marsham accordingly reported from the said Reported. Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Complaint contained in the said Petition is frivolous and groundless.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercuriiy 70 die Matt;

Anno ?8® Georgii IIP" Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

S\RD E RED, That the Serjeant at Arms attend- r ing this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Ivil -11' Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there

to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who1 refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And

7° Ma

A. 1788.

And being returned, he reported, That there was this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's

no Person in the said Places or Passages

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Chamber.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Hackney' Carts, and other Carriages, Halliers and Porters, and the'Sale of Raw Hides and Skins, within the City of ported.

Bristol, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating

Bill for removing Nuisances, and regulating

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, - the Shipping and Trade to and from, and within, and

JPctition. for additional Pfovision in the Thames and Isis Navigation Bill.

by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Petition of the Company of Proprietors of the \Thames and Severn Canal Navigation, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That, by an Act, passed in the 23d Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for making and " maintaining a'Navigable Canal from the River ‘Thames or Jfts, at or near , to join and " communicate with the St Canal at (< bridge, near the Town of , and also a Colla-u teral Cut from the said Canal at or near,

u to or near the Town of , in the Counties

" of Gkucester and Wilts," certain Powers and Authorities are given to the said Company of Proprietors to make and maintain such Canal within the several Counties of Gloucester and Wilts, but, by the Mistake of the Framers of such Act, the County of Berks was omitted to be inserted therein; and that the Petitioners find it is necessary, for the Completion of such intended Canal, that the same should be carried through certain Lands and Grounds in the Parishes of Ingle-fteatn and Bujcott, in the said County of Berks, and, unless the Petitioners are impowered to carry the said intended Canal Navigation through that Part of the said County of Berks, which is so situate in the said Parishes of I'nglesham and Bujcott, they will be incapable of compleating the said Navigation; and that the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that a Bili is depending in the House for explaining, amending, and enlarging the Powers of Two Acts, passed in the nth and 15th Years of the Reign of His present Majesty,

the Backs or Quays of, the same City and Liberties, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Residents, and Inhabitants, within the City of BrJJlol, on Behalf of themselves and all other the Citizens, was referred j That the Committee had heard the Petitioners by their Counsel, arid had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Rector, Churchwardens, and Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the Liberty of Westminster, whose Names are thereunto subscribed, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition j and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Thomas Hardwick being examined, said, That he has surveyed the Parish Church of Saint Paul, Covent Gar-found

Covent Garden Church Petition reported.

den, and found the same to be in a very bad State, for compleating and improving the Navigation of the and unfit for Divine Worship to be performed therein Rivers Thames and Ifts, from the City of London to the — That it will therefore be absolutely necessary that ~ " the said Church should undergo a thorough and sub-

stantial Repair; but the Money necessary for effecting that Purpose cannot be raised without the Aid of Par-

Town of Cricklade, in the county of : And therefore praying. That the House will give Leave for the Petitioners to bring in a Clause to be inserted in such Bill, to enable the said Company of Proprietors of the said Thames and Severn Canal Navigation to carry such intended Canal through such Part of the said County of Berks as lies within the said Parishes of /»-glejhatn and Bujcott, and to communicate with the River Thames, upon the Estate of Edward Loveden den, Esquire, in the said Parish of

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Loveden Loveden, Mr. Brickdale, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Chester Gaol Bill committed.

A Bill for taking down and re-building the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Yards and Conveniences thereto, was read a Second T. ime.

Rtfiteed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Crewe, Mr. Attorney General, &c.: And they are to meet

liament.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Pauly Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex: And that Mr. Fox and the Lord Hood do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Pauly Covent Garden, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners observe, by the Votes, that Application is making to the House, for a Bill to repair the Church belonging to the said Parish of Saint Pauly Covent Garden; and that the Watch House belonging to the said Parish is situate at the South East End of the Church Yard, and is a great Nuisance to the Inhabitants, and it is expedient that the same Should be taken down, and another Watch House provided; and, that the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church want repairing and improving; And therefore praying, That Provision may be made, in the said Bill, for taking down and removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish, and for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church.

5 Qrdcredy

Petition for removing Covent Gulden Watch Hcuic, & c.

L-

48 Geo. m.

457

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of & Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof', and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Fox, the Lord &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber $ and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Wtbtr’.Ntt. Bill committed*

The Lords bare agreed to

Thread

Manufactuve

Bill.

White Ashes Bill.

Exeter Poor

Bill.

lingen Roads Bill.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hait-ings’s Trial.

Bill for widening and jiak-ing Streets, &c. in Bristol reported.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Phillip was read a Second

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. the Lord Hood, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Message from the Lords* by Mr. Eames and

Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread; without any Amendment t And also* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carrying of White " A flies out of the Realm ;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Stapl to Lingen, and from thence by Boresford to Willey's Oak, and from Kingsham to the Kington and Radnor Turnpike Roads, near The Rod-, and from Lingen aforesaid to Walford, in the County of Hereford; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the "Clock, in Westminster And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for widening, and rendering commodious, certain Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for opening and making new Streets and Passages there, and also for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repofirories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City, and for taking down the Church of Saint Ewen, otherwise Saint Owen, and certain Houses and Buildings within the said City, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, being Burgesses, Residents, and Inhabitants within the City of Bristol, on Behalf of themselves, and all other the Citizens, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone "through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto," which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read, the Report in his Place; and Vol.XLIII.

afterwards delivered ttifc Bill, With the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time*

One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

Mr. Alderman Wdtion reported from the Commit- St. Ptier-lt-tee, to whom the Bill for pulling down and re-build- £0."r Ch"rcJ ing the Parish Church of Saint Pj within 1 np° the City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill; and found the famfc to be true $ and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table t Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Sefcond Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments; be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- County Elec* cond Reading of the Bill for the better securing the tion‘ , Bil* Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elec- commme tioris, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House-

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " Friday Morning next," and inferring the Words " this Day <c Sevennight" instead thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Words " Friday Morning next " stand Part of the Quefi* tien;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j PFJ?’ 1 -H-

Tellers for the Noes, j "r; C";. J.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee ok to resolve itself into a Committee' of the whole House, P»*mbioke» upon the Bill to amend and make perpetual an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating the Trade and Business of Pawn brokers," be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Alderman Le Mefurier reported from the Commictep, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

6 A Qrdtnd,

Pawnbroker* Bill leported.

Committee oh Laws respcding the Duties on Spirituous Liquors dc-. fcrred.

Ways and Means deferred.

Supply deferred.

Committee on Charge against Sir Elijan Impcy.

Royal AiTent to Bills*

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Alderman LeMeJurier accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards* delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Laws now in being respecting the Duties payable on Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Sevennight, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles, of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Eliah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William, in Bengal.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir (Godfrey Webjler took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Webjler reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

And then the Hpufe adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovu, 8° die Maii;

Anno a8° Georgii IIP1* Regis, 1788.

P r a y u 1.

A MESSAGE by Mr. Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the 3

1788.

immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House; went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned j

Mr. Speaker reported. That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal AlTent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Archbishop of > and the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, and the Lord Sydney, named allb in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth;

An Act for defraying the Charge of the Pay and Cloathing of the Militia, in that Part of Great Britain called England, for One Year, beginning the Twenty-fifth Day of March One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

An Act for the better Regulation of the Manufacture of Ounce Thread.

An Act for repealing an Act, made in the Second and Third Years of the Reign of King Edward the Sixth, intituled, "An Act against the carrying of White Allies out of the Realm."

An Act for raising further Sums of Money for the better Relief of the Poor of the City and County of the City of Exon, and to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for rendering more effectual several Acts of Parliament for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the said City and County, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

An Act for re-building the Bridge over the River Rea, at the Town of Birmingham, called Deritend Bridge, and widening the Avenues thereto, and for widening and varying the Course of the said River near the said Bridge, and making a Weir, and other necessary Works, to prevent the lower Part of the said Town from being Overflowed.

An Act for enlarging and improving the Harbour of Leith; for making a new Bason, Quays, Wharfs, or Docks; for building Warehouses; for making new Roads, and widening others, leading to and from the said Harbour; and for impowering the Lord Provost, Magistrates, and Council of the City of,

to purchase Lands, Houses, and Areas, and to borrow Money for these Purposes.

An Act for paving the Foot Ways, and cleansing, lighting, and watching the Streets, and other public Passages and Places, within the Borough of and removing and preventing Obstructions, Nuisances, and Annoyances therein.

An Act for the better paving, cleansing, and lighting the Town of Cambridge-, for removing and preventing Obstructions and Annoyances; and for widening the Streets, Lanes, and other Passages, within the said Town.

An Act for supplyingwith Water the Town of South Shields, and Parts adjacent, and the Shipping resorting to the said Town.

An Act for re-building the Parish Church of Paddington, in the County of Middlesex, and for enlarging the Church Yard of the said Parish.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from Pentre Rock, near the Town of to

Greenfield, in the County of Flint.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering and enlarging the Powers, of Three Acts, passed in the

Twenty-

70 — 8°

A

28 Geo. III. 8° Mail. 4-59

Twenty-sixth and Twenty-seventh Years of the Reigh of his late Majesty, and in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing several 1 Roads leading into the City of Glasgow, so far as relates to that Part of the Road from the City of to

the Town of Dumbarton,which leads through the County to the Town of Dumbarton.

An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the.Third, for repairing and widening the Road from Maidstone, through Debt-ling, to Key Street, in the Parishes of Borden and Bobbing, in the County of Kent.

An Act for continuing the Term, and varying fom of the Provisions, of an Act of the Seventh Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Marchwiel, in the County of Denbigh, through Bangor, Worthenbury, and Hanmer, in the County of Flint, to a House in the Possession of ’Thomas Jenks, in Dodington, in the Parish of in

the County of Salop, and from Bangor aforesaid to , Malpas, in the County of Chester, and from to Hampton, in the said County of Salop.

An Act for continuing the Term and Powefs of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second* and the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing the Road leading from the Town of Kingston upon Hull, to and through the Town of Anlaby, and from thence to the Town of Kirk Ella, in the County of the said Town of Kingston upon Hull.

An Act for more effectually repairing the Roads leading from Pool, through , to Wrexham j

from Knot kin to Llanrhaidr; from in the Road between Oswestry and Wrexham, to Llangollen, and several other Roads therein mentioned, in the Counties of Montgomery, Salop, and Denbigh’, and for discharging the Trustees for repairing the Bala and Dolgelley Roads from the Care of the Road between Llangollen and the Confines of the County Denbigh, and for making Provision for the future Repair of the said Road.

An Act for continuing the Term of an Act, of the Ninth Year of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Road from Scole Bridge to the Town of Bury Saint Edmund’s, in the County of Suffolk, and for amending the said Act.

An Act for amending, widening, turning, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from the Town of Waif all to Hamstead Bridge, and the Road leading from the said Town to a Common called Sutton Coldfield, and the Road leading from the said Town to a certain Brook called Park Brook, which divides the Parishes of Waif all and Wolverhampton, all in the County of Stafford.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Nottingham and Mansfield Turnpike, in the Liberty of Blidworth, to The Mile Oak, in the Parish of Kirk by in Ashfield, in the County of Nottingham, and from thence through Pinxton to Carter Lane, in the Parish of South Normanton, and from Pinxton to the Colliery near Pinxton Green, in the County of Derby.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from the Leicester and Welford Turnpike Road, in the Counties of Leicester and Northampton, near Fofton Lane, to the Turnpike Road leading from Hinckley to Ashby de la Zouch, in the said County of Leicester.

An Act for repairing, widening, turning, and altering the Road from the Township of Saltney, in the County of Flint, to the Town of Flint, in the said County.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road leading from Merlin's Bridge to Pembroke Ferry, in the County of Pembroke.

An Act for continuing and amending an Act of the

Eighth Yeat of His present Majesty, so far as the same relates to the Road from the Township of Huddersfield, in the West Riding of the County of York, to Woodhead, in the County Palatine of Chester, and froth thence to a Bridge over 'the River Mersey, called Enterclough Bridge, on the Confines of the County of Derby.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Spann Smithy, in the County of Chfier, to Talk, in the County of Stafford.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Roads leading from Staplebar to Lingen, and from thence by Boresford to Willey’s Oak, and from Kingsham to the Kington and Turnpike Roads,

near The Rod 5 and from L aforesaid to Wolford, in the County of Hereford.

An Act for diverting Sir Henry Clinton and his Heirs of the Trulls of divers Castles, Honours, Manors, Messuages, Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, of the most Noble Henry Duke of Newcastle, and for vesting the fame in another Trustee, upon the fameTrufts, and with the like Powers, as are mentioned and declared in an Indenture of Release of the Twentieth Day of May One thousand Seven hundred and Seventy-five, or such of them as remain to be performed, or are capable of taking Effect.

An Act for vesting Part of the Real Estate of the late Hugh Lord Viscount Falmouth, situate in the Borough of Tregony, and Parish of Cuby, in the County of Cornwall, in Trustees, to be sold and conveyed to Sir Francis Buffet, Baronet, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act fd enable Elisha Bifcoe, Esquire, to grant Building Leases of Part of the Estates devised by the Will of his late Father, Elisha Bifcoe, Esquire, deceased.

An Act to enable Charles Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, and the future Tenants for Life of the Estates devised by the Will of Bowyer Adderley, Esquire, to grant Building and Repairing Leases thereof.

An Act for confirming and establishing an Exchange agreed upon between the Reverend Philip Pulsion, Doctor in Divinity, Vicar of the Parish of Ruabon, in the County of Denbigh, and Sir Watkin Williams Wynn, Baronet, of certain Lands and other Hereditaments within the said Parish.

An Act for Sale of Part of the settled Estates of William Chafin, Clerk, in the Counties of Dorset and Wilts, for paying certain Portions charged thereon, and for other Purposes.

An Act to exchange Lands and Hereditaments between the Trustees of a Charity Estate in Hefslewood, in the Parish of Hefsle, in the County of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Joseph Rcbinfon Pease, Esquire.

An Act for vesting certain Freehold Estates, devised by the Will of Sir George Amyand, Baronet, deceased, in Trustees, to sell the same, and for laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in the Purchase of other Manors, Lands, or Hereditaments, to be settled in lieu thereof, to the like Uses.'

An Act for incorporating the Governors of the Free Grammar School of the Town and Parish of Bolton in the Moors, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, of the Foundation of Robert Lever, late of London, Gentleman, deceased, and for enlarging the Trusts and Powers of the said Governors for the Benefit of the said School.

An Act for allowing Timber to be cut upon certain Estates settled by the Will and a Codicil of William Gossip, Esquire, and for applying the Money to arise therefrom in making Repairs on the same Estates, and laying out the Remainder in Purchases of other Estates, to be settled to the same Uses.

An Act for vesting Part of the settled Estates of James Templer, Esquire, in the County of Devon, in

him

406 S’ Maii. A. 1788.

him and his Heir9, in Exchange for another Estate of greater Value in the same County, to be settled in lieu thereof.

An Act to dissolve the Marriage of George Errington, Esquire, with Harriet Core his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Open Common Fields, Meadows, Pastures, and other Commonable Lands and Waste Grounds, within the Townships or Parishes of Sw&by and Belleau, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for draining, dividing, and inclosing, the Common and Waste Ground, called Cajilemartin Corse,

— within the Manor and Parish of , in the County of Pembroke.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Pastures, Meadows, and other Commonable Lands and Grounds, in the Parish of -lafton, in the County of Northampton.

An Act for extinguishing all Right of Common on the several Commons and Waste Grounds in the Manor and Parish of Mangotsfi in the County of cester (except Mangotsfield Common, Emerson's Green, and Vinney Green) and for veiling the said Commons and Waste Grounds in Charles Bragge, Esquire, Lord of the said Manor, discharged from the said Right of Common, and for securing a Relit Charge issuing out of the same for the Benefit of the Poor of the said Parish.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Arable Fields, and also certain Commons and Waste Lands, within the Townships of Kirkbymoorfide, Fad-moor, and Gillamoor, in the Parish of Kirkbymoorfide, in the North Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, the Open and Common Fields, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, in the Hamlet of Little Farringdon, in the Parish of Langford, in the County of Berks.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Commons and Waste Lands within the Manor of Stretton in the Dale, in the County Salop.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and laying in Severalty, the Open and Common Fields, Open Downs, Common Meadows, Common Pastures, and Waste Lands, within the Parish of Netherhaven, otherwise Netheravon, in the County of Wilts.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open and Common Fields, Heath, Waste, and Commonable Lands, within the Manors and Townships of North and South Rauceby, in the County of Lincoln.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Lands within the Parish of Compton Martin, in the County of Somerset.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, Common Pastures, Common or Moor, and Waste Grounds, within the Hamlet or Liberty of Spondon, in the County of Derby.

An Act for dividing and inclosing certain Moors or Commons within the Township of Bagby, in the North Riding of the County of York.

Dumfrit«Road Sir Robett Laurie presented to the House, according Sill presented. to Order, a Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by M Bridge to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Nante* Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

Bill lead. 'Act for naturalizing D Nantes, was read the First

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hading. House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and

Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returnedi Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this tfoufe, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.'

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places iu Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Order be discharged. Resolved, That this House will, upon WeJnesday next, at Twelve of the Clock, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the several Persons, whose Names are thereunto subscribed. Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Evan Foulkes being examined, said. That the Watch House belonging to the said Parish is situate at the South East End of the Church Yard, and is a great Nuisance and Annoyance to the Inhabitants; and it is therefore expedient that the same should be taken down, and another Watch House provided; and that

County Elections Bill deferred.

Sutton Inclosure Bill passed.

Petition for removing CovcntGardeu Watch House, &c. reported, and Inrtrutlion accordingly.

fceport Expi Io| Laws*

Scotch Light* houics Bill fcommitted.

Rotherham Road Bill reported, and recommitted.

48 Geo. lit. 8° Mail. 46f

the Gates and Avenues leading to the Church should be repaired and improved.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of That

they do make Provision, in the said Bill, for taking down and removing the present Watch House belonging to the said Parish, and providing another, and for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues lead- ing to the said Church.

> Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee} who \Veri appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to One other Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolution of the Committee was read} and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain Species of British and Linens exported, " and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near ex-» firing, and fit to be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time}

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do consider of the Acts mentioned in the said Resolution.

A Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, intituled, tc An Act for erecting certain Lighthoules in the Northern Parts, of Great was read

a Second Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill bfe committed to the Lord Advocate of Scotland, Mr. Brickdale, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Mr. Buncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends near in the West

Riding of the County of York, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the Fout Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made 'several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill}

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.

Vol. XLIII.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr. Pepys:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded bs to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will pfoceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, On Tuesday Seven-night, the 20th Day of this Instant at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Upon the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Short-lings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, fd as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mat-trafles or Beds Huffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Ides of Jersey, Guenfey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for u the winding of Wool," be now read.

And the said Order being read accdrdingly 5

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.-Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Comrrtittce.

Mr. Speaker fefumed the Chair.

Mr. Burges reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made foveral Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same;

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burges accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments} in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Sevcnnight.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments} be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

A Petition of John JVebbe Westcn, Esquire, was pre-lehted to the House, and read} Taking Notice of the Bill for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes Within the Town and Borough of South-ivarh, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, ^nd watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and PaffagCs adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Di-vifiori in the said Act described j and Setting forth. That the Improvements proposed to be effected by the said Bill will be rendered more complete, the Owners of Estates in the Neighbourhood be greatly benefited, and the Public be further accommodated, by widening and opening certain other Streets and

6 B ' Place*

The Loi-di will proceed od the 10th Instant on Mr.tiaftiiigi's Thai.

Committee oii Wool Bill.

Reported;

Petition fot additional Provibon ill Southwark.

Paving Bilk

Places in the said Division herein after mentioned, that is to say, to open Webbe Street, Part of which Street was heretofore called Farthing Alley, and other Part called T‘heNew Buildings, in order to make a Carriage Way from Webbe Street aforesaid into, and to communicate, at the East End thereof, with Street, and also to widen and improve the said Street in other Parts thereof, also to widen and improve a certain, Way or Paflfage in order to form a Carriage Way from Snow's Fields into ‘Toohy Street, through V/eJlonStreet and the Maze, and also to widen and improve the said Streets, also to widen a certain other Way or Passage in order to form a Carriage Way from Snow’s Fields aforesaid to a certain Street called Great Maze Fond Street, and also to widen and improve the said Streets: And therefore praying. That Provision may be made in the said Bill for making the Improvements and Openings above-mentioned, in such Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Henry ‘Thornton, Mr. Burges, &c.: And they are to nteet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

TfaUicriw An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the inciofuie bill Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel p-iiui. of Waste Ground, within the Township of

in the West Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and al so a certain Common or Parcel of Waste Ground, within the Township of Featherstone, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. John Smyth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 90 die Maii;

Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge within the Town of Gatefkead, in the County of Durham, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir the-w White Ridley, Mr. Brandling, c.; And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber*

The Lord Hoed presented to the House, according' CovcntGardeji to Order, a Bill for repairing the Church of the Parish Ch"ich ®‘U of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middle- f!e'ealL Jex , for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Ufcof the said Parish: And the same was received; and read the First Time*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time!.

A Petition of several Innholders, Coachmasters, and Petition agalufl Livery Stable Keepers, whole Names are thereunto BUI.

subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Con-Turners of Oats, within the Cities of London and

minster, and the County of Middle fen, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twenty first Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled,

" An Act for further regulating and ascertaining the . " Importation and Exportation of Corn and Grain " within several Ports and Places therein mentioned;" and Setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive that the Ihortening the Term, or lefiening the Number, of Weekly Accounts, from or upon which the Average Prices of Corn and Grain are, by the said recited Act, directed to be found and computed, as proposed by the said Bill, would, in a great Measure, put a Stop to the Importation of Foreign Oats, anil be a Means of greatly enhancing the Price of Oats within the Cities of

don and Westminster, and the County of Middlesex, to

the very great Injury of the Petitioners, and of the Public: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill as shall appear to be injurious to them, and may have such Relief as the House shall think reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Tvr.e Sk'ppcrf Bill committed.

Newcastle «pon Tyne lirulge Bill committed.

Anno 28° Georgii IIItli Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

A BILL for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief.and Support of Skippers and Keel-men, employed on the River Tyne, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matthew White Ridley, Mr. Brandlings &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge, over the River w7yne, between the Town of Newca/lle upon Tyne and Gatejhcad, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets,

A Petition of the Provincial Synod of Moray was Petition from presented to the House, and read; praying. That the shynod0Jfncial House would take the present State of the African Moray rr-Slave Trade under their Consideration, and devise such Measures as may mitigate, if not entirely remove, e a c# that Evil.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Blackburne reported from the Committee, to Bolton RonH* whom the Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made fillL rfP0Ilcd* in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Daley and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to Winwckr, -was committed y That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they h.;d directed him to report to the House; and he x read

,b

Mail

465

Weber's Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

Bill for removing Nuiunces, and regulating Hackney Coaches, 6cc in Bristol* passed.

Biillol Street and Gui Idhall Bill passed*

read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Jack/on reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing John Phillip Weber, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, wichout any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for removing and preventing Encroachments, Nuisances, and Annoyances, and for better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, Halliers, and Porters, and the Sale of Raw Hides and Skins, within the City of

Bristol, and Liberties thereof, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade to and from, and within, and the Backs or Quays of, the same City and Liberties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass i And that the Title be. An Act for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and other Nuisances, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for ]icensing and better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers thereof, respectively, and Porters and other Persons within, and for certain Distances round, the said City and Liberties, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade, and the Rivers, Wharfs, Backs, and Quays, and the Markets within the same City and Liberties j and for other Purposes.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An IngrolTed Bill for widening and rendering commodious certain Streets, Lanes, Passages, and Places, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for opening and making new Streets and Passages there; and also, for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing Public Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City, and for taking down the Church of Saint Riven, otherwise and

certain Houses and Buildings within the said City, was read the Third Time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for widening and rendering commodious a certain Street, called Broad Street, within the City of Bristol-, and for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing Public Offices thereto, and Repositories for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City.

Ordered, That Mr. Brickdale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

other Roads therein mentioned; and also for thd making and repairing a Road from the said Road between Wrexham and Chester, to the present Turnpike Road from Wrexham 'to Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gond through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments) in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time,

One by One; and, upon the Question severally puc thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for confining the Management of Part of the Road to the Trustees of the Chester District.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom Stafford and the Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so p*l,fter Ro*J$ much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign 1 reportei of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re- pealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament,

" made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twentyeighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, as relate to the Road from the 1

" End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road to-" wards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the " County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the County of " Chester, and from Nantwich to and from

thence, through Tarvin, in the said County of " Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more *f effectually repairing, widening, and supportin'g the " same Road; and also for repairing and widening the " Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester,

" to the Cross in Tan-in aforesaid," as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments there- unto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the l louse.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Shrewsbury and Wi exham Bonds fiiii reported.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from bury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and the Roads from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint, and several

Mr. Brediereported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenry-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, ,c An Act for creating certain Lighthouses " in the Northern Parts of Great Britain," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally puc thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed, .

An

Scotch Light* houses Bill reported»

9^ Mail.

A. 1788.

fciwnbrokert Bill patted.

Petition rt« latingto

Rotherham Road re-con|§ mitted Bill reported.

An ingrafted Bill to amend and make perpetual an Stratford upon Avon, in the COuntf of Warwick, to Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign Birmingham, in the same County, was committed, be of His present Majesty, intituled, *' An Act for further received upon Wednesday Morning next.

" regulating the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers," A Petition of Charles of Lion Square

was read the Third Time. in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Sarah Ketteriche

Refolvtd, That the Bill do pass *. And that the Title and Martha , of Red Lion Square, aforesaid,

be, An Act to amend and make perpetual an Act, Elizabeth of Hythe, in the County of Kent, Wi± passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of dow, and Thomas Llbyd, of Great fames Street, in the His present Majesty, intituled, ‘‘ An Act for fur- said County of Middlesex, Esquire, and William Palmer,

" ther regulating the Trade and Business of Pawn- of the Parish of Alvechurch, in the County of brokers." Gentleman, on Behalf of themselves, and other the

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Newnham do carry Creditors on the Tolls arising from the Roads herein- the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. after mentioned, was presented to the House* and

read 5 Setting forth, That an Act was passed in the Mr. buncombe reported from the Committte, to Seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for whom the Bill for continuing the Term, and altering amending and widening the Road from the Bell Inn, the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the at in the County of Worcester, to the

ton Turnpikes, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the county of,

to Birmingham, in the said County, whereby certain Tolls were directed to be taken, and the Trustees therein-named were empowered to borrow, on the Credit thereof, any Sum not exceeding 000 j and that the Trustees thereby appointed immediately proceeded in executing the fame, and Robert late Earl of Catherlough, in the Kingdom of Ireland, whose Man-fion House at Barrels lay near the said intended Road, Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a and was principally interested in procuring and making

such Road, which was at that Time extremely deep and founderous, and had a deep Water between his House and the London Road (over which a Bridge was necessary to be built, to render it safe and passable at all Times from his House, and the said Road adjacent thereto, to advanced 500, the Petitioner Thomas Lloyd 400, and the Keverend Thomas Lockey Soley, the late Husband of the Petitioner Elizabeth Soley, to whom the Petitioners Thomas Lloyd and Elizabeth Soley are Executors, also lent 100, and Sir Robert Throckmorton, Baronet, and Mr. Payton advanced each 100, making 1,200, which was principally laid out in building a Bridge, and making a compleat Road near his Lordship’s House and Thame* and Mr. Call reported from the Committee, to whom Estates; and, the said Lord Catherlough, who under-Isis Navigation the Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge, the Powers of took the Management of the said Road, received the

1 repoite . much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fif- said several Sums, and took from the Trustees One

teenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for Mortgage for the Whole of the said 1,200 to him-

improving and completing the Navigation of the Ri- feIf, giving the Petitioners, who had advanced the

vers Thames and Jfis, from the City of London to the above Sums, Declarations of Trust for the Sums by Town of Cricklade,in the County of Wilts, as relates them respectively paid; and that, in 1769, the said

to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boun- 1,200 advanced being found inefficient, and more

Money being necessary to be borrowed to make and

Papifh Deedi and Wills InrollmentBlll committed.

fame relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill, was re-committed; That the Committee had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the

Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,„ were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. An-Jlrutber, Mr. Adam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

dary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town repair the said Roads, the Petitioners Sarah and Mar-of* Cricklade, was committed; and to whom the Peti- tha Ketteriche, with their Sifters Elizabeth and Mary, tien of the Company of Proprietors of the Thames and since deceased, being applied to, and conceiving that

Day appointed

for receiving Report from Committee on Northfield

Road Bill*

Severn Canal Navigation, was referred; That the Committee had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to continue the Term, and alter *he Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the at North-

field, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from

their Monies would be safe, and protested under a Parliamentary Security, likewise advanced 750 on the Credit of the said Tolls, for which a Mortgage was executed by the Trustees to the Petitioner Charles Ketteriche (their Brother) who has given them severally Declarations of Trust for the said Sum, which, with £. 50 advanced by Mr. Joseph Palmer, the late Father of the Petitioner William Palmer, made up the Sum of £. 2,000; and that the said Sums were, bona fide, advanced and paid by the Petitioners on the Credit of the said Tolls, and in full Confidence that they would, in due Time, be re-imbursed, and the Interest punctually paid, but the Petitioners have nor, for some Years, received any Incerelt for the Monies by them respectively advanced, on Account of the bad Condition of the Road, and the Smallness of the Tolls; and that the Petitioners observe that Application has been made to the House, by the Trustees under the said Act, for a Bill to continue the Term thereof, and increase the Tolls, but are informed that a Petition has been presented from fvvrral Gentlemen and others against such Increase and that the Petitioners are much

concj/ned

28 Geo. III.

e ;t*l> ft

t

9° M

4^5

concerned to find that any Oppofitton Should be made to an Increase of the Tolls, which have been found so inadequate to keeping the Roads in Repair, and paying the Interest of the Money borrowed, and there is at present upwards of£. i,6oq due for Interest; and that most of the Petitioners not residing in nor having any Estates in the Neighbourhood of the said Roads, cannot derive any local Advantage, therefrom, and without an Increase of the Tolls they are likely to lose the Sums they have advanced, at least they are certain that they have not the smallest Chance of ever receiving any Interest; and, the Petitioners hope that the House will extend to them the same Kind of equitable Relief as is almost uniformly granted to other Creditors under similar Acts of Parliament, especially when it is considered, that the Increase of Tolls aflced by the Trustees will make them no higher than what is paid at most of the neighbouring Turnpikes, and that the Money advanced by the Petitioners has been expended in making and improving the said Roads, to the Benefit of the Country, and the Estates near the fame; And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, in Support of the said Increase of Tolls, and pointed by this House to make good the Articles of

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans dr Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the if ear One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Or-

der, a Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill far raising a Sum by Loans or Ei chequer Bills prdented.

Bill for raising a further Sum by Loans or Exchequer Bills pre-ftnted.

Lottery Bill presented.

Ordered, That the Solicitors to the Managers ap- Particular

Account of

may have such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think equitable and just.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report be received from the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Hotjfc resolvet

to adjourn to Wednesday.

at the Rising of

Resolved, That this House will, the House this Day, adjourn till Wednesday Morning next.

Committee of Ways and Means.

Indemnity Bill ordered.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they- had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Wed-

nesday Morning next.

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors; And that Mr. Roje and Mr. Gilbert do 'prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Vox.. XLIII.

Impeachment against Warren Esquire, do lay

before this House, a particular Account of the Expenditure of the several Sums advanced to them from the Exchequer; and of such other Expences as may have been incurred by them, on Account of the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire, so far as the same can be ascertained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Correspondence that has passed between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Managers appointed to make good the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, relating to the Money expended on Account of the said Prosecution.

Mr. Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Webbe Weflon, Esquire, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. Samuel Robinson being examined, said. That the Improvements proposed to be effected by the Bill now depending in this House, for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages within the East Division, in the said Act described, will be rendered more complete, the Owners of Estates in the Neighbourhood be greatly benefited, and the Public be further accommodated, by widening and opening certain other Streets and Places, as follows; (that is to say) To open Webbe Street, Part of which Street was heretofore called Farthing Alley, and other Part called The New Buildings, in order to make a Carriage Way from Webbe Street aforesaid into, and to communicate, at the East End thereof, with Bermondsey Street, and to widen and improve the said Streets in other Parts thereof; also to widen and improve a certain Way or Passage, in order to form a Carriage Way from Snow's Fields into through

6 C Wejion

Expences incurred on Account of Mr. Hastings’s Prosecution, ordered.

Correspondence relating tb Money expended on Account of Mr. Hastings'g 1 Prosecution, ordered.

Petition for additional Projrifjon in Southwark. P ving Bill reported.

4 66 9° Mali. 1788.

West on Street and the Maze, and also a certain other of their said Officers, as specified in the said Report, Way or Passage, in order to form a CarriageWay to the Amount of £.24,694. 14 s\^d. Company’s

from Snow's Fields aforesaid to a certain Street called Pay, and sundry Payments having been since made Great Maze Pond Street, and also to widen and im- in Part of the said Debt, the same has been reduced prove the said Streets. to about £. a 5>5^3- 11 *. Company’s Pay, which the

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Commit- Petitioners were not in a Condition to discharge; but tee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Commissioners by maintaining, ever since the late Peace, the strictest for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth System of Oeconomy in the Management of their Af-Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving fairs in Africa, by confining their Garrison rather the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough within their customary Establishments, and, by an of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the extraordinary Exertion in the Assortment of their County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and Supplies, they have been enabled to pay off the Sum watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Al- of Ten Shillings in the Pound, in Part of the said leys, and Padages adjoining thereto, and for prevent- Debt, taking upon the same such Advantage as the ing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate Usage of their Service would warrant, by which the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the Means they have been enabled to pay the Sum of East Division, in the said Act described, is committed, £. 7,761. 15 6d. Company’s Pay, with about

That they have Power to make Provision in the said £. 3,804. 11 2 Sterling; and that the Petitioners

Bill for widening and improving IVebbe Street, and have further been put to sundry extraordinary Exmaking a Carriage Way from the East End thereof, pences in assisting the Operations of His Majesty’s to communicate with Bermondsey Streetj and also for Arms in Africa, in the Course of the last War, in

widening and improving a certain Way or Passage, Maintenance of Convicts, and other Contingencies, in order to make a Carriage Way from Snow’s Fields amounting in the Whole to £.7,762. 18 10

into fooley Street, through Weston Street and the Maze, Company’s Pay, for Payment of which, the House and for widening and improving the said last-men- had made no Provision, they took the Liberty, there-tioned Streets; and also for widening a certain other fore, in Two preceding SdTions of Parliament, to Way or Passage, in order to form a Carriage Way annex the particular Accounts of the said extra from Snow’s Fields aforesaid to a certain Street called Charges, humbly submitting, that the same could not Great Maze Pond Street; and also for widening and be defrayed out of the usual Grants from Parliament, improving the said Streets. without great and manifest Injury to the several Set-

tlements under their Management; and that, by an Afiicrn A Petition of the Committee of the Company of Act of the Twenty-third Year of His present Majesty,

Merchants trading to Africa, being offered to be pre- the River Gambia and its Dependencies were veiled in ( n' fented to the House j the Petitioners, but the Old Fort having been destroy-

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s ed in the late War, and having no Fund either to Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, erect or maintain a Fort for Defence of that River, having been informed of the Contents of the said they have hitherto been unable to take Possession of Petition, recommends it to the Consideration of the it, so that it still remains exposed to the Intrusion of House. Strangers; and that, however the Grants from Par-

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; liament might, at the Commencement of the present Setting forth, That the Petitioners have laid before African Establishment, have been sufficient to main-the House an Account of the Money granted in the tain the Forts in some tolerable State of Defence, and Year 1786, examined and passed by the Curfitor Ba- to afford such Gratifications to the Natives as would ron of the Exchequer, as required by an Act of the preserve their Friendship and Affection, the same Grants Twenty-third of George the Second, intituled, " An at present are by no Means equal to those necessary " Act for extending and improving the Trade to Objects, the Prices of the different Products of " Africa," and that they have invested the Money, more particularly of Negro Slaves, having of late granted in 1787, for the Support and Maintenance of Years very considerably increased, the Merchandize the Forts and Settlements on the said Coast j and that from Europe, employed in their Purchase, has fuf-the said Forts having been originally ill-constructed, fered a proportionate Depreciation, insomuch that and composed of the very worst Materials, were deli- Presents, which were formerly sufficient to fecqre the vered to the Petitioners in a very ruinous Condition Interests and Confidence of the Chiefs of the Country, by the Royal African Company, and the Sums An- are now scarce worth their Acceptance, which gives a nually granted by Parliament for their Support and great Advantage to Strangers j and that the Peti-Maintenance having been nearly expended in the Civil tioners, being sensible of the great Regard flrewn by and Military Establishments, and in the necessary con- the House for the Preservation, Improvement, and tingent Charges, there remained very little for the Extension of the Trade to Africa, and for the Defence Purpose of Repairs, insomuch that most of them had and Maintenance of the British Forts and Settlements fallen into Decay; and that sundry Abuses having absolutely necessary thereto, therefore pray the House been alledged to exist in the Conduct of the Officers to take the Premises into Consideration, and grant such employed by the Petitioners on the Coast: of Africa, Sum as may be sufficient for the effectual Support and and more particularly in the Management of the Maintenance of the said Forts, for such Presents as Public Money committed to their Care, the Petition- may be proper to secure the Friendship of the Natives ers thought proper, in the Year 1779, to suspend of the Country, and such other Relief as to the House their Governor in Chief and the Council at Cape Coast shall seem meet.

Castle, and to appoint certain Commissioners to exa- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, mine, in Africa, into the Conduct and Accounts of

their Officers, from the Beginning of the Year 1770; The House was moved, That the Titles of the feve-and the said Commissioners, or their Successors, hav- ral Petitions, which have been presented to this House ing reported fully to the Petitioners, upon the different in this Session of Parliament, relative to the present Objects referred to them, and in particular upon the State of the African Slave Trade, might be read. Accounts of their Officers in Africa, and the Petition- And the same being read accordingly; ers having carefully examined and confirmed the said Refolded, That this House will.

Reports, it appears by the fame, that, at the End of early in the next Session of Parliament, proceed to the Year 1776, the Petitioners were indebted to sundry take into Consideration the Circumstances of the Slave

Trade.

Resolution respecting the Slave Trauic-

a 8 Geo. III.

90 — 14° Mali.

467

Bill for Protection of Stocking Frames do* fcrred.

Supply dfferrcd.

Trade, complained of in the said Petitions, and what may be fit to be done thereupon.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon

next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Paper dp !ie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members-of the House.

The said Paper is preservd amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the Order made upon Wednesday last, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Housej upon that Day Sevennight, to consider of the several Laws now in being, respecting the Duties payable on Spirituous Liquors, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fhur/day Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House, having continued to fit till Half an Hour after Seven of the Clock on Saturday Morning, adjourned till Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Committee on Laws respeCU ing the Putiet.

on Spirituous Liquors dc« fcrred.

Morning

Committee on Charge against Sir Elijah Iinpey.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Comewall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Comewall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Mercurii, 140 die Maii;

Anno 28° Georgii III111 Regis* 17881 Prayers.

SI R Richard Hill reported from the Committee, to shropflilw whom the Bill for making and maintaining a Na- Navigation vigable Canal from the Canal at Donnington Wood, in Bllr*P#rtt the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence, by Two several Branches, to communicate with the River Severn, One near Coal-hrook Bale, and the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts, to join such Canal, was committed j That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One.

And a Matter of Dispute, which had arisen between by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-Two Members in the said Committee, having been upon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest adjusted; were, with an Amendment to One of them, agreed to

The House again resolved itself into the said Com- by the House; and several Amendments were made,

Correspon-"

dence relating to Money expended on Account of Mr. Hastings'S Prosecution, prefen ted.

in it tec.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir George Comewall took the mittee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir George Comewall reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon <Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Mr. Burke presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Copy of the Correspondence {hat has passed ber tween the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Managers appointed to make good

by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, Chair of the Com- ingrossed.

be

A Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries Bum/ries, by M Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Road.Bi, J Bum/ries, was read a Second Time. - commits.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir James Johnstone, Sir Robert Laurie,&c.: And they are to meet

this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber., .

Mr. Mundy. reported from the Committee, to whom Sawley Bridge the Bill for building a Bridge over the River ? at Bin rePor,'d* or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of Berby and ^another Leicester, was committed; That the Committee had ordered, examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report

the Articles of Impeachment against Warren Hajlings, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; Esquire, relating to the Money expended on Account and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-of the said Prosecution. ments, in at she Clerk’s Tablo: Where the Report

And the Title of the said Paper was read. was read.

And

14® Mail A. 1788.

And it appearing to the House, that there were several Erafures and Interlineations in the said Bill, and that proper Blanks were not less therein;

Ordered, That the said Bill be withdrawn.

Ordered, That Leave be given to present a proper Bill instead thereof.

Glynne’« Sir Roger Mojlyn reported from the Committee, to re'oHd '1 d w^om ingtolfed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An pa&d!,an Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne, Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Per-fonswho may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne, Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne, Baronet,

also deceased, to grant Leases of the Coal and other Mines within the said Estates, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the , Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfactiin of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House Without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Reger Mojlyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

CoventGar- A Bill for repairing the Church of the Parish of dtn Church Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the county of;

Bdlcommit- por repajring an(j improving the Gates and Ave. ucs leading to the said Church; and for removing the , rr-sent Watch House, and providing another for the Jie of the said Parish, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lo. d ' Hood, Mr. Fox, &c.: And they are to meet this Ai~ terhoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Chimney Mr. Robert Burton presented to the House, accord-sweepers Bill ing to Order, a Bill for the better Regulation of presented. Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Bill for pre- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for 't ons RetX Preventin8 vexatious Removals, and for the sup-

inovaU' of the plying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the Poor Poor,ordtud. of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Young and Mr. nejley do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Foer Removal Mr. Young presented to the House, according to Bill presented. Order, a Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and for the supplying certain Defects in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathe-

raiifnaf'&c* ^ral Church of Christin Oxford, of the Foundation of lnciofure Bill. King Henry the Eighth, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners were, on the 27th of April last, applied to by a Solicitor or Agent concerned in promoting the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of Streelmarjhal, and

"Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery, to give their Consent that the same might pass into a Law, and acquainted, that the said Manors are situated in the Parities of Guilsfield and Myfod, where the Petitioners rhave small Quantities of Glebe Lands, and a very

confrderable Property in Tythes, which, from particular Circumstances, may be greatly affected by a Change of the Rights in the Lands, Parts thereof being claimed to be wholly exempt from Tythes, and other Parts to pay less than a Tenth; and that the Petitioners were not applied to, or in any Manner acquainted with, the Intention of dividing and inclosing the said Manors, or that the same were situated in the said Parishes, before the said 27th of April, nor fto they appear, on the Face of the printed Bill then left with tl)em, to have any Concern therein, and the Petitioners apprehend, that their Property may be much injured, if the said Bill Should pass into a Law as it now stands: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, or such Parts as may affect them, or that the Petitioners may have such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Town Petition in f*. of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, to lay out and build a new Street from Fore Street to the Church of

Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for veiling the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

T-ble. 1

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving Hortwyi the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to KoadB^"' continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road;leading from the Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the WoottonTurnpike, in the Great Turn-

pike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;.

Ordered, That Mr. Jervoise do. make the said Report.

Mr. Jervoise accordingly reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had considered the Petition of several Gentlemen, Clergy, and Freeholders of the County of Warwick, whole Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf- of themselves and others, referred to their Consideration, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and.that the Committee had gone, through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed to be reported to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed, That several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

A Motion was made, and the Question being put,

That the said Bill be re-committed;

The

*8 Geo. III.

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, j Lord 7

14° Mail.

Tellers for the Noes, {xhe 23‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whorrt the same was committed.

The House was moved, That the Petition of Charles Ketteriche, of Red Lien Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Sarah Ketteriche and Martha of Red Lion Square aforesaid, Elizabeth Soley, of Iiytbe, in the County of Kent, Widow, and 'Thomas Lloyd, of Great James Street, in the said County of Esquire, and William Palmer, of the Parish of Alve-church, in the County of Worc Gentleman, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Creditors on the Tolls arising from the Roads thereinafter mentioned, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly.;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans Bill for raisin* or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One farther Sum thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read a Exchequer* Second Time. Bills com-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. muted.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum LottmBiit of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

ResolvedThat this House will; Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House; upon the said Bill.

Papers relating to Sir Elijah luipey <udcted«

Book delivered to the Committee on Charge against Sit Elijah Impcy, by Mr. Francis, to be retained.

Ways and Means de-tcued.

Ordered, That all have Voices, who come to the Committee to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Order of Sir Robert Chambers, in the Patna Cause, for holding the Defendants to Bail.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a State of the Proceedings in the Appeal of the Cause of Nauderab Begum a gain (I Cauzee Sadhi and others.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Bond entered into, on the Part of the East India Company, by Warren Hajlings, Edward U'heler, and John Macpherson, Esquires, on the granting of the Appeal in the Cause of Nauderab Begum against Cauzee Sadhi and others.

Ordered, That the Book delivered in to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, by Philip Francis, Esquire, containing the Opinion of Sir Robert Chambers in the Cause of the King against Nauderab Begum, be retained in the Hands of the Clerk of this House until further Order.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report WaP Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re- and Mea"s* ferred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ExplringUw. That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for granting a Bounty upon certain " Species of British and ^IriftLinens exported, and " taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign " Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax," which said Act was, by Two other Acts, made in the Tenth and Nineteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, extended and continued until the 24th Day of June 1786, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by another Act, made in the Twenty-seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 24th Day of June 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be; continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington,

Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Supply de- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House ferred. to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read.

And the said Older being read accordingly;

R.eJolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Bill for raising A Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans Loanso^Ex or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One

chequer Bills thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read a committed. Second Time.

Vol. XLIII.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, who were Report Ex- appointed to enquire what Laws are expired, or near Pums expiring, and to report their Opinion, from Time to Time, to the House, which of them are fit to be revived or continued; That the Committee had made a further Enquiry, and had come to several other Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the Ilouie; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Resolutions of the Committee were read; and are as followeth; viz.

6 D Revived,

T radc between Quebec and the West Indies to be considered.

Committee on County Elections Bill.

*4

Mail.

A. 1788.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to prevent the committing of Frauds by " Bankrupts," which was to continue in Force from the 24th Day of June 1732, for the Space of Three Years, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Ninth and Sixteenth Years of his said Majesty’s Rdgn, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1750, and by an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, was amended and further continued until the ift Day of September 1757, and which, by several subsequent Acts, made in the Thirty-first Year of his said late Majesty’s Reign, and the Fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1771, and which, by an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, was amended and further continued until the 29th Day of September 1775, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and by Three other Acts, made in the Sixteenth, Twenty-first, and Twenty-sixth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, was further continued until the 29th Day of September 1788, and from thence to the End of the then next Session of Parliament, is near expiring, and fit to be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Nineteenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend the Laws relating to the Transportation, Imprisonment, and other Punishment of " certain Offenders," which, by an Act, made^ in the Twenty-fourth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for the effectual Transportation ".of Felons, and other Offenders, and to authorize " the Removal of Prisoners in certain Cafes; and for " other Purposes therein mentioned," was continued until the ift Day of June 1787, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, and also so much of the Provisions of the said last mentioned Act as extends to authorize the Removal of Offenders to temporary Places of Confinement, which was to be in Force until the ift Day of June 1787, and from thence until the End of the then next Session of Parliament, are near expiring, and fit to be continued, with Amendments.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolution this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Resolutions now reported, and agreed to by the House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade between the Province of Quebec and His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in "The West Indies.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend-

Correspon-dtnee relating to Money expended on Account of Mr. Hastings’s Prosecution, presented.

ments thereunto, which they had directed him to report when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Parry accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Co’nsideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, as amended by the Committee, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, pursuant to their

Order,

N° 1. Copy of a Letter from Thomas Steele, Esquire, dated the 10th Day of April 1788, to the Committee of Managers of Mr. Hajlings's Trial: And also,

N° 2. Copy of a Letter from Edmund Burke, Esquire, dated 16th April 1788, transmitting the Representation

of the Committee of Managers of Mr. Hajlings’s Trial in regard to the Expences attending it: And also,

N° 3. Copy of the Representation from the Committee for managing the Trial of Mr. Hajlings, relative to the Expence thereof: And also,

N° 4. Copy of the Resolutions of the Committee of Managers on the Impeachment against Mr. tings, the 29th of April 1788.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift^was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Or- indemnity der, a Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted Bill Prt(in,e<,‘ to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of th£ Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

t

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

5 Ordered,

Committee on Bill for Protection of Stocking Fianie^.

28 Geo. ill.

140 — 15°

41 i

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 150 die Maii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIItU Regis, 1788.

Rotherliam Road Bill passed.

A1

vert to his own Ufc, a large and commodious Build* ing and Garden; belonging to certain Trustees, under the Title of Hewish's Almshouse, which Charity is supported by a prosperous and encreasing Endowment, and is situated in the Centre of the said Lane, the blocking up of which will be a great Inconvenience to the said Almshouse, Sir Benjamin Hatnmet proposing only a narrow Passage to the fame; and that the Trustees of the said Charity have not been consulted, or given their Consent that such Building may be taken down, or that any Part of the said Premifies might be converted to the Uses of the said Sir Benjamin Hammet, as recited in the said Bill, and the Property of an Individual will be much hurt thereby, the present Possessor holding a Lease under the said Trustees for a Term of Twenty-one Years, and the being deprived of which will be a Loss to the

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends 'near Wortley, Person holding the same of £. 100, besides a great in the West Riding of the County of York, and for Inconvenience which the Public must sustain by be-discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road ing deprived of a Place wherein to deposit the Stalls from the Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill, or Standings used in the Market Place in the Town was read the Third Time. of Taunton, the said Spot being very contiguous to

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title the Market Place, and no other eligible Place can be be, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the had for the Purpose of carrying to, depositing, and Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the cleaning the said Stalls or Standings j and that the same relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Poor Removal Bill committed*

A Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and for the supplying certain Defeats in the Laws relating to the Poor of this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Young, Mr. Annejley, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Petition of the said Sir Benjamin Hammet is, as the Petitioners understand, without a Precedent on the Journals of the House (not having given any previous Notice, as, it is presumed, is usual on such Occasions) requiring, as it does, that the Petitioner might procure for himself, without the Concurrence of those whose Possessions and Conveniences are to be the Sacrifice, the Property of Individuals, the Pari fh, and the Public, and not stating any Ground of Necessity, or great general Advantage, in Favour of the Requisition, on one of which Grounds alone such a Requisition can, as the Petitioners conceive, with Propriety be made, or in Justice be complied with: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the passing of the said intended Bill, before the Committee, and in the House at large.

Petition against T auntonStrect Sill.

and that, in its present Form, the same may not be Petition of the Inhabitants and Payers to the permitted to pass

Poor of Taunton Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of So7ner/et,vj?LS prefenced to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, in the Votes, a Petition signed by Sir Benjamin Hammet, requeuing that a Bill may be allowed to pass the House, for enabling him to lay out and build a new Street in the Town of Taunton, and, in order thereto, that he may be enabled to purchase certain Premisses, the Property of divers Individuals, and have veiled in him, and his Heirs, a Lane leading to the Church, that the same may be blocked up, and likewise be at Liberty to talte down what is in thq said Petition termed an ancient and ruinous Almshouse; and Repre-fenting to the House, that the proposed Street can be of no real Utility to the Town of but

would, if formed and' built under the Circumstances by the said Petition required, distress some of the Petitioners, by the blocking up of a long accustomed Way to their Dwellings, and be a Grievance on the Inhabitants and Payers to the Poor of the said Parish at large, by depriving them of an Almshouse, which, at present, accommodates Thirty-six poor Persons, also Four other Houses, in which Eight other poor Persons now live; and that the said Thirty-six Persons now residing in the said Almshouse called

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, to lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for veiling the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs, is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. Mundypresented to the House, according to Sawity BiiJge Order, a Bill for building a Bridge over the River Bl11 FcleMed* Trent, at or near Sate ley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Gilbert presented to the House, according to Second Ex Henly’s Almshouse, and the Eight other poor Per- Order, a Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Tons, must immediately become a Burthen upon the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Spe- ’ p,tcme laid Parish, if the Almshouse and other Houses afore- cies of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking said be permitted to be taken down, no Provision be- oft’ the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw ing made in the said Bill in Lieu thereof, by which Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the Parish must unavoidably suffer great Loss; and the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for that the said Sir Benjamin Hammet has introduced continuing and amending several Laws relating to into the said Bill, a Request to pull down, and con- the imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders:

And

L

15'

Mail

A. 1788.

Indemnity Bill committed.

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giv-

Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his PLce; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put there-

ing further Time for those Purposes; and to indem- upon, were agreed to by the House*

nify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamp-

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for subjecting to the Punishment of Transportation Persons convicted of destroying Frames, and other Offences therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and amended;

ed; and to give further Time to such Persons as have and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by

Voices to Committee on Taunton Street Bill.

omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, to lay out and build a new Street

from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magda- (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as

the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Order of the Day being read, for taking into w?°l Bill further Consideration the Report from the Committee delctrei’ of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool

len, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for vesting the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs, is committed.

Brightfide In* closure Bill reported.

Mr. Buncombe reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brightfide, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Estates afieffed to the Land Tax at £.52. 145. per Annum, who refused to sign the Bill; and also, except the Owners of Estates assessed at £.56. i8j. id, who could not be met with; and that the whole Property interested in the Inclosure is assessed at £.3,070. 17 s.6 d.or thereabouts; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in; at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be roiled.

the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds (luffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Wool," was committed. Ordered, That the said Report be taken into fur-

Bill for Protection ot Stocking Frames, 5c c. reported.

in<

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and

ther Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Inhabitants and Payers to the AnotherPe-Poor of the Parish of Taunton Saint Mary Magdalen, I|!^na0gnlinl in the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, street Bill, and read 5 Setting forth, That the Petitioners have observed, in the Votes, a Petition, signed by Sir Benjamin Ilammety requesting that a Bill may be allowed to pass the House, for enabling him to lay out and build a new Street in the Town of Tauntony and, in order thereto, that he may be enabled to purchase certain PremifTes, the Property of divers Individuals, and have veiled in him, and his Heirs, a Lane leading to the Church, that the same may be blocked up, and likewise be at Liberty to take down what is in the said Petition termed an ancient and ruinous Alms-house; and Representing to the House, That the pro-poled Street can be of no real Utility to the Town of Taunton, but would, if formed and built under the Circumstances by the said Petition required, distress some of the Petitioners, by the blocking up of a long accustomed Way to their Dwellings, and be a Grievance on the Inhabitants and Payers to the Poor of the said Parish at large, by depriving them of an Almshouse, which, at present, accommodates Thirty-six poor Persons, with Four other Houses, in which Eight other poor Persons now live, who, deprived of that Benefit, mud immediately become a Burthen upon the Parish, and thereby incur an Expence of upwards of £ 50 per Annum more than is now paid and that the said Sir Benjamin Hammet has introduced into the said Bill a Request to pull down, and convert to his own Uses, a large and commodious Building and Garden, belonging to certain Trustees, under the Title of Hewiflys Almshouse, which Charity is supported by a prosperous and encreasing Endowment, ^nd is situated

in

28 Geo. III.

15® Matt.

473

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Doty.0" Xrn* ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole f^ncTcar. Hoofe, to consider of the Duty upon Coaches, and riage»tobe

in the Centre of the said Lane, the blocking up of which would be a great 'Inconvenience to the said Almshouse, Sir Benjamin Hammet proposing only a

small Passage to the same j and that the Trustees of other Carriages, the Manufacture* of the European eonfiJered* the said Charity have not been consulted, or have Dominions of the French King, imported directly given their Content, that such Building may be taken from thence in built or Ships,

down, and the Property of an Individual will be

much hurt thereby, the present Possessor holding a . Ref, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn- Rewarding

Lease under the said Trustees for a Term of Twenty- ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

one Years, and the being deprived of which will be a House, to consider of rewarding Officers of the Re- £d«e4.

Loss to the Person holding the same of £. ioo, and venue, on Account of Vessels and Boats being broke,

upwards, besides a- great Inconvenience which the up when seized and condemned.

Public mull sustain by being deprived of a Place Or, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-wherein to deposit the Stalls or Standings used in the mittee. That they do consider of preventing the Use Market Place in the Town of Taunton, the said Spot of Boats called Tub Boats, and other Boats used for being very contiguous to the Market Place, and no illicit Purposes. other eligible Situation can be had for the Purpose of

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine: And that Mr. Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

carrying to, depositinr or Standings j and Benjamin Hammet without

and

is.

cleaning, the said Stalls that the Petition of the said Sir as the Petitioners understand, a Precedent on the Journals of the House, requiring as it does (without any previous Notice being given) that the Petitioner may procure for himself divers Premisses without the Concurrence of those whose Possessions and Conveniences are to be the Sacrifice: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, again!! the said intended Bill, and that, in its present Form, it be not permitted to pass the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, to lay out and build a new Street from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and to purchase certain

Bill to secure thfc Performance of Qua^ ramine, ordered*

Trade between

Quebec and tU< West Indies.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day for the House Committet on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Trade between the Province of Quebec and His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chain Mr. Roje took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Roje reported from the Committee, That they

Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and had come to a Resolution, which they had directed

Bill for regtt-

iating the Trials of Con. troverted Elections, pre-tented.

Scotch Light-houses Bill

passed.

for vetting the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs, is committed , and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do admit Counsel to be heard, at the same Time, in Favour of the said Bill, against the said Petition.

Mr. William Wyndham presented to the

House, according to Order, a Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for erecting certain " Lighthouses in the Northern Parts of Great Britain,"was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for erecting certain Lighthouses " in the Northern Parts of Great

Ordered, That Sir Adam do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

him to report, when the House will please to receive

the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee oft Bill for raising a SumbyLouna

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a certain Sum of Money, by or Exchequer Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year ®,l"*

One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The Floufe resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reporced from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Duties on Importation of Wine Id be ctnfidered.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the Europeandominions of the French King, Rbe-vifty German and Hungary, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wjne of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain.

Vol. XLIII.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him

6 E to

Committee on Bill for railing X further Surs by Loans or Exche<^u^r Bills.

LiOpQLe

o

150 — i 6°Mail

A* 1788.

Lottery BUI deferred*

Committee on Laws respecting the Duties on Spirituous Liquors deferred.

BUI for limiting the Number of Outside Piflcngers on Stage Coaches, ordered*

Committee on Charge against Sir Elijah Im-pey.

Paper relating to Sir Elijah Impey, or. dcred.

Several Persons to attend Committee on Charge agin oft Sir Elijah 1m-

to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered \That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now read.

And the said Order being /read accordingly}

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Laws now in being respecting the Duties payable on Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages: And that Mr. Gamon, Mr. Rye, and Sir John Miller, dp prepare,'and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Comm ittee.'

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Webjler took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Webjler reported from the Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant May, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Articles.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Copy of the Proceedings in the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, in a Cause between Nauderah Begum against Cauzee Sadhi, and others, transmitted to England, under the Seal of the said Court.

Ordered, That Edward G Esquire, do, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, the 23d Day of this Instant

May,attend the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal.

Ordered, That Ewan Law, Esquire, do- attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That William Toung, Esquire, do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

Ordered, That Major Rennell do attend the said Committee, at the same Time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vitnerts, 16° die Matt;

Anno 28* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Praye rs.

of Mr. Bishop'i Petition read again, and re* ferred to a CommittM.

THE House was moved. That the Petition

George Bishop, of Maidstone, Distiller, which was presented to the House upon the Eighth Day of February last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Jackson, Mr. Toung, &c.:

And they are to meet upon Monday Morning next, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Woo! Bill refurther Consideration the Report from the Committee committed, of the whole House, to whom the Bill to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Latfs now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool,

Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings* Yarn and Worsted,

Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made use of, as '

Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds stuffed with Combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Isles of Jersey, Guernsey,

Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts j and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Wool," was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were disagreed to j and the rest were, with Amendments to several of them, agreed to by the House.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill.

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed.'

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said eonGdered, Committee,

- Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Duncombe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Duncombe reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the 1 House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Duncombe accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

Amendments

Addrest of tho Inhabitants of Bengal to Mr* Hastings, &c. ordered.

St. Peter-le-Poor Church Bill passed.

Poor Removal Bill reported*

Expiring Lawt Bill paded.

28 Geo. III. 16a Maii.

Amendments were Once read throughout; and thert Plantations in America; to the further Punishment a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effec-Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be tually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and ingrossed. Cotton in Great Britain; to the allowing the Expor-

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time tation of certain Quantifies of Wheat, and other Ar-upon Monday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be tides, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America $ then ingrossed. to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe

Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a or Plantations in to the prohibiting

Copy of an Address and Memorial of the principal the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of British Inhabitants of the Provinces of Bengal, Babary in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and Orijfa, to Warren Hastings, Richard Barwell, Phi- and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Work-

ftp Francis, and Edward Wheler, Esquires, and Sir men employed in those Manufactures, to go into

Eyre Coote, K. B. Members of the Supreme Council Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the

at Fort William. Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of

Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several An ingrossed Bill for pulling down and re-building Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the the Parish Church of Saint Peter-le-Poor, within the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent. Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the was read the Third Time. ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hy-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the drometer.

Title be, An Act for pulling down and re-building Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the the Parish Church of Saint Peter-le-Poor, within the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Bill for railing

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Wation do carry the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence. raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche- Bill* reported.

quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Mr. Toting reported from the Committee, to whom Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was committed; the Bill for the preventing vexatious Removals, and the Amendments which the Committee had made to for the supplying certain Defects in the Laws relating the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to to the Poor of this Kingdom, was committed; That the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, several Amendments thereunto,which they had directed in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments him to report to the House; and he read the Report were Once read throughout; and then a Second in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. the Report was read. Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further ingrossed.

Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That the said Bill, with the Amendments, Mr. according to Order, reported from the Bill for ralfint

be printed. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ^u^)haenrjs"®

raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exche- Exchequer An ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating quer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Bllls reP°rted' to the Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was committed; the and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to Amendments which the Committee had made to the the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Ma- Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the ' jesty’s Plantations in America', to the further Punish- House; and he read the Report in his Place; and ment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effec- in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments tually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and were Once read throughout; and then a Second Cotton in Great Britain, to the allowing the Expor- Time, One by One; and, upon the Question feve-tation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Ar- rally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House. tides, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America -, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe ingrossed.

Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies', to the prohibiting Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry to the Lords Mr. Gilbert the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of the ingrossed Bill to amend and make perpetual an pa^*t,7oken in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign Bilitoth* and to prevent the seducing of Artificers and Work- of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for fur- Logmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into " ther regulating the Trade and Business of Pawn-Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the " brokers," and desire the Concurrence of their Lord-Clandestine' Running of Goods, and the Danger of ships thereto.

Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Du- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Kincardine ties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wllt‘ Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages; and to the the electing of a Commissioner to serve in this pre-ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hy- sent Parliament for the Shire of Kincardine, in the drometer, was read the Third Time. room of the Right honourable Gordon, com-

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the monly called Lord who, since his Elcc-

Title be. An Act to continue several Laws relating to tien for the said Shire, hath accepted the Office of the Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the Hundreds of Stoke, Dejlorough, and Benenham, in the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s County of Buckingham.

4 Rcj'olved,

47^ i 6° Maiu . 1788.

Houserefolvet Re/olved, That this House will, at the Rising of

tm^Monda House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning

on *y’ next>

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Jn*Wthe*Dutie» to resolve 'nt0 a Committee of the whole House,

olfS|>irituous* to consider of the several Laws now in being respect-Liquors de- ing the Duties payable on Spirituous Liquors, be now

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Report re- Mr. Ro/e, according to Order, reported from the speaiDR the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-Quebeca'nd* ferrcd to consider of the Trade between the Province the West in- of Quebec and His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations

d,c$‘ __ in The West Indies, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is expedient to permit any Ship or Vessel, importing Rum or other Spirits into the Province of Quebec, from any of His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, to land the same without Payment of the Duty of Six Pence per Gallon, im-poled by an Act of the Fourteenth Year of His present Majesty's Reign, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution; and that Mr. Ro/e and Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Committee on Re/olved, That this House will, immediately, re-to Uie'Dutits ^Ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to on Hide*1 and consider of so much of an Act, made in the iaft Sef-sicim, &c. fion of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing " the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and " granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the other Divties composing the Public Revenue; for permitting " the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and " Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the " European Dominions of the French King,'into this ,c Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment " of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of the " National Debt," as relates to the Duties on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and to the Duties on Auctions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties payable upon Stuffs printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the Duties of Excise payable on Foreign Green Glpfs Bottles imported into this Kingdom.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Crewe reported from the Committee, to whom chester Gaol the Bill for taking down and re-building the Gaol of Bill reported the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Yards and Conveniences thereto, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s King’t Con. Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, sent figmficA. having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House being informed that Mr. ‘Froward, One Particular of the Solicitors to the Managers of the Impeachment against Warren Hajiings, Esquire, attended at the Door } curred on ao

he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the count of Mr. House, pursuant to their Order, Profecuftoo,

A particular Account of the Expenditure of the presented. Money advanced to Wallis and Froward, Solicitors appointed by the Honourable the House of Commons, for the Impeachment against Warren Hajiings,

Esquire, and of such other Expences and Charges as have been incurred by the said Solicitors, and have accrued on Account of the said Prosecution, up to the 15th Day of May 1788, inclusive, as near as the same can be ascertained.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members' of the House.

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee of to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House’, Suppl>* to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, be now read. ' referred&C*

And the said Order being read accordingly; '

Ordered, That the Petition of the Committee of African Con* the Company of Merchant trading to bere- p^tPeu*

ferred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Report, which, upon the 7th Day Reporton of May, in the last Session of Parliament, was made Harbourhpe. from the Committee to whom the Petition of the tition. Mayor, Aldermen, and Free Burgeflfes, Merchants,

Traders, and Inhabitants, of the Town of Plymouth, was referred, be referred to the said Committee.

A Motion being made, That the Account of the Accounts of Monies which have been issued in consequence of the Expences in Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution ^.Hartingi’* against Warren Hajiings, Esquire; and also, the Ac- Prosecutian. count of sundry Expences incurred in consequence of the Prosecution against Warren Hajiings, Esquire, be referred to the said Committee;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’$

Command, acquainted the Houfr, That His Majesty recommends to the Consideration of the House, tho-

making

Accounts and Papers relate ing to Tca, &c, ordered.

a8 Geo. III. i6° Mail.

411

making such Provision for re-paying the said Monies, Account of the Average Quantity of Tea imported

and defraying the said Expences, as the House shall by the India Company, from 1773 to 1783, and

think proper. , the Amount Annually paid for the same in China.

Ordered, That the said Accounts be referred to the Ordej That there be laid before this House, an said Committee. Account of the Annual Amount of Tea brought by

Then the House resolved itself into the said Com- the Foreign Companies of Europe from , during mittee- the same Period, if any Account of the same is trans-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. mitted to the India House from the Supercargoes

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee* in China.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Orde, That there be laid before this House, Co- Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That pies of the Representations which have been made, by they had come to several Resolutions, which they had the Government of , against fending Specie from directed him to report, when the House will please to India to

receive the same. Orde, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Account of the Amount of the Twelve per Cent. Duty Morning next. on Tea, from September 1784 to March 1788; dif-

Mr. Gilbert also acquainted the House, That he was tinguishing each Year, directed by the Committee to move, that they may Orde, That there be laid before this House,- an have Leave to fit again. Account of the actual Receipt of the Window Tax*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday under the said Act, within the same Period, with the Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the Arrears and Deficiency} distinguishing each Year, whole House, to consider further of the Supply granted Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

to His Majesty. Account of the Average Amount of the Window Tax

for Three Years preceding 1784*

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Tea in the Warehouses of Account of the Amount of the Surcharge subsequent the East India Company, previous to the Arrival of to September 1784, on the Old Window Tax, and the the first Ship (the Wycombe') of this Season; carefully present Actual Receipt by the last Returns, distinguishing the Sorts. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Gross Revenue from Tea, and the Account of the Quantity and Sorts of Tea imported Net Revenue, after Drawbacks, paid for Five Years last Year, 1787, on the Twenty-seven Ships which previous to the said Act.

arrived from China. Orde, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Quantity of Silver exported to China Account of the Quantity and Sorts of Tea expected for Five Years previous to the passing of the said Act* this Year by the last Advices from China. if any} distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-Account of the Number and Tonnage of the Ships pies of all Advices received respecting Foreign Shipladen in China for the East India Company, in the ping in the Ports of within the last Two Years.

Season 1786-7. . Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an pies of all Correspondence between the Lords Chm-Account of the Cost, as per Invoice, in China, of the missioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Direc-Cargoes laden, on the East India Company’s Account, tors of the East India Company, or between their Se-in the Season 1786-7. cretaries, for their Information, since the passing of

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the said Act, relative to, or in Consequence of, the Account of the Number and Tonnage of Ships that Directions and Regulations of that Act. are consigned, by the East India Company, to China,

for the Season 1783-9. Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account* ®f

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Debts of the East India Company in company* Account of the Quantity and Sorts of Tea fold on the England, exclusive of the Transfer of Indian Debt, as Debts and Account of the East India Company, and of private they stood on the ift of March 1787, and on the ift of Bills oidered. Trade, since September 1784, after the Commencement March 1788, and as they will stand on the ift of of the Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the March 1789, according to such Estimate as can now Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for be made thereof.

" repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an " to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and Account of all Bills on the East India Company, inalso several Duties on Inhabited Houses 5 and upon eluding those now due, accepted, or advised, and " the Importation of Cocoa Nuts and Coffee; and stating the Dates at which they were drawn and acfor repealing the Inland Duties of Excise thereon;" cepted, and the Dates of their becoming payable, distinguishing each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an The House being informed that Mr. , from Accounts of

Account of the Quantity and Cost of Tea imported by the Directors of the East India Company, attended at Ann""1d^'ae‘ the East India Company from the Continent of Europe the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- g" &c. of*he since the said Act. fented to the House, pursuant to their Orders, East India

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an N° 1. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the Account of the Amount of the Silver sent from Eng- East India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, land to China in the East India Company’s Ships, on bar, and and from Benares and under

Account of the Company or of private Persons, for the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Post Office the Purpose of lending the Company in China for Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Bills, since the Commencement of the said Act; dif- Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales tinguishing the Amount in each Season. of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according, to

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate j

Account of the Amount of the Bills drawn from of the fame: And also,

China since the Commencement of the said Act, and N° a. An Account of the Annual Charges de- !

of those expected this Season by the last Advices. frayed by the East India Company, in the Provinces

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares and Oude-,

You. XLIII. 6 F distinguishing

.1

478 it0 Mali. ^.1788.

distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices , together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 3. Companion of the Estimated and Actual Amount of the Revenues of the India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, and and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Poll Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidv, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Opium, for the Year 1786-7, and of the Charges defrayed by the said Company in the said Provinces, and in Benares and Oude; distinguishing the fame, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Opium, for the said Year, as far as the same can be made up: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East' India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy from the Nabob of , and Rajah of

*Tanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Accounts; together with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 5: An Account of the Annual Charges de»-

frayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic and the Northern Circars; distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; toge-gether with the latest Estimate of the fame: And also,

N° 6.An Account of the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms, or Licences, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto;

distinguishing the same under the respective Heads of Civil, Marine, Military, Buildings, and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 8. (a) An Account of the Annual Charges defrayed by the East India Company, for the Management of their Trade and Commerce in Bengal, Madras, and Bombay, so far as the same can be distin-guiffied from the Civil or other Charges of those Presidencies respectively, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 8. ( b) An Account of the Expences of the Presidency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 8. (r) An Account of the Expences of the I Hand of Saint Helena, and the Factory of Canton, for Three Years, according to the latest Advices: And also,

N° 9. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable

Resources and Disbursements of the Bengal Government, from the 30th of April 1787 to the lft of May 1788: And also,

N° 10. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Madras Government, from the 30th of April 1787 to the ift of May 1788: And also,

N° 11. Abstract of the Estimate of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Bombay Government, between the 30th of 1787 and the ift of

Maj 1788: And also,

N° 12. General Abstract of the Estimates of the probable Resources and Disbursements of the Presidencies of Fort llllliam, Fort Saint George, and Bombay, between the -50th of April 1787 and the ift of May 1788: And also,

N° 13. An Account of the Amount received at the several Presidencies of Fort Fort Saint

George, and Bombay, for Sales of Import Goods and Stores, and for Certificates on the Court of Directors, within the last Three Years respectively, according to the latest Advices; together with the latest Estimate of the same: And also,

N° 14. Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company, at their respective Presidencies and Settlements Abroad, according to the latest Advices, the Rates of Interest which Inch Debts respectively carry, and the Annual Amount of such Interest: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Sales of Goods from the East Indies, between the ift Day of 1787

and the ift Day of March 1788, with the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid or to be paid thereout, together with an Eiftimate of the expected Sales of East India Goods, from the ift Day of March 1788 to the ift Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout in each Year: And also,

N° 16. An Account of the Sales of the Goods from China, between the ift Day of March 1787 and the ift Day of March 1788, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, paid ot* to be paid thereout, together with an Estimate of the expected Sales of China Goods, from the ift Day of March 1788 to the ift Day of March 1790; distinguishing each Year, and the Amount of Customs, Freight, and Charges of Merchandize, to be paid thereout in each Year: And also,

N° 17. Amount of the Bond and other Debts of the East India Company in Great Britain, as the same flood upon the ift Day of March 1788: And also,

N° 18. An Account of the Balance of Cash which remained in the Treasury of the East India Company on the ift Day of March 1787, and of their Receipts and Payments in England, from the ifl Day of 1787 to the ill Day of March 1788, together with an Estimate of the Receipts and Payments, from the ift Day of March 1788 to the ift Day of 1790;

distinguishing each Year.

Together with a List of the said Accounts and Papers.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts and Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts and Papers be printed, as shall be fuflicienC for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts and Papers are' preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved, That die Petition of the ancient and new Subjects of His Majesty, the Inhabitants of the Province of FJueb which was presented

to

Committee Quebec tiens.

28 Geo. III.

i6c

*9‘

Mali.

479

]tefo!utIon respecting the Quebec Peti-tifns.

Ways and

Vleans defer-ed.

ndemnity Bill eferred.

to the House upon the nth Day of March lad, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the Petition of the Merchants trading to the Province of Quebec, which was presented to the House upon the i8rh Day of March last, and then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly*

The House was also moved, That the Petition of Adam Lymburner, Agent from the Province of Qjiebec, which was presented to the Ploufe upon the id Day of this Instant May, and then ordered to lie upon the Table/ might be again read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Fourteenth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, cc An Act for making more effectual Provision for the Government of the Province of 4e Quebec, in North America/* might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve irfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petitions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Mr. Adam Lymburner, Agent from the Province of Quebec, upon the Matter of the said Petitions.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Windham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chftir.

The House was moved, That the Resolution of the House, of the 9th Day of this Instant May, " That this House will, early in the next Session of Parlia-€€ ment, proceed to take into Consideration the Cir-<c cumstances complained of in the several Petitions €€ which have been presented to this House, in this cf Session of Parliament, relative to the present State cc of the African Slave Trade, and what may be fit to f< be done thereupon/’ might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That the said Petitions of the ancient and new Subjects of His Majesty, the Inhabitants of the Province of Quebec, and of the Merchants trading to the Province of Quebec, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Resolved, Nemine Contradicente, That this House will, early in the next Session of Parliament, proceed to take into Consideration the Matters of the said Petitions, and what may be fit to be done thereupon.

Affidavits of the F.xccution of Indentures of* Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary, Portugal and Madeira Winer and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duty upon Coaches, and other Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly /rom thence in British-built or French-built Ships.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of rewarding Officers of the Revenue, on Account of Vessels and Boats being broke up when seized and condemned.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morn* ing next, Ten of the Clock.

LuncCy 190 Mail;

Anno 28° Georgii III‘" Regis, 1788.

Committee on Wine Duties deterred 4

Committee on French Carriages Duty deleired.

Committee td consider of rewarding Revenue Officer* deterred.

Lottery Bill deferred!

Prayers.

MR. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for allowing further Time for Inroiiment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protdlant Purchasers, was committed j That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Papirt s Deeds and Wills fn-rollment Bill reported.

t?:

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according t& Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file

An ingossed Bill

for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal at Wood,

in the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence, by Two several Branches, to communicate with the River Severn, one near Coalbrook Dale, and the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts, to join such Canal, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 74.1. 26. To leave out from Commissioners " to the Eirft " shall " in 1. 27.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that\he Title be, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal at Bennington Wood, in the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall 2 ' Bank,

ShropflilreNt* vigation Bill passed.

Brightfide In-cioiurc Bill passed.

Newrcartle upon Tyne Bridge Bill reported.

Mr. Bishop's Petition re* parted.

190 M

A. 1788.

Bank, and from thence, by Two several Branches, to communicate with the River Severn, one near Coal-brook Dale, and the other near Wood, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts, to join such Canal.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncom do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrafted Bill for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the TownQiip of Brigbtfide, in the Parish of Sheffield, in the West

Riding of the County of York, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 20.I.31. To leave out from "required" to " to " in 1. 34.

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brigbtfide, in the Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of York.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge, over the River Yyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Dyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge within the Town of bead, in the County of Durham, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true j and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Edwards reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of George Bishop, of Maidstone, Distiller, was referred , That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition, and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, Mr. William Park, a Brandy Merchant, being examined, informed your Committee, That the Petitioner has, at a great Expence, erected a Manufactory for making Geneva, at Maidstone, in the County of Kent, and that he makes the same nearly upon the same Principles with that made in Holland — That, in Consequence of the Petitioner having established the above Manufactory, he has been indulged by Act of Parliament with particular Exemptions from the general Rules and Regulations of the Excise Laws, to enable him to carry on the said Manufactory — That the Term of the said Exemption is near expiring, and, owing

to the high Duty paid by the Petitioner, be has on Hand a large Quantity of Geneva, although he has been obliged, for want of a Sale, to discontinue working for upwards of Nine Months; and that the Regulations under which the Petitioner is now obliged to work, and the high Duties he is charged with, have proved to be such as to prevent his carrying on his Trade, whereby he is greatly prejudiced, and the Public Revenues diminished.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the T able.

A Bill for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweep- Chimney ers and their Apprentices, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Hill, Mr. Robert Burton, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber j and all who come f.o the Committee are to have Voices.

An ingrafted Bill to explain, amend, and enlarge Thame* »tiJ the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the gili^ff00 Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Yhames and Ifts, from the City of London to the Town o in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Yhames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of , as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, / in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade.

Ordered, That Mr. Call do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a certain Sum of Mo- Bin for nufint ney, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of a Sum by the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- Loan' 0IL®*

1 o J chequer Bill.

eight, was read the Third Time. paired.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a further Sum of Mo- Bill for railing ney, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of further Sum the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty- Exchequer1 eight, was read the Third Time. Billspafled.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight. 1

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The House was moved. That the Petition of Debate on thony Bourboulon de Boneuil,cn Behalf of himself and his Partner Matthew Valid, which was presented to Bourboulon the House upon the 8th Day of February last, and <fe Boneuil'i then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again committee,1

read. adjourned.

And the same being read accordingly

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration

28 Geo. III.

19s Mail.

481

Debtors and

Creditors Bill

deterred.

Sawley Bridge Bdl committed.

Committee to fit To morrow.

sideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ordered, That the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors;

Re/ohed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn* ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill fot building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Savoley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, was read a Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Daniel Parker Coke, Mr. Call, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

CC

ct

CC

CC

CC

Bill for Pro-fc$ion of Stocking1 Frames, Sec, faffed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines of Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were leverallypropoled to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2.1.36. To leave out "Six, " and insert Cf Fourteen " instead thereof.

Pr. j. 1. 17. To leave out " Forty, " and inlert " Twenty " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House j and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Re/ohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines or Engines annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or

tuled, An Act for making more effectual Two" *c Acts of Parliament, passed in the 7th and ioth Years of her late Majesty Queen Anne, for preferring and enlarging the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and for repairing and amending the high Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven, as relates to the preferring and enlarging of the said Harbour," and also of an Act, passed in the Second Year of His Majesty’s Reign, intituled; " An Act for enlarging " the Term and Powers of several Acts of Parliament relating to the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the " County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading u to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; and n for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for " lighting the said Town, and supplying the same " with Water; and for regulating the Carmen there;

uand for repealing so much of an Act of the 23d " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty as relates to the Road from Calder Bridge to and di-

recting how the said Road shall be repaired, and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned in the said County," was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Turnpike Bills, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to reppre thd fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report mhis Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Yable: Where the same was read; and is as follower!); viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, the said several Acts were read: And

Peter How Younger, Esquire, being examined, said. That several Considerable Sums of Money have been borrowed in pursuance of the said Acts, and have been applied towards the Improvement of the said Harbour and Roads — That the said Money cannot be repaid, nor the said Harbour and Roads effectually improved and kept in Repair, unless the Terms of the said Acts are further continued, and the Powers thereof enlarged. '

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " for enlarging the Term and Powers of several Acts " of Parliament, relating to the Harbour of -" haven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of " Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said Har-

u hour; and for lighting the said Town, and

ing the same with Water; and for regulating the

Framework-knitted Manufactory, or breaking or de- " Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an

stroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used, or any Way employed, in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Stage Coach Mr. Gamon presented to the House, according to ^dinted!,*Bl Order, a Bill for limiting the Number of Persons to p eat be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages: And the same was received; and read the Firff Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Whteharen

Hai bour and Roads Petition reported

Mr. James Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Trustees on Behalf of themselves, and other the Trustees, for put-

ting in Execution an Act, passed in the Firff Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, " An €t Act for continuing so much of an Act, passed in the 1 jth Year of King George the Second, inti-

Vvl. XLIII.

" Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of " his late Majesty as relates to the Road from Calder " Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County And that Mr. James Lowther, Mr. William Lowther, and Mr. John Lowther, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second Well* Reading of the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant Letters Patent for the Jicenfing of the Performance of Month*, certain public Entertainments therein mentioned, to be exhibited at the Place called Sadlers Wells, in the Pa rifhof Saint James, Clerkenwell, in the County of Midd/e/ex, in such Manner as is therein expressed;

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Timjp upon chis Day Six Months.

A Bill to continue several Laws relating to the Second tt-granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Spe-

6 G cier tad.

<jies of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax j and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

East India Ordered, That the several Accounts and Papers, R°nu"yAe. which were presented to the House upon Friday last, counts referred by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India *t®1 ComnjiN Company, be referred to the Consideration of a Com-'* mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Accounts and Papers.

Accounts re. Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to the and Fi»x pr£P Directions of an Act of Parliament, rented. An Account of the Quantities of Hemp and Flax

certified to the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury to be raised in that Part of Great Britain called England, and of the Monies directed to be issued to the Order of the Quarter Sessions of the different Counties therein mentioned, between the 9th of May 1787 and the 9th of May 1788: And also,

A Paper, intituled, " Amount of the Sums allowed " by the Justices of the Peace for the within men-<c tioned Counties, to the several Clerks of the Peace,

,f for Business done under the Acts for encouraging " the Growth of Hemp and Flax, and.paid by Order of " the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, u between the 9th of May 1787 and the 9th of " 1788."

And the Titles of the said Account and Paper were read.

Ordered, That the said Account and Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Account and Paper are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Report Sup*. Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the ply’ Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider further of the Supply granted to His Majesty, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Mr.H*iiings’» Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, roiecutior. ,p|iat a gum, not exceeding Eight thousand and Fifty-eight Pounds Fifteen Shillings and One Penny Halfpenny, be granted to His Majesty, to make good the like Sum which has been issued in Consequence of the Expences incurred in carrying on the Prosecution against Warren Hajlings, Esquire.

African Forts. Resolved, that it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding Thirteen thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in repairing, maintaining, and supporting the Forts and

Settlements on the Coast of Africa. c.itwater Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Harbour. That a Sum, not exceeding Two thousand Pounds, be granted to His Majesty, to be employed in cleansing and securing the Harbour of and Sutton

Foci, near Plymouth, in the County of Devon.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report relttive Committee of the whole House, to whom it was refer- *° ‘j1* Du,t* red to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last sk.iT>*, &c!" Seffioti of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise,

" and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for " applying the said Duties, together with the other " Duties composing the Public Revenue; for per- mitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares,

and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, into " this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the PayT " ment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of " the National Debt," as relates to the Duties on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and to the Duties on Auctions, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties of Excise now payable upon Elides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, dressed in Oil in Great Britain, do ceale, determine, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Three Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight, avoirdupois, of all Sheep and Lamb Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain; and so in Proportion for any greater ot less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Six Pence be charged upon every Pound Weight, avoirdupois, of all ocher Hides and Skins, and Parts and Pieces of Hides and Skins, which shall be dressed in Oil in Great Britain; and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of Three Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight, avoirdupois, of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain (and for which the Duties of Excise shall have been paid) which shall be manufactured and made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of Six Pence be allowed upon every Pound Weight, avoirdupois, of all other Hides and Skins which shall be so dressed in Oil in Great Britain (and for which the Duties of Excise shall have been paid) which shall be manufactured and actually made into Goods or Wares, and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of Two Thirds of the said respective Duties be allowed upon every Pound Weight of all Sheep and Lamb Skins which shall have been lo dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for which the Duties of Excise shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of Two Thirds of the said respective Duties be allowed upon every Pound Weight, avoirdupois, of all other Hides and Skins which shall have been so drested in Oil in Great Britain, and duly marked (and for which the Duties of Excise shall have been paid) and exported as Merchandize to Foreign Parts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty ot Three Pence Half-penny be charged 8 foe

Geo. III.

*9

Mail;

485

nits

ijti

u

for every Yard in Length, reckoning Yard wide, of Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted all Scuffs (other than such Stuffs in respect whereof to be damped according to Law, or, having been

any Duty of Excise is, by an Act of the Twenty- a ----- ----- J u""" '"a ----- ----- -:n':j r — " —: —

seventh Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, imposed on the fame, being printed, painted, or dyed in Great Britain, and except such thereof as shall be dyed throughout of One Colour only, and Stuffs made of Woollen, or whereof the greatest Part in Value shall be Woollen) and which shall be printed, stained, painted, or dyed in Great Britain , and so in Proportion for any greater or less Quantity, to be paid by the Printer, Stainer, Painter, or Dyer thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all De^r Skins and other Skins, of the Produce of Eafi or West Florida, in America, and which shall be imported into this Kingdom directly from thence, be permitted to be sold by Auction, free from the Duty imposed on Deer and other Skins, disposed of by Auction in Great Britain.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties under the Management of the Com- Morning, missioners of Excise in Great Britain, on Foreign Green

Glass Bottles imported into this Kingdom, do cease. Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Wool Bill determine, and be no longer paid or payable. Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, to explain, amend, P*®*1,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several That an additional Duty of Customs of Four Shillings Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation and One Farthing be charged upon every Hundred of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells,

Weight, containing One hundred and Twelve Pounds, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Co-bf Green Glass Bottles, of the Manufacture of the verlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, orpre-European Dominions of the French King, imported tended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought directly from thence into Great Britain, in Ships of up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be the Built of either Country, owned and navigated ac- reduced to, and made Use of, as Wool again. Mat-cording to Law. trafles or Beds Huffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second for cpmbing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and To-Time, were, upon the Question severally put there- bacto Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the upon, agreed to by the House. Isles of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, Sark, and Man, into

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Nine Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act,

First of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King

Henry the Eighth, intituled,tc An Act for the winding " of Wool,’

stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rose, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein, for better securing the Duties on Sope.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for preventing the Use of false Weighrs and Scales by Persons dealing in Exciseable Commodities.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for allowing Officers of Excise to take Samples of Rum, and for preventing the re-landing of Rum shipped as Stores.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for ascertaining the Time within which Complaints shall be laid in Cafes of Sales by Auction being rendered void through Defect of Title.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for subjecting Persons possessed of Urenfils used in the Manu/afture of Exciseable Commodities to the Payment of the Duties of Excise in Arrear.

72.

Committee on

Jndci

Bill.

tiwny

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Upon the Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purp and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the being pro-

posed. That the said Bill be new read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put, That the Word ct now stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Teller, for the Tear, f *£

Tellers for the Noes, |

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be

made to the Bill; viz. (

Pr. £. 1. jj. After " Britain to insert " or out " of any of the said Isles."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, -Shortlings, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, and other

Manufactures,

4$4 19° — 20° Mail. A. 1788.

Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of House, to confxder of the several Laws now in be-Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, ing, respecting the Duties payable on Spirituous Li-so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of, quors. '

as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds ftu(fed with combed Re/olved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Full- Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

ing Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this King- whole House, to consider further of the Supply grant-

dom, and from the Ides of Jersey, Guernsey, Alderney, ed to His Majesty. Sark, and Man,into Foreign Parts j and for rendering That this House will, upon Wednesday

more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the

Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means

An Act for the winding of Wool." for raising the Supply granted to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Pbelips do carry the Bill to the Re/olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-Lords, and desire their Concurrence. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable upon the County £l«e- The Order of the Day being read, for taking into Importation of all Wine, except Wine the Produce

committed? further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the European Dominions of the French King,

of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better German, and Hungary, Portugal, and Madeira Wine,

securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the County Elections, was committed; Dominions of the King of Spain.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Re/olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-That the Amendments made by the Committee to the ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole said Bill be now read a Second Time; House, to consider of the Duty upon Coaches, and

It palfed in the Negative. other Carriages, the Manufacture of the European

And the House being informed that several other Dominions of the French King, imported directly

Amendments are necessary to be made to the said from thence in built or French-bu\\t Ships.

Bill j Re/olved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a House, to consider of rewarding Officers of the Re-Committee of the whole House. venue, on Account of Vessels and Boats bein£ broke

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, re- up when seized and condemned, solve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider further of the said Bill. And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

considered. The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Parry took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Parry reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same Ordered, That the Report be now received. r^Port*d- Mr. Parry accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his That the Serjeant at Arms attending

Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lob-Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the by, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Hall, and summon the Members there to

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- attend their Service in the House immediately, tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the And he went accordingly; and returned.

House. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending

Ordered, That the Bill, with she Amendments, be this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the ingrossed. Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

« And he went accordingly; and returned.

Couimittte on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this Lottery Bill. to refolVe itself into a Committee of the whole House, House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain bers of this House in Hall, and clear the

Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, be now same of all Strangers, and summon the Members fead. there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to

And the said Order being read accordingly; attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if

The House resolved itself into the said Committee, he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee. into his Custody.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. And he went accordingly.

Mr .-Gilbertreported from the Committee, That they And being returned, he reported, That there was no

had gone through the Bill, and made several Amend- Person in the said Places or Passages. ments thereunto, which they had directed him to And the Names of the Committee, appointed to report, when the House will please to receive the be Managers at the Trial of Warren Haft ing!, Esquire, fame. were called over; and they went to the Places in West-

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow minster Hall appointed for them.

Morning. Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be prefenc at the Committee on The other Orders of the Day being read; said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members, were called over by the Clerk,

by

ing'thtD^tie* Re/olved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-cn Spirituous ;nc resolve itself -into a Committee of the whole

Liquors dc-ferred.

Mart is, 200 die Maii , Anno 28* Georgii III'*/ Regis, 1788. Prayers.

Supply defier^ red.

Ways and Means do* ferred.

Committee on Wine Duties defined.

Committee oa French Carriages Duty

deferred*

Committee to consider of rewarding Revenue Officers deferred.

Trial of Mr. Hastings.

4 8 Geo. III.

io" Mail.

485

fell for regulating tho Trials of Controverted Ele&ion$, committed.

by their Counties, as usual; and thej'werit into West- Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the En-minster Hall accordingly. ~ couragement of the Southern Whale Fishery, and for

And, being returned; making further Provisions for that Purpose; without

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lord*

A Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of House, That their Lordships will proceed further in controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to the Trial of Warren , Esquire, Tomorrow MrHafting»*»

Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Trial.

Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

serve in Parliament, was read a Second Time; Resolved, That the Bill be Committed.

Rtjolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House Will, tfpon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

i?ivrtey Bridge Mr. Daniel Parker Coke reported from thfc Com-Bili reported. mittee, to whom the Bill for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Saw ley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the larrie to be true; and thac the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Tablet Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Ingrossed.

Tynttlloutl) IncIoAire Bill Ifcpoited.

Sir William Middleton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of , other-

wife Tynembutbshire, otherwise Tynemouth with -thouthshire, in the County of Northumberland, was committed; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th o f April 1774, relative to Bills oflnclosure, had been complied with; and that the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Eight Farms

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the indemnity Bill Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Kfwfedi indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualif/ themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving fur-> ther Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. William Wyndham Grenville prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The Weji ,into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions: And the same was received; and read the Firfi Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

West Indit

and Quebec Trade Bill prtfemed.

and One Half, entitled to Right of Common on the

Tands to be inclosed; and that the whole Number of Farms entitled to Right of Common on the Lands intended to be inclosed consist and that no

Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); Sr.d that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House,

A Clause was offered'to be added to the Bill, for Iccuring the Boundaries of some of the Townships.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the B

Ordered, Thac the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

rds A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. reeJ t» Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Fishery y^ for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth

Vox.. XL III.~

Committee on Second hx-piling Laws BUI,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation certain Species of British and IriJ}) Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr, Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

M r.Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through, the Bill, Snd made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry to the LBuno^tccatry

the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, inticuled. An Act to Gi>£<-

C H enable

48<S

20

0

Mail.

A. 1788.

enable the Guardiah of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baro- latine of and for making more effectual Pro-.

net, an Infant, and also Francis Glynne, Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of Jtbn Conway Glynne, Esquire, deceased, and the "Will of Sir John Glynne, Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leases of the Coal and other Mines within the said Estates, and acquaint their Lordships, that this House bath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Robert Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry to the ®'ir,°n'oca"7 Lords the ingrossed Bill to explain and amend an Act, Paving Bin made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of Christchurch, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish, and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

to the Lords.

vision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale to

Winwick.

Ordered, That Mr. Blacklurne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence,.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, For the House Commirntt# to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, jere* to consider of rewarding Officers of the Revenue, on veuwOfiw*. Account of Vessels and Boats being broke up, when seized and condemned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

lottery Bill Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the1 reported. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was committed; the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place;'and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments

were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, such Sums have been paid j

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, ParticuUrAi* That there be laid before this House, a particular Account of the Expenditure of the Money advanced to IhcMoneyii-Mtfirs. Wallis and Froward, Solicitors for the Im- VJnced,0 peachment against Warren Hnjting Esquire, and of fheimptih. such other E.xpences and Charges as have been in- mem again! curred by the said Solicitors on Account of the said Prosecution, to the 15th Day of May 1788, inclusive, dating, specifically, to whom and on what Account

Bolton RoadU Bill passed.

One by One-, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, }

Tellers for the Noes, Smith

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

60.

*7*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee m to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Wme Duties-

to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said *o consider of the Duties payable upon the Importa-Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr tien of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Pa- European Dominions of the French King, RbentJIs, Ger-latine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual man, and Hungary, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Do-except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale minions of the King of Spain, be now read.

to Winwick, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 41.1. 9. After " Money" to insert " or who " shall have already advanced and " lent Money upon the Credit of " the said former Act, and which " now remains due and owing " thereupon."

1. 25. To leave out "Tolls," and insert " former Acts" instead thereof." And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they

had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^nciVc"' to consider of the Duty upon Coaches and other Car- Msts riages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions

in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- of the French King, imported directly from thence in jesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a ~

certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Pa-

British-built or French-built Ships, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

x Mr.

II. 1

a8 Geo. III. 20° — -21° Mail.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Orders of the Day being read 1 Debtors and Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-?rfdi,0T* Bill >ng next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole deire . House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Jlegulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors.

Committee on Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-"n*th^Duties *n§* re^ve itself into a Committee of the whole onSpirituou* House, to consider of the several Laws now in being Liquors de- respecting the Duties payable on Spirituous Liquors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 210 5 Anno 28° Georgii ill*11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Trial of Mr. /ORDERED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending Waitings. v/ tjjs pjoufe> do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent* and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this iHouse, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjearit at Arms attending this eHouse, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-,bers of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the ’ same of all Strangers, and summon the Members

there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, j if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages,

who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately > into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Yt Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair, jjt Then the Members were called over by the Clerk,

by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly, jtf;!' And., being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

y-

jg-i streetmarshal, Mr. Keene reported from the Committee, to whom £,1 Bill for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields

re* " and Waste Lands within the Manors of Streetmarjhal, Tirymynech, and Deyt in the County of mery, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Dean and Chapter of the Cathedral Church of Ckrijl in Oxford, of the Foundation of King Henry the

Eighth, was referred; That the Committee had examined, and found that the Standing Orders of the House, of the 25th of April 1774, relative to Bills of Inclosure, had been complied with, and that the Committee. had considered the said Petition, and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except the Owners of Lands rated to the Land Tax at 41. 17j. a Year, who refused to sign the Bill, and of Lands rated at £.32. 15 9</*

who declared themselves neuter, and of Lands rated at J. 10 a Year, who could not be met with; and

that the Whole of the Property of the Persons interested in the Inclosure is rated at 691. is. n a Year; and that no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’9 Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossfed. 1

An ingrossed Bill for taking down and re-building the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Yards and Conveniences thereto, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for taking down and re-building the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prothonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms; and other Offices and Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for making proper Yards and Conveniences thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for <c repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament,

" made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty*

" eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King " George the Second, as relate to the Road from the ct End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through H'oor, in the County of Salop, to Nantw, in the County of *c Chester, and from Nantwich to and from

,l thence through Tarvin, in the said County of " Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the t( same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the Cross in Tarvin aforesaid," as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, Was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act * for repealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road " from the End of the County of Stafford, in the " Post Road towards the City of Chester, through " Woor, in the County of Salop, to Nantwich, in the

*c County

P

1

Chester CaoJ Bill passed.

Stafford and Chcller Road* Bill passed.

a 1® M

A. 1788.

" County of Chester, and from Nantwich to Tarpotley, The House being Informed that Mr. , from p»p«,wuting

« and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County the Directors of the East India Company, attended at to sirEiijib " of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented

« effectually repairing, widening, and supporting the to the House, pursuant to their Orders*

*< same Road; and also for repairing and widening N° 1. Copy of the Bond entered into, on the Part the Road from Northioich,in the said County of of the East India 'Company, by Warren Hafiings, Edward Wbtler, and "John Esquires, oh the

of the Appeal in the Cause of

" Chester, to the Cross in ‘Earvaforesaid," as relates

to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for including the Road from Vicker's Cross to the Turnpike Road leading from Flookerjbrook Bridge to in the said

Third District.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defite their Concurrence-.

Shrewsbury nnd Wrexham Roads Bill

palTccL

An ingrossed Bill to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and the Roads from Wrexham to Chester, and also from ton to Mold, in the County of Flint, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and also for the making and repairing a Road from the said Road between Wrexham and Chester, to the present Turnpike Road from Wrexham to Ruthin, in the said County of Denbigh, was read the Third Time.

granting of the Appeal in Begum agairtft Cauxee Sadhi and others t And also,

N° a. A Book, containing the Proceedings In the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William In Bengal, in a Cause between Nauderab BegUtn against Cau-zee Sadhi and others, transmitted to England under1 the Seal of the said Court.

Together with a List of the said Paper and Book.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Book db lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of th4 House.

The said Paper and Book are preserved amongst

the other Papers of this Session.

Sir Matthew White Ridley reported from the Com* tyneSkipptrt mittee, to whom the Bill for establishing a perfriahent Bill reported. Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River who, by Sick*

Rcjohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age,

be, An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewsbury to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of and feve-

ral other Roads therein mentioned; and for making and repairing a Road from the said Wrexham and Chester Road, to the Wrexham and Ruthin Road, in the said County of Denbigh.

Ordered, That Mr. Crewe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lords hast ayretd to

Birmingham Road Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Hclford and Mr. Fames:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts,

shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

Mr, Henry Thornton reported from the Committee, so«<Wk

passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late to whom the Bill for enabling the Commissioners for P»«ngBil* Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, Streets and L.anes within the Town and Borough of

Doncaster and T adcaster Road Bill.

Derby Bridge

Bill

Tbt Lords have passed Earl L’amdep's Etlate Bill.

The Lords

will proceed Tu-monow on Mr. Haftine&'t Trial.

through Elmdon,to a Lane leading by the End of

Stone Bridge, in the said County; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for re-building the Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, in the Manner therein mentioned, Building Leases of the Prebendal Lands at KentifijTown, in the County of Middlesexto which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Ha Esquire, Tomorrow

Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Wefim Hall, And then the Messengers withdrew.

Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the Coun-

ty of Surrey, and for cleaning,

lighting, and watch-

ing the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Division in the said Act described, was committed;

That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An ffuiietNa Act for naturalizing Daniel Nantes, was read a Second

BlUWi

I ime.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be committed

to Mr.

Pocbin,

Stage Coach Paitengers Bill commuted*

Bill for regulating the Trials of Controverted Elections* deferred*

West India and Quebec Trade Bill committed*

Committee on Laws relief} -ing the Duties on Spirituous liquors.

Motion for appointing a Committee to enquire into the Expenditure of Money voted for the Works at Somerset House.

28 Geo. III. 210

Pocbin, Mr. Jackson, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

A Bill for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gamon, Mr. Pye, See.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and all who come to the Committee are to have Voices.

The House was moved. That the Order made Yesterday, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow Morning, upon the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Bill to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in ‘The West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Laws now in being, respecting the Duties payable on Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed. That a Committee be appointed to enquire into the Expenditure of the several Sums of Money voted by Parliament for carrying on the Works at Somerset Hou/e, and into the Checks which have been,

or which ought to be, established for the Controul of that Expenditure, and also into the probable future Expence of compleating the said Works, and to report the same to the House, with their Observations thereupon;

And the previous Question being proposed. That that Question be now put;

The House was moved, That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 10th Day of April 1786, of the Order, " That there be laid before this House, " an Estimate of the further Total Expence of compleating the Buildings at Somerset Hou/e, with the " Offices, Furniture, and other Things belonging

thereto," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly. ’

Yol. XLIII.

Mail. 489

Then the previous Question being put. That the said proposed Question be now put;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

Tdkrs for the Yeas. j I *

Tellers for the Noes, j j 7«-

So it pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the Minutes and Proceedings of the Board of Treasury, respecting the Issue of Money, from Time to Time, for carrying on the Buildings at Somerset Hou/e, and the Mode adopted for examining and accounting for the Expenditure thereof.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums which have been issued to Sir William Chambers, in each Year, for the Buildings at Somerset Hou/e, ftiewing to what Periods the Accounts of the Expenditure of the same have been examined and audited, and by whom.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copies of the several Reports made by the Board of Works, or any other Person or Persons, respecting the Work done, and Materials used, under the Direction of Sir William Chambers, at Somerset Hou/e, and the Money expended by him in the fame.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, the Plan of the Buildings at Somerset Hou/e, and an Account, specifying what Parts thereof remain to be completed, and the probable Expence of the fame, as far as it can at present be ascertained.

A Petition of Edward Henvill, late Captain of Marines, now confined in His Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner lately applied to the Lords of the Treasury, praying that they would intercede with His Majesty to give His Consent, that a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for compounding a Debt due from the Petitioner to the Crown, should be received by this House; and that the Petitioner having but very lately received Intimation, that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give such Consent, could not present his Petition to the House for Leave to bring in a Bill within the Time limited by the Order of the House for presenting Petitions for private Bills; And therefore praying. That he may have Leave to present a Petition, for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That, in Consideration of the particular. Circumstances set forth in the said Petition, Leave be given to present a Petition, as desired by the said Edward Henvill.

Then a Petition of Edward Henvill, late Captain of Marines, a Prisoner in His Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet, together with a Certificate thereunto annexed, being offered to be presented to the House;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by H*s Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Petition was brought up, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner was bred up and served in the Marines with an unblemiffied Character for Twenty-one Years and upwards, and, in Consequence of such Services, was appointed Squad Officer at Plymouth; and that the Petitioner, as his Predecessors had done before him, executed the Duties of his Office by the Clerks who had been long employed therein, and trusting too much to their Management, great Frauds were practised in the said Office, for

6 I which

Previous

Questioa

Nc|.

Treasurj Minutes, &c. respecting the Buildings at Somerset House* ordered

Mt. HenviIPi Petition for Leave to present a Petition for compounding a Debt due to the Crown*

Leave given.

Mr. Henviir$ Petition*

Rrport Win«

4i* Mail A. 1788.

which the Petitioner Was prosecuted, and imprisoned for One Year, and a Fine of £. 1,000 to His Majesty was also imposed upon the Petitioner, which he hath paid j and that the Petitioner being called upon for Payment of the Sum of £.2,517. 9 9 being the

Amount of the Money of which the Crown had been so defrauded, and not being able to pay the fame. Extents were issued against him, and, by virtue thereof, the whole Fortune of which the Petitioner was then in Possession was seized into His Majesty’s Hands, and the same (except the Reversion herein after mentioned) being fold, and the Produce thereof applied in Discharge of the said Debt of £. 2,517* 9J. gd. the same was thereby fully satisfied i and that, by an Inquisition taken by the Sheriff of the County of Dorset, on the 28th Day of September 1785, by virtue of One of the said Writs of Extent, it was found that the Petitioner was seised or possessed, or entitled to, the Reversion in Fee of a Messuage or Tenement and Corn Mill, with several Closes of Meadow or Pasture, expectant on the Death of his Mother, Elizabeth Henvill, Widow, situate, lying, and

being at Puncknowle, in the said County of then in the Possession of John Stevens, of the clear Yearly Value of £. 28, and that the Petitioner’s Interest therein was then worth, to be sold, the Sum of £. 600 j and that the Petitioner being afterwards called upon for the Payment of £. 1,813. 8r. 5 which had come to his Hands, in order to pay for certain Slops furnished to the Marine Corps, and which the Petitioner, owing to his Property having been so seized, and applied as aforesaid, was unable to pay, another Writ of Extent was issued against him, by virtue whereof he is now detained in Prison for the said Debt of £. 1,813. 5 d.iand that, during the Petitioner’s

Imprisonment, he had an Opportunity of making his Escape, owing to an Inlurre&ion amongst the Felons in the Gaol of Exeter, where he was then confined, but, so far from availing himself of the Means of Escape which then offered, the Petitioner, at the Risk of his Life, prevented the other Prisoners, to the Amount of Fifty, Six of whom were afterwards executed, from making their Escape; and that the Petitioner’s Fortune having been exhausted by the Payment of the said Fine, and by his Property having been seized and applied as aforesaid, he is become ln-solvent, and, his Health being greatly impaired by a Three Years Imprisonment, he hath no possible Means of paying any Part of the Money so due to the Crown, except by the Sale of his reversionary Interest in the said Hereditaments and Premifies, so found by the said Inquisition, and seized into His Majesty’s Hands as aforesaid, and he is therefore desirous that the same should be veiled in Trustees to be sold, and the Purchase Money applied in Discharge of the said Debt lo remaining due to the Crown as aforesaid: And therefore praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the Petitioner’s reversionary Interest of and in the said Hereditaments and Premifies, so by the said Inquisition found, and seized into His Majesty’s Hands as aforesaid, and all other the Freehold, Copy-hold, and Leasehold Estates of the Petitioner, in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money by such Sale in Discharge of the said Debt, and that the same may be accepted as a Composition for, and in full Satisfaction of, the said Debt, or for relieving the Petitioner in such other Manner as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-

ferred to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King

German, and Hungary, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place*; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, do cease, determine;, and be no longer paid or payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, imported into the Port of London in Ships.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Thirty-three Pounds Twelve Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain,or of any of the Dominions of the King

of Spain, imported into the Port of London in Foreign Ships.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, having been imported into the Port of London, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America,or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-four Pounds Thirteen Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, having been imported into the Port of London, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-five Pounds Four Shillings be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain,

or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, in British-built Ships.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-nine Pounds Eight Shillings be charged* upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the 4. Produce

Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine,

and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, in Foreign Ships.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-five Pounds Four Shillings be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain,or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, having been imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty Pounds Nine Shillings and Six Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira W'ine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain,or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, having been imported into any Port of Great Britain, except the Port of London, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, imported into the Port of London, in British-built Ships, and entered for Prisage.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-four Pounds Six Shillings and Nine Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, German, and

Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, imported into the Port of London, in Foreign Ships, and entered for Prisage.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, having been imported into the Port of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Seventeen Pounds Seventeen Shillings and One Penny be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all W'ine, except Wine of the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, having been imported into the Port of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Planta-

tien in America, or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Eighteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine* except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, imported into any Port of England, except the Port of London, in built Ships, and en-

tered for Prisage.

Resolved, That it is' the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Twenty-one Pounds Eleven Shillings and Ten Pence be charged upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, imported into any Port of England, except the Port of London, in Foreign Ships, and entered for Prisage.

Re/ohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Eighteen Pounds Sixteen Shillings and Ten Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and Fifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European. Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine

of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominion* of the King of Spain, having been imported into any Port of England, except the Port of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any British Colony of Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fifteen Pounds and Seven Pence be allowed upon every Ton, containing Two hundred and f ifty-two Gallons, of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, having been imported into any Port of England, except the Port of London, and entered for Prisage, exported to any Place, except to any British Colony or Plantation in America, or to any British Settlement in The East Indies.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Seventeen Pounds Seventeen Shillings be charged upon every Ton of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, which shall be imported into Great Britain, and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity, to be paid by the Importer thereof, before the landing thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Fourteen Pounds Seven Shillings be allowed upon every Ton of Foreign Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain,or of any of the Dominions of the King of

Spain,which shall be exported from Great Britain to any British Settlement in The East Indies, or 10 any British Colony or Plantation in as Merchan-

dize; and so in Proportion for any greater, or lesser Quantity.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback of Five Pounds Thirteen Shillings

be

2i° Mail. A. 1788.

Report Fitnch

Carnages

lvurj.

.be allowed upon every Ton of Foreign Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Por-

tugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain,or of any of the Dominions of the King of , which shall be exported from Great Britain, as Merchandize, to any other Part or Place beyond the Seas; and so in Proportion for any greater or lesser Quantity.

The laid Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Steele, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Mr.

ward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Morn-ingten, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Roje, and Mr. Gilbert, do prepare, and bring in,

the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties payable on the Exportation of White Woollen Cloth.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The House was moved, That the Two last of the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act <c for repealing the several Duties of Customs and *' Excise, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, tc and for applying the said Duties, together with the " other Duties composing the Public Revenue} for " permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of ‘c the European Dominions of the French King, into " this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed " Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to the Reduction of *r the National Debt," as relates to the Duties on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and to the Duties on Auctions 5 and were then agreed to by the House, might be read.

And the same were, as agreed to by the House, read accordingly} and are as followeth}

u Resolved, That the Duties, under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise in Great Britain, " on Foreign Green Glass Bottles, imported into this " Kingdom, do cease, determine, and be no longer " paid or payable."

Resolved, " That an additional Duty of Customs, " of Four Shillings and One Farthing, be charged " upon every Hundred Weight, containing One " hundred and Twelve Pounds, of Green Glass " Bottles of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly " from thence into Great Britain in Ships of the " Built of either Country, owned and navigated according to Law."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein pursuant to the said Resolutions,

Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duty upon Coaches, and other Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence in British-bo\\t or built Ships,

the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read} and is as followeth } viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Fifteen Pounds, and no more, be charged upon every One hundred Pounds of the true and real Value of every Coach, Chariot, Landau,

Berlin, Chaise, or any other Carriage, of the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence into this Kingdom in British-built or French-built Ship%.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction lo the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Resolutions this Day reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable upon the Importation of all Wine, except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain, That they do make Provision in the said Bill pursuant to the Resolution now reported and agreed to by the House.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Rfpoitrefpea. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of rewarding Officers of the Revenue, on Account of Vessels and Boats being broke up when seized and condemned, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read } and are as followeth } viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Provision be made for rewarding Officers on Account of Vessels and Boats, seized and condemned for Offences against the Revenue of Customs and Excise, being broken up.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Use of Tub Boats, and other Boats employed in illicit Trade, be prohibited.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Gentlemen, That they do make Provision in the said Bill for authorizing the Delivery, in certain Cafes, of Goods seized in the British Plantations.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the SecondEipV-Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to ^g^sSuI continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns 1 made of Flax } and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts} and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Se-8 cond

AmericanLoy* aliftt Com mi ffioners Bill ordered.

Florida Commissionert Bill ordered.

Committee to

contider of

State of Natives of Africa during their llage to the Welt ladies, Uc,

reported.

Bill ordered.

Instru£H«n for repaying adili-tionaJ Duty on Licenses for , retailing Spirituous Liquors.

2$ Geo. III. 2i° — 22° 495

cond Time, One by One; and, ' upon the Question who have paid the additional Duty on Licenses for severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the retailing Spirituous Liquors, and have not had Ale House. Licenses renewed by Justices of the Peace, the Mo-

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ney paid by them for such Licenses since the Expi-ingrossed. ration of their Ale Licenses.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And that Mr. Ro/e, Mrl Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Ccflion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And that Mr. Roje, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State and Condition of the Natives of Africa during their Passage, in British Ships, from the Coast of Africa to their landing in America, the West India Islands, or elsewhere.

’ The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Martin took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Martin reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Martin accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing certain temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere.

And Mr. Martin moved the House accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for providing certain temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere: And that Mr. Martin, Sir William D, and Mr. Whitbread, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill pursuant to the Nine first of the Resolutions which, upon Monday last, were reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of so much of an Act, made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, "An Act for " repealing the several Duties of Customs and Excise, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for applying the said Duties, together with the " other Duties composing the Public Revenue; for " permitting the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Produce or Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French " King, into this Kingdom; and for applying certain unclaimed Monies, remaining in the Exchequer for the Payment of Annuities on Lives, to " the Reduction of the National Debt," as relates to the Dudes on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in Great Britain, and to the Duties on Auctions, That they do make Provision in the said Bill, for enabling the Commissioners of Excise to re-pay to Persons Vol. XIJII.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides P*6®*^ and Skins dressed in Oil, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

And tften the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, 2 a0 die Mal

Anno 28s Georgii III,a Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

SIR Robert Laurie reported from the Committee, DumfrieiRowl so whom the Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by ''At Bridge to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to repot c to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. James Lowther presented to the House, accord- Whitehaven ing to Order, a Bill for continuing an Act made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Ma- pretested, jesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to " the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of berland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of llWitehaven-, and for further " enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the " said Town, and supplying the same with Water;

" and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-third " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to " the Road from Colder Bridge to and di-

" resting how the said Road shall be repaired; and " for repairing several other Roads therein mention'

" ed, in the said County And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, Com ReguU. to whom the Bill to explain and amend an Act made ‘'‘"fr11* in the Twenty-first Year of the Reign of His present *one Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " and ascertaining the Importation and Exportation'

" of Corn and Grain within several Ports and Places " therein mentioned," was committed; and to whom the Petition of several Innholders, Coachmasters, and Livery Stable Keepers, whose Names are there-

6 K unto

494 22° Maii. 1788*

unto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and others, Consumers of Oats, within the Cities of London and Westminster, and the County of was referred j

That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, and had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place} and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Two Months.

Ordered, That the said pill, with the Amendments, be printed.

Accounts re* Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the lobe8 rinud ^evera^ Accounts which were presented to the House p upon the 4th Day of December last, by Mr. Irving, Inspector General of the Exports and Iifiports of Great Britain, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the , Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts which were presented to the House upon the 27th Day of February last, by Mr. Alcock, from the Commissioners of the Customs in Scotland, be printed, a9 shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Sawioy Bridge An ingrossed Bill for building a Bridge over the Bin paflid. River Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.

Ordered, That Mr. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Streeimaiflial, . An ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Rai Initdfut* Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Ma- nors of Streetmarjhal, Tirymyntch, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands, within the Manors of Streetmarftjal, Tirymynecb, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery.

Ordered, That Mr. Keene do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Trial of Mr. Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending Meltings, this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to IV estminsterHall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the.House immediately.

And he wenc accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Ilall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, lie reported, That there was no Perl’on in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at die Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in West* niinster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerjc, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker refuined the Chair.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of1 Account of all Kind of Grain and Flour imported £irai|\»n<) into the Port of Liverpool ', for the last Seven Years, imoTiveryooi, ending January ift, 1788, and specifying whether in British or Foreign Vessels.

The House being informed that Mr. Ramjay, from Pap«rindAe-the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in} and, at the Bar, pre- presented. fented to she House, purfuapt to thetr Orders,

N° 1. Copies of all Correspondence between the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, and the Directors of the East India Company, or between their Secretaries, for their Information, since the passing of an Act, made in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing the several Duties on Tea, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu.

" thereof} and also several Duties on inhabited Houses, and upon the Importation of Cocoa Nuts " and Coffee, and for repealing the Inland Duties of " Excise thereon," relative to, or in Consequence of, the Directions and Regulation^ of that Act: And also,

N# a. An Account of the Quantity of Tea in the Warehouses of the East India Company, previous to the Arrival of the first Ship (the JVycombe) of this.

Seafon} carefully distinguishing the Sorts: And also,

N° 3. An Account of Mie Quantity and Sorts of Tea imported last Year, 1787, on the Twenty-seven Ships which arrived from China: And also,

N° 4. An Account of the Quantity and Sorts of Tea expected this Year by the last Advices from China: And also,

N° 5. An Account of the Number and Tonnage of the Ships laden in China for the Edijl India Company, in the Season 1786-7: And also,

N° 6. An Account of the Cost, as per Invoice, in China, of the Cargoes laden, on the East India Company’s Account, in the Season 1786-7: And also,

N° 7. An Account of the Number and Tonnage of Ships that are consigned, by the East India Company, to China, for the Season 1788-9: And also,

N° 8. An Account of the Quantity and Sorts of Tea fold on Account of the East India Company, and of private Trade, since September 1784, after the Commencement of the Commutation Act; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 9. An Account of the Quantity and Cost of Tea imported by the East India Company, from the Continent of Europe,since the Commutation Act:

And also,

N° 10. An Account of the Amount of the Silver lent from England to China in the East India Company’s Ships, on Account of the Company or of private Persons, for the Purpose of lending the Company in China for Bills, since the Commencement of the Commutation Act; distinguishing the Amount in each.

Season: And also,

N° 11. An Account of the Amount of the Bills drawn from China since the Commencement of the Commutation Act, and of those expected this Season by the last Advices: And also,

N° 12. An Account of the Average Quantity of x Tea

2i° Mail

CovemOmtkn Church Bill icpoited.

The l-ortT* will proceed on Tuesday on Mr. Hatting'* Tiial.

Parer and Accounts re-Jating to Tea, &c. to be printed*

Committee on Mr. Henvill's Petition.

a8 Geo. III.

Tea imported by the East India Company, from 1773 to 17 83/ and the Amount Annually paid for the same, in China: And also,

N° 13. An Account of the Annual Amount of Tea brought by the Foreign Companies of Europe from China, from 1773 to 1783*. And also,

N° 14. An Account of the Debts of the East India Company in England, exclusive of the Transfer of /»-dian Debt, as they flood on the ift of March 1787, and on the.iftof March 1788, and as they will stand on the iftof March 1789, according to such Estimate as can now be made thereof: And also,

N° 15. An Account of the Amount of the 1 a. ioj. per Cent. Duty on Tea, from September 178410 March 1788; distinguishing each Year: And also,

N° 16. An Account of the Gross Revenue from Tea, and the Net Revenue, after Drawbacks paid, for Five Years previous to the Commutation Act.

Together with a List of the said Paper and Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper and Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Account N" 14 be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper and Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Fox reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the present Watch-house, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had di-rested him to report to the House'; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrolled.

A MelT.ige from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren tiajlings, Esquire, on next,

at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the Paper and AccountsrN°’ 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 13, 15, and 16, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Ramjay, from the Directors of the East India Company, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houl£, to consider of the Petition of Edward late

Captain of Marines, a Prisoner in His Majesty’s Prison of the Fleet together with a Certificate thereunto an-

nexed, be now read. - .

495

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House refolycd itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Phelips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House willpleafe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Phelips accordingly reported from the said reported. Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for veiling the Estates of Edward in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money ariffng by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

And Mr. Phelips moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered, for veiling the Estates of Edward Henvill in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown: And that Mr. Phelips and Mr. Browne do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney General do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to ^^0^, whom it was referred to Consider of the several Laws on Spirituous now in being respecting the Dudes payable on Spiri- KV*or». tuous Liquors,

Mr. Attorney General accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed to be reported to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to " discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of " the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Horne Consumption, and for granting and securing the " due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum " and Spirits imported from The West ," be continued for a Time to be limited.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty, at and after the Rate of Three Pounds per Annum, be charged for and upon every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, during such Time as the same shall be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, or Cyder, or Perry, of other Walh or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds per Annum, be charged for and upon every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, during such Time as the same shall be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, in that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty, at and after the Rate of Six Pounds per Annum, be charged for and upon every Gallon of the Cubical Content of each and every Still,* including the Head, during such Time as the same shall be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits front Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials (except -Melasses

496 22° Mali. . 1788.

and Sugar) or any Mixture therewith, iu that Part of Great Britain called England, to be exported to that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to discorttinue, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits,

" and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof," be continued for a Time to be limited.

Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That $ Yearly Duty, at and after the Rate of Three Pounds, be charged for and upon every Gallon,

lijbWine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed for making Low Wines or Spirits from Corn, Grain, Malt, Tilts, or Cyder, or Perry, or other Walh or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or any Mixture therewith, or

which shall be erected, kept, or used within the entered Warehouses of any Distiller or Maker of Corn Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Yearly Duty, at and after the Rate of Five Pounds, be charged for and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed for making Low Wines, or Spirits, from Melasses or Sugar, or any Mixture therewith, or which shall be erected, kept, or used, within the entered Warehouses of any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Yearly Duty, at and after the Rate of Six Pounds, be charged for and upon every Gallon, English Wine Measure, of the Cubical Content of each and every Still, including the Head, which shall be used or employed for making Low Wines, or Spirits, from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials (except Me-laffes and Sugar) or any Mixture therewith, or which shall be erected, kept, or used, within the entered Warehouses of any Distiller or Maker of Spirits in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty of Two Shillings and Nine Pence per Gallon be laid upon all Spirits brewed or made from Corn, Malt, Grain, or Tilts, or from Cyder, Perry, or other Walh or Liquor made or brewed from any Sort of British Materials, or from Worts or Walh made

from Melasses or Sugar, or from Foreign Refused Wine, or Foreign Cyder, or Walh prepared from Foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, of the Strength of One to Ten over Hydrometer Proof, which shall be imported into England from that Part of Great Britain called Scotland.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question'severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr.

Roje, Mr. Steele, and Mr. , do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

c»mbriJi;e Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Wr,u the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town of Cambridge, in the County of Cambridge, in the room of John Mortlock, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Town, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three

Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Dejloro, and Boren bam,

in the County of Buckingham.

The House being informed that Mr. P»pnrelating

One of the Clerks of the Privy Council, attended at J^Sir El|*h the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, pre- rented/ fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A State of the Proceedings, on the Appeal to His Majesty in Council, in the Cause of Begum

against Cauzee Sadbi, and others, from Bengal.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Paper was read.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House,.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of thd House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That there belaid before this House, an Account of Account of the Cost of Goods exported by the East India Company to China, from the Year 1773 to the Sa,ordered. Year 1787, each inclusive.

The House was moved, That the Order made upon Committ«oa Fhurjdaylaft, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Tomorrow, to consider ptydcfetwd further of the several Articles of Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal, might be read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j Ordered, That the said Order be discharged.

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘ Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the several Persons, who were ordered to attend the said Committee Tomorrow, do attend the said Committee upon Fuejday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employ- *' ’ ments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; and to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, was read the Third Time.

An.ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for indemnifying Persons who have omitted to register Indentures of Appren* ticeship.

And the said Clause was brought up, and read Twice with a Blank.

And it being proposed to fill the said Blank with double the common Duty;

Resolved, That the said Clause be committed Rejohed, That the said Clause be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House upon the said Clause.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Burges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

+ Mr.

28 Geo. III.

2 2° — 2 30

497

Mr. Burges reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the said Clause, and made an Amendment thereunto j which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Burges accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the said Clause, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Clause, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read; and, upon the Ques-tien put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

And the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Wvay of Ryder, for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants and Officers of the Militia who have omitted to deliver in their Qualifications.

And the said Clause was Twice read, with a Blank; which being filled up, the said Clause was read the Third Time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrails of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to {he Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bifl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections, was read the Third Time.

An ingossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing Persons to vote who have leased their Lands for Lives, reserving a Relit of Forty Shillings.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House,

to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Bearcrof do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lordships of Billington and otherwise IVilpshire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn, and Honor of Clitherce, in the Hundred of Blackburn, and County Palatine of was read

the Third Time.

Vol. XLIII.

Resolved, Xhat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lordships of Billington and IVilpshire, otherwise Wilpshire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn, and Honor of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of , and

County Palatine of Lancaster.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackburne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a Lottery Bill certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery, was Paffc<1, read the Third Time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be. An Act for granting to His Majesty a Certain Sum of Money, to be raised by, a Lottery.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

passed.

An ingossed Bill to continue several Laws relating Second Expir-to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of cer- ,n? Law*BlU tain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Papists Deeds and Wiils In-roilment Bill passed*

An ingossed Bill for allowing further Time for inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Dtbtorsand Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the deferred! whole House, upon the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the Regulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Vi eneris, 23° dieMaii; Anno 28* Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Roje do carry to the Lords Mr. R0fc to the ingossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a gj'"oLt""cr7 certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; and Lord*, desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

6 L,

4p8

Mail.

A \ 1788.

Mr. Rose to carry Indemnity Bill to tlje Lords* |

Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Red House near to the

South End of Wakefield. Bridge, and from IVakefield to P and from thence to in the Town-ftiip of and from PenteJraEl to Went bridge, in

Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and the West Riding of the County of York-, without any for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their

Mr. Rose to carry PapitU Deeds and Wills Inroll -ment Bill to the Lords.

Mr. Rose to carry Second Expiring Laws Hill to the Lords,

indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corpora tiens, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be damped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lod or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly damped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attornies and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill for allowing further Time for Inroll-ment of Deeds and Wills made by Papids, and for . Relief of Protedant Purchasers; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Ordered, That Mr. Rose do carry to the Lords the ingrossed Bill to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw

An ingrossed Bill for dividing, allotting, and in- Tynemouth closing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Wade injure Bill Land, called 'Tynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, pa or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemouthshire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire, in the County of Northumberland, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Common Moor or Tract of Waste Land, called Tynemouth Moor, Shire Mcor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Tynemouthflnre, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire, in the County of Northumberland.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for establishing a permanent Fund TyreSkipper* for the Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, BiiipaffeJ. employed on the River Tyne, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and glfo for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Linen Yarns made of Flax, and to the preventing the be, An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the

Mr. Henvill’i Compounding Bill presented.

committing of Frauds by Bankrupts, and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders; and desire the Concurrence of their Lordships thereto.

Mr. Browne prefen ted to the House, according to Order, a Bill forvefting the Estates of Edward Hen-vill in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Relief and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River Tyne, who, by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Ridley do carry

the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Nunes’* Nat. Bill reported, and passed.

An ingrossed Bill for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge, over the River Tyne, between the Town the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act of Newcastle upon Tyne and in the County

for naturalizing Daniel Nantes, was committed; That of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances

in the Streets, Lane6, or Avenues leading; to the said

NeWcaftfeupon

Tyne Bridge BUI passed.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom

E^rl Camden's Eft ate Bill read.

The Lords have agreed to

Doncaster and Wakefield JUadi Bill.

Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, in the Manner therein mentioned, Building Leases of the Prebendal Lands at Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, W3S read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain

new Stone Bridge within the Town of in

the County of Durham, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge, over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gatein the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues leading to the said new Stone Bridge within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew White Ridley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Rofepresented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of

Customs

Wine Duties Sec. Bill presented.

18 Geo. III.

23'

Maii.

4 99

Customs and Excise, payable on the Importation and Tax under the Commutation Act, from September 1784 Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of to March 1788, with the Arrears and Deficiency j dif-the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, tinguishing each Year: And also, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira An Account of the Average Amount of the Window

Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any Tax for Three Years preceding 1784: And also, of the Dominions of the King of Spain) and for An Account of the Amount of the Surcharge subse-granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu there- quest to 1784, on the 013 Window Tax, and of; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green the present actual Receipt t>y the last Returns.

Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an addi- And then he withdrew,

tional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof; for ascer- And the Titles of the said Accounts were read,

taining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of That the said Accounts do lie upon the Ta-

the European Dominions of the French King, import- ble, to be perilled by the Members of the House.

Quarantine BmJ prefen ted.

ed directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

the Commissioners of the Customs, attended at the Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Or- Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to

der, a Bill more effectually to secure the Performance the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient fortheUfe of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The House being informed that Mr. Pearjon, from *"

Consolidated Fund Bill presented.

American LoyalittsCom-roilfioners Bill presented.

East Florida Commissioner* Bill presented.

Excise Bill fommitted.

of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Rojt presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Loiles and Services of all such Persons who have fullered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed,' in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Fuejday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

f;ized.

D%

Gocdi entered

for Exportation to Africa*

Accounts respecting the Window Tax presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Brent, from the Office for Affairs of Taxes, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Quantity of Wool, and Woollen wool and Yarn, seized hi London, and at the Ports therein men- Woollen Yam tioned, in the Years 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787, and condemned; specifying the Nature of the Offence under which each Seizure was prosecuted, and the particular Act of Parliament for the Transgression of which it was condemned: And also.

An Account of the Quantity of Wool, and Woollen Yarn, seized in London, and at the Ports therein mentioned, in the Years 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787, but afterwards discharged; specifying the particular Act of Parliament upon which each Seizure was made:

And also.

An Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the Coast of Africa, from the several Ports of Great Britain, for the Years 177a,

1773, 1774, 177$, and 1776, distinguishing each Port, also distinguishing what Proportion of Goods so exported were British, Foreign, or purchased from the East India Company; also, an Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the Coast of Africa, from the several Ports of Great Britain, for the Years 1783, 1784, 1785, 1786, and 1787, distinguishing each Port, also distinguishing, whac Proportion of Goods so exported were British, Foreign, or purchased from the East India Company:

And also,

An Account of the Value and Amount of Goods entered for Exportation to the Coast of Africa, from the several Ports of Great Britain, for the Years 1777,

1778, 1779, 1780, 1781, and 1782; distinguishing each Port, and what Proportion of Goods so deported were British, Foreign, or purchased from the East India Company: And also,

An Account of the Value and Amount of the Productions of Africa imported into Great Britain, from the Year 1771 to 1788; distinguishing the Productions and Amount for each Year, and the Ports of Importation.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Order of the Day being read, for the Second OtmoorDrain' Reading of the Bill for draining and improving the *frexhreeUt°ff Common or Waste, called Otmoor, within the several Month*. Parishes of Beckley, Noke, Oddington, and Charlton, in the Counties of Oxford and Bucks, or me or One of them, and for dividing and setting out specific Parts thereof, for the several Townships and Hamlets re-

D\

Productions of Africa imported.

An Account of the Actual Receipt of the Window spectively, having a Right of Common thereon;

4 Ordered,

House resolvet to adjourn to Monday.

Taunton Street Bill reported.

King’s Cob-

fcmSgnified.

West India and Quebec - Trade Bill deferred.

Treaty wil Holland pi tented.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Upon this Day Three Months.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of the House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Mr. Alexander Popham reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Sir Benjamin,

Knight, to lay out and build a new Street from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of ‘Taunton, in the County of Somerset, and to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for vetting the present Lane, leading to the said Church, in him and his Heirs, was committed; and to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants and Payers to the Poor of Taunton Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Somerjetand also, the Petition of the Inhabitants and Payers to the Poor of the Parish of Taunton Saint Mary Magdalen, in the County of Somerset, were severally referred; That the Committee had heard Counsel in Support of the said Petitions; and had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to seport to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And Notice being taken, that His Majesty’s Interest is concerned in the said Bill;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, upon the Question severally put thereupon, One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for impowering the Commissioners of the Treasury to agree with Sir Benjamin Hammet for the Sale of Two Pieces of Crown Land.

And the said Clause was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to relblve itself into & Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Rest rictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

liejolved. That this House will, upon- Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

h Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the e" House, by His Majesty’s Command,

Copy of the Treaty of Defensive Alliance between His Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces, signed at the Hague,i\\% 15 th Day of April 1788; and Translation.

Together with a List of the said Papers.

And the said Lift was read.

The said Copy is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session; and the said Translation is as followeth;

1788.

DEFENSIVE Alliance between His Majesty the King of Great Britain, and their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces.

The mutual and sincere Friendship, which has so long subsisted between His Majesty the King of Great Britain and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, having been increased and strengthened by the Interest, which His Majesty has

lately manifested in the Preservation of the Independence of the Republic, and of its legal Constitution, His said Majesty, and the said Lords the States General of the United Provinces, have resolved, in order to cement, in the most solid and lading Manner, the good Harmony, Confidence, and Correspondence between them, to form permanent Engagements, by a Treaty of Defensive Alliance, for the Good of both Parties, and for the Maintenance of the general Tranquillity, as well as of their own in particular: To accomplish so salutary a Purpose, His Majesty the King of Great Britain has named and authorized Sir James Harris, Privy Councillor, Knight of the Bath, Member of the Parliament of Great,

and His Majesty’s Ambassador Extraordinary and Plenipotentiary to their High Mightinesse; and their High Mightinesse the States General of the United Provinces have named and authorized their Deputies for Foreign Affairs; who, after communicating to each other their full Powers in due Form, and having conferred together, have agreed upon the following Articles.

Article I.

There shall be a sincere, firm, and constant Frientl-ship and Union between His Britannick Majesty, His Heirs and Successors, and the Lords the States General of the United Provinces, so that the High Contracting Parties shall direct their utmost: Attention to maintain this mutual Friendship and Correspondence between them, and their Dominions, and Subjects; and they engage to contribute, as far as shall be in their Power, mutually to preserve and defend each other in Peace and Tranquillity.

Article II.

In case either of the High Contracting Parties should be hoftilely attacked by any European Power in any Part of the World whatsoever, the other Contracting Party engages to succour its Ally as well by Sea as by Land, in order to maintain and guaranty each, other mutually in the Possession of all the Dominions, Territories, Towns, Places, Franchises, and Liberties, which belonged to them respectively, before the Commencement of Hostilities.

Article III.

His Britannick Majesty guaranties, in the most effectual Manner, the Hereditary Scadholderate, as well as the Office of Hereditary Governor of each Province, in the Serene House of Orange, with all the Rights and Prerogatives thereto belonging, as forming an essential Part of the Constitution of the United Provinces, according to the Resolutions and Diplomas of the Years 1747 and 1748, by virtue of which the present Stadtholder entered into the Possession of those Offices in 1766, and was re-instated therein in 1788, engaging to maintain that Form of Government against all Attacks and Enterprizes, direct or indirect, of whatever Nature they may be.

Article IV.

The Succours mentioned in the Second Article of this Treaty of Defensive Alliance, shall consist, on the Part of His Britannick Majesty, of Eight thousand Infantry, Two thousand Cavalry, Twelve Ships of the Line, and Eight Frigates; and, on the Part of the States General, of Five thousand Infantry, One thousand

2 30 Mali.

a 8 Geo. . III. if Mail 501

thousand Cavalry, Eight Ships of the Line, and Eight Frigates; which respective Succours shall be furnished in the Space of Two Months after Requisition made by the Party attacked, and shall remain at its Disposal during the whole Continuance of the War in which it shall be engaged, whilst those Succours (whether Ships and Frigates, or Troops) shall be paid and maintained by the Power of whom they shall be required, wherever its Ally shall employ them.

Article V.

In case the stipulated Succours should not be sufficient for the Defence of the Power requiring them, the Power to whom Requisition shall be made shall successively augment them according to the Wants of its Ally, whom it shall assist, even with its whole Force, if Circumstances should render it necessary; but it is expressly agreed, in all Cafes, that the Contingent of the Lords the States General shall not exceed Ten thousand Infantry, Two thousand Cavalry, Sixteen Ships of the Line, and Sixceen Frigates.

Article VI.

But as it may happen (considering the Distance of several of the PolTdiions of the Two High Contracting Parties) that the Advantages which ought to re-luit to them reciprocally from the Conclusion of the present Treaty, may become illusory, unless Measures can be taken for the mutual Defence of those Poffcffions, before their respective Governors could receive Orders from Europe for that Purpose; it is stipulated and agreed, That in case either of them should be hof-tilely attacked, or even menaced with an holtile Attack, in its Possessions, whether in Africa or in by an European Power, the Governors of their Settlements in those Two Parts of the World shall be enjoined to concert together the Succour to be furnished, and, in case of Need, to furnish such Succour, in the most speedy and effectual Manner, to the Party attacked; and that Orders to that.Effect shall be expedited to the said Governors immediately after the Conclusion of the present Treaty: And in case the Two High Contracting Parties should be obliged to furnish -the aforesaid Succours, they shall not permit the Ships of War, of what Nature they may be, of the Power attacking, to enter into any of their Ports in the aforesaid Settlements, until Peace shall be restored between the Party attacking and the Ally of the Contracting Party, unless the said Vessels be forced to take Refuge there, to avoid perishing, or being Ihipwrecked.

Article VU.

If it should happen that the Two High Contracting Parties shall be equally involved in a War against a common Enemy, they reciprocally promise each other not to disarm but by common Consent; and they shall communicate to each other confidentially the Propofals for a Peace, or Truce, which may be made.

Article VIII.

If the High Contracting Parties prefer furnishing their Succours of Troops in Money, they shall be at Liberty on each Side so to do; and then such Succour shall be computed at One hundred thousand Florins, Dutch Currency, per Annum> for One thousand Infantry, ' and at One hundred and Twenty thousand Florins, of the like Value, for One thousand Cavalry, Annum, and in the same Proportion by the Month.

Article IX.

The Power requiring shall be obliged, whether the Ships, Frigates, and Troops, with which it shall have been furnished, remain for a long or a lhort Time in -its Ports, to provide whatever they may want, at the same Price as if they belonged to such Power itself; it has been agreed, that the said Troops or Ships shall pot in any same be at the Expence of the Party requir-

vot. xLni.

ing, but that they shall nevertheless remain at its Disposal, during the whole Continuance of the War in which it shall be engaged; the Succours above-mentioned shall, with respect to Discipline, be subject to the Orders of the Chief Officer who commands them; and they shall not be employed separately, or otherwise than in Concert with the said Commanding Officer: With regard to the Operations, they shall be wholly subject to the Orders of the Commander in Chief of the Power requiring.

Article X.

It is agreed, that until the Two Powers conclude a Treaty of Commerce with each other, the Subjects of the Republick shall be treated, in the Kingdoms of Great Britain and Ireland, as the most favoured Nation* and the same shall be observed in the United Provinces towards the Subjects of His Britannick Majesty:

It is however to be understood that this Article is not to extend to a Diminution of the Import Duties payable upon Linens.

Article XI.

Whereas, by the Fourth Article of the Treaty of Peace signed in the Month of June 1784, His -nick Majesty engaged to treat with the Lords the States General for the Restitution of , with

its Dependencies, in case the said Lords the States General should in future have any Equivalent to give; and whereas their High Mightinesses have how renewed their Request for obtaining that Restitution, as well as for settling and determining precisely the Sense of the Sixth Article of that Treaty, concerning the Navigation of British Subjects in the Eastern Seas; His Britannick Majesty, in order to manifest His good Will towards the Republick, is disposed to concur in these Desires of their High Mightinesses, and even to secure to the Republick additional and real Commercial Advantages in that Part of the World, as soon as an Equivalent for those Objects can be agreed upon; in Return for which His Britannick Majesty will require nothing but what is favourable to the reciprocal Interests and Security of the Contrafting Parties in The Indies: And to prevent the Negociations for such Arrangements from retarding the Conclusion of the present Treaty, it is agreed that they shall be begun as soon as possible, and be concluded in the Space of Six Months from the Date of the present Treaty, and that the Convention to be made thereon shall have the same Force as if it was inserted in the Treaty itself.

Article XII.

The present Treaty shall be ratified on each Side, and the Exchange of the Ratifications shall be made in the Space of Six Weeks, or sooner, if it can be done.

Done at the Hague, the Fifteenth of April One thousand Seven hundred-and Eighty-eight.

(L. S.) James Harris. (L. S.) J, IV. Comte de Welder en.

(L. S.) IV. F. H. Van WaJ-

Jenaer.

(L. S.) L. P. Van de Spiegel. (L. S.) Gillauine de Citters. (L. S.) IV. N. Pejlers.

(L. S.) Charles Bigot.

(L. S.) B. C. Van Voirjt v. Borgel.

Ordered That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The other Order of the Day being read; .

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the several Accounts and Papers which were prefenced to the House upon -6 M dai

Committee OQ

East India Company’s Revenue Accounts.

5oz

2 3° — 16° Mail.

A. 1788.

day last, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the India Company.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Lord Frederick Campbell reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Accounts pre- The House being informed that Mr. , from

feme*. the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

Silver exported N° i. An Account of the Quantity of Silver ex-tochina. ported to China for Five Years previous to the parting of the Commutation Act, if any, distinguishing each Year: And also,

Colt of Goods N° 2. An Account of the Cost of Goods exported China'*W by the East India Company to _China, from the Year Ua' 1773 to the Year 1787, both inclusive: And also,

Fait India N° 3. An Account of all Bills on the East India Company’s Company, including those now due, accepted, or ad-

' s' vised, and stating the Dates at which they were drawn

and accepted, and the Dates of their becoming payable.

Together with a List of the said Accounts.

And then he withdrew.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Accounts be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Luna, 26° Maii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

*n»tehav€iv a BILL for continuing an Act, made in the Se-RoLu Bi?" x\ Gond Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, committed. intituled, c< An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to <c the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cum-<c berland, and to the Roads leading to the said Har-cc bour and Town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said Harbour j and for lighting the said of Town, and supplying the same with Water and for <c regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so " much of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the cc Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road " from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how <c the said Road shall be repaired; and for repairing " several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said cc County," was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. James Lowther, Mr. Crewe, &c.: And they are to meet this , Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

t

Malliirscth, Mr . Parryreported from the Committee, to whom &c. inciofure the Bill for dividing and inclosing the Marsh or Bm rl' wrcd' Common, called Malldraeth and in the County of Anglesey, and for embanking the said Marsh or Common, and for making Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the fame, and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee (except One Owner of Lands of the Annual Value of ft. 3. 10 who could not be met with, and One other Owner of Land of the Annual Value of ft. 6. s. who is at present out of the Kingdom, and also One other Owner of Lands of the Annual Value of ft8. 18 6d. who is insane; and that the Whole of the Property, interested in the said Inclosure and Drainage, is of the Annual Value of ft.2,930. 8 s.6d.or thereabouts; and that

no Person appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill); and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Brickdale reported from the Committee, to Billforrtgd. whom the Bill for regulating Buildings and Party }a,ing Build. Walls within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties vvanTinBrif! thereof, was committed; That the Committee had tol.reporud. examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, TauntonStre* Knight, to lay out and build a new Street from Fore Bl11 Fafled* Street to the Church of Saint Mary within the Town of "Taunton, in the County of and

to purchase certain Lands and Tenements for the Purposes aforesaid, and for veiling the present Lane leading to the said Church in him and his Heirs, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3. 1.16. To leave out " shall," and insert " the same to " instead thereof.

1.39. After " Street " to insert " and " Area."

Pr. 4. 1. 1, To leave out " thereof," and insert

" of the said Street" instead thereof.

Pr. 19. I.30., To leave out " nor," and insert or" instead thereof.

1. 31. After " Almshouse" to insert " to " be."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House-} and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Sir Benjamin Hammet, Knight, to lay out and build a new Street, from Fort Street to the

Church

Li

ji

d

it-

h

W

fll

liti

at*

rat

" to

li'jll

Sri

iti

n;,t3

;o >'i:

a8 Geo. III.

a 6° Mali.

50*

Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of agreed to, and the rest were agreed to, by the House

Taunton, in the County of Somerset.

Ordered, That Mr. Alexander do carry the

Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Sfcuthwark Paving Bill passed*.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to widen and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Division in the said Act described, was read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the sand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight j without any Bill, by Way of Ryder, for authorising the Commis- Amendment: And also.

and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed,

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and The Lord* Mr. Leeds: hare agreed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill forraifirg Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or ^fant e* Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- chequer Biiu. sand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight} without any Amendment: And also,

The Lprds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for raising Act for raising a further Sum of Money by Loans or 8 fur'hei Sum Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thou- by D°'

sioners to purchase Houses or Parts of Tenements, and lay the Land into the Street.

And the said Clause was Thrice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill}

Pr. 4. 1. 4. Afcer " Person " to insert " hereafter to be elected a Commissioner for '* the said East Division."

Pr. 5. I.32. To leave out from " God" to the End of the Prels.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Clandestine Running of Uncustomed Goods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customsto the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America , to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise} to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain} to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty's Sugar Colonies in America} to the permit-

Expiring Laws Bill*

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question ting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this

severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House } and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching

the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Division in the said Act described.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Thornton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies , to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the fe-ducing of Artificers and Workmen employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas} and, to the preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby} and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages j. and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer} without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

NorthfielJ Road re-committed Bill reported.

Mr.

Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter Pont Stephen, in Jervcife reported from the Committee, to whom the County of Cardigan , and from Llandovery, in the

Carmirthen and Llandovery Roads Bill.

the Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in

County of Carmarthen, to Lampeter Pont Stephen aforesaid; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fif-

Thame# and If.s Naviga; tien Bill.

the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford teenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for

upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County, was re-committed } and to whom the Petition of Charles Ketteriche, of Red Lion Square, in the County of Middlesex, Esquire, Sarah Ketteriche and Martha Ketteriche, of Red Lion Square aforesaid, Elizabeth Soley, of Hythe, in the County of Widow, &nd Thomas Lloyd, of Great fames Street, in the said County of Middlesex, Esquire, and William Palmer, of the Pari lb of Alvechurch, in the County of Worcester, Gentleman, on Behalf of themselves, and other the Creditors on the Tolls arising from the Roads thereinafter mentioned, was referred; That the Committee bad considered the said Petition, and had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed

improving and compleating the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and Isis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of London, near Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of -lade; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to repairing the Road from Rotherham to the Four Lane Ends near Wortley, in the West Riding of the County of York, and for discharging the Trustees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends

Rotherham Road Bill.

him to report to the House } and he read the Report in aforesaid to Hartcliffe Hill} without any Amendment: his Place } and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the And also.

Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by One} and, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, several of them were dif-

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of Brightfide, in the Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the West Kid-

# ing

Brightfide In* clolurc Bill.

5°4

i6° M.

A. 1788.

Yafforth Inclosure Bill.

ing of the County of York’, without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor or

Bill is re-committed 5 and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petition, if they think fit.

Common within the several Townships of Tafforth, Lord Frederick Campbell, according to Order, re- Report on

Tbruntoft, Little Langton, and Dauby upon Wijk, some ported from the Committee of the whole House, to Company1

f’eatherftone

or one of them, in the North Riding of the County of York; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Jndofure Bill. Act for dividing and inclosing the Open Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Wade Ground, within the Township of Featberstone, in the West Riding of the County of York-, without any Amendment: And also,

Graflington The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An incloi'ure Bill, Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Pasture, Bottom, and Lofgill Bank, in the Township of in the County of York, with an Amendment; to which Amendment the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Lewis Guerry; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

with an Amendment.

The Lords have passed

Onerry's Nat. Bill.

Siase Coach PafTeugers Bill rq or led, and re*com* mined.

Mr. Gamon reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, was committed; That the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to

whom it was referred to consider of the several Ac- Revenue Accounts and Papers which were presented to the House 'oun"-upon the 16th Day of this Instant May, by Mr. ton, from the Directors of the East India Company, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House 5 which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as1 followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sum Total of Debts owing by the East India Company, in their different Settlements in The East , exclusive of the Sums for which Bills have been granted, payable on the Court of Directors at Home, in pursuance of their Orders of the 15th Day of September 1785, amounted, according to the latest Accounts received in England, to the Sum of Seven Crore, Sixty-two Lacks, Twenty-one thousand and Five hundred and Sixty-three Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Sum Total of the said Debts, bearing Interest, amounted to the Sum of Six Crore, Forty-one Lacks, and Nine thousand Nine hundred Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Amount of Interest, payable on the said Debts in India,was Fifty-three Lacks, Fifty-three thousand Three hundred and Forty-one Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, in

the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from

Petition from Owners of StageCoachcs against it*

afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed. Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to the Committee to whom the same was committed.

A Petition of several Owners or Proprietors of Stage Coaches, was presented to the House, and read; Taking Notice of the said Bill; and Setting forth. That, notwithstanding the Petitioners admit the Propriety of limiting the Number of Persons to be carried oiv the Outfule of such Carriages, yet they apprehend the Number, to be limited by the said Bill, will be so few as to deprive the Petitioners of a consider-eble Part of the Profits arising from their Employ, and thereby compel them to give up their Business, to the great Injury of the Petitioners, and Inconvenience of the Public; and that the Petitioners observe, by a

Benares, and Oude,under the Heads of Mint or Coin-

age Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenues, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Ophium, amounted, on the Average of Three Years, from 1782-3 to 1784-5, to the Sum of Five Crore, Twenty-one Lacks, Eighty-eight thousand One hundred and Forty-six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That, the Annual Revenues of the India Company, in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude,under the same Heads, for the Year

1787-8, are estimated by the Governor General and Council of Bengal,to amount to the Sum of Five Crore, Six Lacks, Forty-eight thousand Nine hundred and Six Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges, to be defrayed by the F.ajl India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and in Benares, and Oude, under the Heads of

.Clause in the said Bill, that every Person offending Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of cotlcfting

may be apprehended with or without a Warrant from a Justice of the Peace, by any Person or Persons who shall fee the Offence committed, and shall and may be forthwith conveyed and delivered to a Constable, or other Peace Officer, in order to be taken before some Justice of the Peace, to be dealt with according to the Directions of the said Bill; and, the Petitioners conceive, the Power given by the said Clause to seize the Driver of any Coach, or other Carriage, offending against the Act, by any indifferent Persons, will occasion, not only great Inconvenience and Expence to the Petitioners, but also Danger to the Public, and to the Petitioners Property engaged in the said Business: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against such Parts of the said Bill

the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Ophium, for the Year 1787-8, are estimated, by the Governor General and Council of Bengal, to amount to Three Crore, Six Lacks Sixty-two thousand Four hundred and One Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company in the Provinces of Bengal, Bahar, and Orijfa, and from Benares and Oude, under the Heads of Mint Or Coinage Duties, Post Office Collections, Benares Revenue, Oude Subsidy, Land Revenue, Customs, and the Receipts from the Sales of Salt and Ophium, which were estimated, for the Year 1786-7, to amount in the Whole

to Three Crore, Eighty-five Lacks, One thousand as shall appear to be injurious to them, and may have Eight hundred and Fifty-eight Current Rupees, a-such Relief as the House shall think reasonable. mounted, in the Whole for the said Year, to Three

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Crore, Ninety-nine Lacks, Nineteen thousand Seven Consideration of the Committee to whom the said hundred and Ten Current Rupees,

Resolved,

28 Geo. III.

505

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Charges defrayed by the said Company, in the said Provinces, and in Benares and under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, and Marine, the Charges of Buildings and Fortifications, of collecting the Revenues and Customs, and the Advances and Charges on Account of Salt and Ophium, which were estimated, for the Year 1786-7,10 amount in the Whole to One Crore, Ninety-three Lacks, Thirty-six thousand One hundred and Three Current Rupees, amounted in the Whol£ for the said Year, to One' Crore, Ninety-eight Lacks, Eighty-nine thousand Nine hundred and Thirty-three Current Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That 1 the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint , and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic, and Northern Circars, under the Heads of Mint or Coinage Duties, Sea or Land Customs, Subsidy of the Nabob of Arcot, and Rajah of Fanjore, Land Revenues, and Farms and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from 1783-4 to 1785-6, to the Sum of Twenty-five Lacks, Seventy-six thousand Eight hundred and Five Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, and in the Carnatic, and Northern Circars, under the same Heads, for the Year 1787-8, is estimated, by the Governor and Council of Madras, to amount ttf the Sum of Thirty-two Lacks, Seventy-three thousand and Forty-one Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges, to be defrayed by the said Company, at the Presidency of Fort Saint George, and in the Carnatic, and Northern Circars, under the respective Heads of Civil, Military, Buildings and Fortifications, and the Charges of collecting the Revenues and Customs for the Year 1787-8, is estimated, by the Governor and Council at M, to amount to the Sum of Thirty-one Lacks, Seventy-seven thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-five Pagodas.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, under the Heads of Land Revenues, Customs, and Farms, or Licences, for the Year 1787-8, are estimated, by the Governor and Council of Bombay, at the Sum of Eleven Lacks, Seventy-six thousand Six hundred and One Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Charges, to be defrayed by the East India Company, at the Presidency of Bombay, and the Settlements subordinate thereto, in the Year 1787-8, are estimated, by the Governor and Council at Bombay, at Thirty-six Lacks, Fifty-one thousand Two hundred and Forty-five Bombay Rupees.

Resolved, That it appears to this Committee, That the Annual Revenues of the East India Company, at the Presidency of Fort Marlborough, and its Dependencies, arising from Customs, Farms, and Licences, amounted, on an Average of Three Years, from 1783-4 to 1785-6, to the Sum of Ten thousand One hundred and Fifteen Dollars.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of the respective Stocks of Spirits of the Corn Distillers in and about London viz.

of Melfieurs James Hatch and Company,

Philip Metcalje and Company,

Mr. Samuel Davy Liptrap,

Melfieurs John Cooke and Company,

Vol. XLIII.

Cuthbert and Company, Mark Bell and Company,

David Roberts and Company*

R. F.Blunt and Company, aS the same were taken at the Periods of their commencing to Work in 178a.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Gallons of Walh dirtilled* and Duties charged on Low Wines and Spirits upon the respective Malt Distillers in and about *

viz.

upon Melfieurs James Hatch and Company*

Philip Metcalje and Company,

Mr. Samuel Davy Liptrap,

Melfieurs John Cooke and Company,

Cuthbert Johnson and Company, Mark Bell and Company,

David Roberts and Company,

R. F. Blunt and Company, from the respective Periods at which they commenced Work in 1782, until they ceased to Work in 1783; together with an Account of the Quantities of Spirits received by Permit into the Stock of each Distiller during that Period, if any.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Spirits sent out by Permit from the respective Stocks of the Malt Distillers in and about London; viz.

of Melfieurs James Hatch and Company,

Philip Metcalje and Company,

Mr. Samuel Davy L 'ptrap,

Melfieurs John Cooke and Company,

Cuthbert Johnson and Company,

Mark Bell and Company,

David Roberts and Company,

R. F. Blunt and Company, from the respective Periods at which their Stocks were taken^ next previous to the Commencement of their Workings in 178a, until they were again taken, next previous to th'e Commencement of their Workings in

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, in Account of the Amount of the respective Stocks of Spirits of the Malt Distillers in and abou viz.

of Melfieurs James Hatch and Company,

Philip Metcalfe and Company,

Mr. Samuel Davy Liptrap,

Melfieurs John Cooke and Company,

Cuthbert Johnson and Company,

Mark Bell and Company,

David Roberts and Company,

R. F. Blunt and Company, as the same were taken at the respective Periods of their commencing to Work in 1783.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Gallons of Walh distilled, and Duties charged on Low Wines and Spirits upon the respective Malt Distillers in and about upon Melfieurs James Hatch and Company,

Philip Metcalje and Company,

Mr. Samuel Davy Liptrap,

Melfieurs John Cooke and Company,

Cuthbert Johnson and Company,

Mark Bell and Company,

David Roberts and Company,

R. F. Blunt and Company,

from the respective Periods at which they commenced Working in 1783, until they ceased to Work in 1784* together with an Account of the Quantites of Spirits received by Permit into the Stock of each Distiller during that Period, if any.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Spirits sent out by Permic from the respective Stocks of the Malt Distillers in and about London; viz.

of Melfieurs James Hatch and Company,

6 N Philip

m

16° Mail.

A. 1788,

Philip Metcalfe and Company, Mr. Samuel Davy Liptrap,

Messieurs John Cooke and Company,

Cuthbert Johnson and Company, Mark Bell and Company, David Roberts and Company, R. F. Blunt and Company,

of the Dominions of the King of Spain) and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof , to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof j for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported from the respective Periods at which their Stocks were directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with retaken, next previous to the Commencement of their spect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths export -Workings in 1783, until they were again taken in ed; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary

and other Revenues of the Crown in was

read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

October 1784, for the Purpose of ascertaining the Extent of the Allowanfce from Government of f. 22 per Ton.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Spirits sent out by Permit from the Stocks of the several Malt Distillers in and about London5 viz.

of MeiBeurs James Hatch and Company,

Philip Metcalfe and Company,

John Cooke and Company,

Mr. Samuel Davy Liptrap,

Messieurs Mark Bell and Company,

Cuthbert Johnson and Company,

Mr. Bichard Bush,

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Lodes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and ProfelBons, during the late unhappy DifTentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Ma-from the Periods at which they respectively left off jesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was Working in ^785, until the Periods at which they read a Second Time.

American Loyalist Comrmflionert Bill commit* led.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Lodes of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cedion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Con soli dated Fund Bill committed.

again left off Working in 1786; together with an Account of the Spirits received by Permit into the Stock of each Distiller during that Period, if any.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Amount of Spirits sent out by Permit from the Stocks of the several Malt Distillers in and about London; viz.

of Messieurs James Hatch and Company,

Philip Metcalfe and Company,

John Cooke and Company,

Mr. Samuel Davy Liptrap,

Messieurs Mark Bell and Company, <n<

Cuthbert Johnson and Company,

Mr. Richard Bush, from the Periods at which they respectively left off Working in 1786, until the Periods at which they again left off Working in 1787; together with an Account of the Spirits received by Permit into the Stock of each Distiller during that Period, if any.

The House being informed that Mr. Froward, A Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum One of the Solicitors to the Managers of the Impeach-of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for ap- ment against Warren Esquire, attended at

East Florida Commissionert Bill committed.

plying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Ser vice of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn-’ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

pre-

the Door; he was called inj and, at the Bar, fented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A particular Account of the Expenditure of the Money advanced to Wallis and Froward, Solicitors appointed by the Honourable the House of Commons for the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and of such other Expences and Charges as have been incurred by the said Solicitors, and which have accrued on Account of the said Prosecution,

Particular Account of Expenditure of the Money ad* vanced to the Solicitors for the Impeach* ment against Mr. Hastings, peefented.

Quarantine Bill committed.

up to the

15th Day of May 1788, inclusive, as near as the same A Bill more effectually to secure the Performance can be ascertained, shewing to whom, and on what of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relat- Account, such Sums have been paid, ing to the Revenue of Customs, was read a Second And then he withdrew.

Time. And the Title of the said Account was read.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed. Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Com- Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

mittee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Wine Dutiei, A Bill to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Cuf-.

t0m* toms and Excise, payable on the Importation and Ex-m t ' portation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira

The said Account is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Froward be again called in and examined, touching the Articles of the said Account -,

It passed in the Negative.

Motion toexa-mine Mr. Trows rd* Ncg.

A Petition of the United Company of Merchants East India of England trading to The East Indies, was presented Company’* to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Ex- eu,*B<

Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any penecs of the late War have, unavoidably, brought a

very

48 Geo. III. i&.Mati.

1 very heavy Charge upon the Petitioners Treasury in

I England, and, although large Sums have been paid by the Petitioners in consequence thereof, since the Date of the Petition which they presented to this House in

the Year 1786, yet considerable Sums still remain unpaid. Tome of which will become due before the ill , Day of March 1790, betides a Sum agreed to be ad-

! vanced to the Public (subject to certain Conditions)

; on Account of a Claim for Victualling His Majesty’s

I Troops in India, and for His Majesty’s Troops serv-

ing the re, and also besides a Debt incurred in , # and further Advances necessary to be made for the

; Purposes of the China Trade; and that the ordinary

j Receipts of Money by the Petitioners, before the ift

1 Day of March 1790, together with the Exercise of such Powers as they are now inverted with to raise Money, will not be sufficient to answer the several Demands upon them during that Period: And therefore praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to grant them such further Powers as to the House shall meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition be* referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Petition.

1

t

Newfound- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill BuiOTdere? to enable His Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of His Majesty’s Subjects and those of the Moll Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland:And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. William Grenville, Mr. Attor-

ney General, and Mr. Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming DcbatemMa. the adjourned Debate on the Motion, made upon £«>/'«-Monday last, That the Petition of Anthony Bou"t»ulon <6

de Boneuil, on Behalf of himself and his Partner Mat- Bontuii p«-thew Valid, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter adjourned thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to si*Monts>». them, to the House;

Ordered, That the said Debate be further adjourned till this Day Six Months.

Resolved, That this Hotife will, Tomorrow Morn- Commerce ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole wi,jl Holi*n4 House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Im- *

portation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer prefertted to the Ntwfound-House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Ma- £nd jesty to make such Regulations as may be rteceflary to *

prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of His Majesty’s Subjects and those of the Moll Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of NewfoAnd tho same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time' upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Duties on Dew ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties now payable on 40 *

the Importation of Buck or Deer Skins, add Elk Skins.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House and Quebec to re lvc itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Trade Bill. upon the Bill to allow the Importation of Rum, or

other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in 9 'he West Indies,into the Province of without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurr.ed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Kid «fNew- The House was moved. That the Petition of the

tioB8rea/etl" R'ght honourable Anthony James Earl.of Newburgh, gain, and re- Viscount Kinnaird, Baron Levingston of ,in

fared to the Kingdom of Scotland, which was presented to

*amuu,e‘ the House upon the 12 th Day of December last, and

then ordered to lie upon the Table, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Consideration of a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, as it shall appear to them, to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Herbert Sir

William Dolben, &c.: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber; and have Power to fend for Persons, Papers; and Records.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee oh to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ®Jll trhretgu' upon the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials T/ia?«of«on-of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Neville took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Neville reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was di retted by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit.agaifl.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coqfider further of the said Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and other Petition fori Inhabitants of the Town and Port of was

presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, sure Tiade* That the African Slave Trade forms a very considerable Part of the Commerce of Liverpool, and is; as the Petitioners conceive, productive of the greatest Advantages to the Kingdom of Great Britain, and inseparably connetted with the very Existence of its West Indian Territories; and that many of the Petitioners have embarked the Whole of their Fortunes in the said Trade, confined their Commercial Pursuits to the Prosecution of it, and relied upon the Faith of the Legislature for a Continuance of that Protection and Support which they have thought proper, for a great Length of Time, uniformly to grant j and that several others of the Petitioners have expended very great Sums of Money in providing convenient Situations and Buildings, chiefly for the more expeditious and advantageous Equipment and Outfit of Vessels for the said Trade, in which Thousands of His Majesty's

26 — 17° Mail.

A. 1788.

jetty’s useful and loyal Subjects are daily employed, and many others of the Petitioners,' although not immediate Adventurers in the African Trade, are yet Owners of Houses, Buildings, and Lands, the Value of which would be diminished in a very alarming Degree, if its Abolition should take place, it being well known that the Benefits arising to the Town of Liverpool from that Trade have, principally, occasioned this Kind of Property being stamped with its present immense and very extraordinary Value; and that, by fostering and encouraging the African Slave Trade, Parliament has animated the Petitioners with such a Spirit of Enterprize and Perseverance as to have given them a decided Preference to any other Port in the Kingdom for the Magnitude of their

Martisy 27* die Mail;

Anno 28° Georgii III*W Regis, 1788.

Prayers*

AM E S S A G E from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu The Lordi and Mr. Leeds: have agreed t.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An scotch Light-Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the housetBiii. Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign,

Dealings in it, and superior Accommodations of their intituled, "An Act for erecting certain Lighthouses African Vessels; and that the Ships constructed for ' "

this particular Trade are remarkably expensive, very unfit for any other, navigated by a greater Proportion of Seamen and Mariners than is required upon most other Occasions, and are singularly calculated for His Majesty’s Service upon Cafes of Emergency; and that the Petitioners with Astonishment observe, by the Votes of the House, that many Persons are endeavouring to obtain an Abolition of the African Slave Trade, terming it contrary to the Principles of

in the Northern Parts of Great ;" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An christcliwA Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets,

Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places within the Parish of Chrin Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and Obstructions there-

Humanity, and disgraceful to the Country, yet the from, and preventing the like for the future, and for

Petitioners are willing to believe that such Persons are actuated by good Motives, but conceive that they . have been greatly misinformed as to the Manner of carrying it on, and are not sufficiently acquainted with its Importance to the State; and that the Slave Trade is neither contrary to the Principles of Humanity, nor disgraceful to a Country, may be presumed from the complete Admission by other European Powers of the Propriety of following it; and its great Advantages may be further known by the extreme Avidity with which a neighbouring Rival Nation is, as the Petitioners have been informed, ar this Time encouraging it with Bounties and Rewards in that Country, unknown till the present Period; and that the Suppression Suppression of the Slave Trade would be attended with Consequences little ftiort of Ruin to many of the Petitioners, who have thus, under Parliamentary Faith, embarked in the Trade, and inverted their Property as before dated, would be highly injurious to the Interest and Public Revenues of this Country, and operate as an effectual Bar to future Commercial Emulation and Enterprize: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Abolition or Restriction of this Trade, before any Resolutions, or a Bill, be parted by the House upon a Subject of so much National Importance, in which they are so peculiarly situated, and so greatly concerned.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

St. Ptta.lt. Poor Church Bill.

Strtttmary, &c. Indofunt Bill, with

African Slave Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-Biilprei'ented. ing to Order, a Bill for providing certain temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere: And the same was received; and read the FirftTme.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for pulling down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Peter-le-Poor, within the City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of , Amendoceti.

Hrpxynecb, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgo- nicry,with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, TheLwb

The Lords have patted a Bill, intituled, An Act luw piiH to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions " therein contained; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Church of the CormtGmto Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County Bill of Middlesex; for repairing and improving the Gates p and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the county of;

for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church; and for removing the t

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- present Watch House, and providing another for the posed, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Use of the said Parish.

this Day Three Months;

And Notice being taken that Forty Members were not present; the House was told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock,

Ordered, That Mr. Fox do carry Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Bill to the

Lords Amecd* ment to Grti-fins;ton Idc.o-

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the several The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Pasture, Bot- "> a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, ton, and Lofgill Bank, in the Township of,

Ten of the Clock. in the County of York.

And

Earl Camden's Estate Bill committed.

Trial of Mr* Baitings*

i8 Geo. III. if

5°9

And the said Amendment was read; and is as followed viz.

Pr. ao. 1. 9. Leave out " Bead," and insert " Cattle."

The said Amendment being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncombe do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendment made by their Lordships.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to granr, in the Manner therein mentioned, Building Leases of the Prebendal Lands at Kentish 'town, in the County of Middlesex, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Charles Gould, the Lord Bay bam, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jter Hall, and iummon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly j and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westm Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

(Copies of the Minutes and Proceedings of the Board of Treasury, respecting the Issue of Money, from Time to Time, for carrying on the Buildings at Somerset House, and the Mode adopted for examining and accounting for the Expenditure thereof: And also,

An Account of the several Sums which have been issued to Sir William Chambers, in each Year, for the Buildings at Somerset House, shewing to what Periods the Accounts of the Expenditure of the same have been examined and audited, and by whom: And alfoj

Copies of the several Reports made by the Board of Works, or any other Person or Persons, respecting the Work done, and Materials used, under the Direc-Voi. XLIII.

0

tien of Sir William Chambers, at Somerset House, and the Money expended by him on the same; viz.

N° i. Copy of a Report of the Board of Works, dated 2ift November 1777, concerning the Accounts of Works dohe at Somerset House, to Midsummer 1777.

N° 2. Copy of a Report from the Board of Works, dated 8th January 1781, relative to the new Buildings at Somerset House, from Mid-summer 1777 to Midsummer 1779.

N° 3. Representation of the Board of Works relative to examining and Hating the Accounts for Works at Somerset House, dated the 27th of October 1781.

N° 4. Copy of Mr. Paine's Report, dated 19th November 1782, relative to the Accounts of Sir William Chambers, for Works done at merfet House, from Midsummer 1779 to Vjil.

N° 5. Ditto, dated 27th November 1783, on Ditto Accounts, from Christmat 1781 to Christmas 1782.

N° 6. Ditto, dated 27th November 1784, on Ditto* from Christmas 1782 to'Christmas 1785.

N°7. Ditto, dated 13th October 1785, on Ditto, from Christmas 1783 to Christmas 1784.

N° 8. Ditto, dated 9th March 1787, on Ditto, from Christmas 1784 to Christmas 178c.

Together with a Schedule of the Eight last-metr-tioned Papers.

And the Titles of the said first-mentioned Paper and Account, and the said Schedule, were read.

Ordered, That the said Papers and Account do lie upon the Table, to be peruied by the Members of the House.

The said Papers and Account are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Setfion.

A Bill for veiling the Estates of Edward Henvill in Mr. Henviir* Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt ud. owing by him to the Crown, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Gamon reported from the Committee, to whom Sta*e Coach the Bill for limiting the Number of Persons to bfc fom'nifud"" carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Bill rcpoited* Carriages, was re-committed; and to whom the Petition of several Owners or Proprietors of Stage Coaches, was referred , That the Committee had heard the Petitioners, by their Counsel, and had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The House being informed that Sir William - plan of the bers attended at the Door; he was called in j and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their of^ome'r'a' Order, House, prt-

A General Plan of the New Offices erecting on the Scite of Somerset Houset as settled by the Lords Com-

6 O missioners

510

17* M

A. 1788*

missioners of His Majesty’s' Treasury, and ordered to mittee. That they Have Power to receive a Clause of be carried into Execution by the King’s Sign Manual, Appropriation.

dated the 24th of November 1775, and by various That so much of His Majesty’s Most Gra-

Treasury Letters, bearing Date May 14th 1776, July cious Speech to both Houses of Parliament, upon the tnh 1777, August 19th 1777, and September 10th 15th Day of 1763, as relates to the Money

1779» specifying what Parts thereof remain to be arising from the Sale of Prizes vested in the Crown, compleated, and the probable Expence of the fame, being applied to the Public Service, be referred to as far as it can at present be ascertained. the said Committee.

And then he withdrew. Then the House resolved itself into the said Com-

And the Title of the said Plan was read. mittee.

Ordered, That the said Plan do lie upon the Table, Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Dumfries Road Bill passed.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee on Duties on Deer Skint.

to be perused by the Members of the House.

N. B. The said Plan was, by a subsequent Order of the House, of the 25th Day of June> returned to Sir William Chambers.

An ingossed Bill for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfriesy by JE Bridge to Mcffaty in the County of Dumfriesy was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by Bridge to Moffat, in the County of Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Committee.,. Dumfries. the several Houses and other Buildings immediately

Ordered, That Sir James Jchnflone do carry the Bill adjoining to and the Two Houses

to the Lords, and deiire their Concurrence. of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging} and

to report to the House their Opinion how far the said Ordered, 'Thatthe Order of the Day, for the House Hall, and other Public offices, may be secured from to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, the danger of Fire arising from the Contiguity of such to consider of the Duties now payable on the Impor- Houses and private Buildings, tation of Buck or Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, be And a Committee was appointed of Sir now read. the Marquis of , Lord Charles , Mr.

And the said Order being read accordingly} Pelham, Mr. North, Sir John Sir John,

The House resolved itself into the said Com-

fpt&theBuild-ings adjoining toWefhnioftor Hall} See.

mittee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same. /

Ordered, That the Report be received To morrow Morning.

Debtors and Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Cre<ii«ors Bill to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, TbrccMontLi. upon the Bill for the Relief of Debtors, and' for the more speedy and effectual Payment of Creditors, and for the *K emulation of Gaols, so far as relates to imprisoned Debtors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

the Lord Newhaven, Mr. Beaufoy, Sir Grey Cooper, Sir William Cunynghame, Sir ‘Thomas Sir Gilbert

Elliot, Mr. Drake, Mr. Rainsford, Sir James Erskine, Mr. Ar.flruther, Mr. Adam, Mr. Mackenzie, Mr.

waring, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Pulteney, Mr. Long, Mr. braham, Mr. Wraxall, Mr. Taylor, Mr. IJuJfey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Scott, Mr. Jackson, Sir Adam Fergujfon, Mr. Young, Mr. Plumer, Mr. Thornton j and all the Members who serve for the Counties of Essex, Herts, Kent, Sussex, and Surrey j and all the Knights for Shires, Gentlemen of the Long Robe, and Merchants, in the House: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

The Lords will proceed Tomorrow on Mr. Hallingi'i Trial*

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren iLiftingsy Esquire, Tomorrow Morning, at Ten of the Clock, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committee on Con loli dated Fund Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an lnltruftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Corn-

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee o« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That "the ioth Article of the Treaty of De-fenfive Alliance between His Majesty and the States General of the United Provinces, signed at the Hague the 15th Day of April 1788, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow

Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee «t to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, EastIt<lii to consider of the Petition of the United Company of pST 5 Merchant!

L.

a8 Geo. III. Mali.

Merchants of England trading to The East , be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Account of all Bills on the East India Company, including those now due, accepted,

' or advised, and stating the Dates at which they were drawn and accepted, and the Dates of their becoming payable, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Four last of the Accounts, which were presented to the House upon the t6th Day of this Instant May, by Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, be referred to the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him. to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in ’The West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and restrictions, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the' Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise, payable on the Importation and " Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain) and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Careen Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in Lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt wit^j respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, TJiat the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides and Skins drafted in Oil, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auttion, free from the Duty charged on such Sales; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Commitcee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of ^11 such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Government*

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morn* ing, resolve itself into the said Committee.

A Motion being- made. That the ingrossed Bill for dividing and inclosing the Marsh or Common, called Malldraeth and Corfddaugau, in the County of Anglfey, and for embanking the said Marsh or Common, and for making Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the fame, and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels with Boats or other

Vessels,

Committee oft East Florida Commissionen Bill.

Excise BiQ deferred.

Quarantine Bill deferred.

American Loyalists Commissioner* Bill deferred.

Bill for regulating the Trials of Controverted Election*i deferred.

King's Consent to Malldraeth, &c. Inclcfure and Drainage Bill.

512 Maii. ^.1788.

Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be apt plied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works, be now read the Third Time;

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty, having been informed of the Purport of the said Bill, gives His Consent, as far as His Majesty’s Interest is concerned, that the House may do therein as they shall think fit.

Then the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Mtlldrteth, Resolved, That the Bill do pass *. And that the Title Md Drainage be, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Marsh called Bill passed. Malldraeth and Corjddaugau, in the County of , and for embanking the said Marsh, and for making Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and preserving the fame, and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels with Boats or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works.

Ordered, That Mr. Tarry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Committee on The other Order of the Day being read, for the SirE^a*f*m-ft House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole pey put off for House, to consider further of the several Articles of ThreeMontbi. Charge of High Crimes and Misdemeanors against Sir Elijah Impey, Knight, late Chief Justice of the Supreme Court of Judicature at Fort William in Bengal j

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That Mr. Speaker do now leave the Chair j It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Three Months, resolve itself into the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in, the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren , Esquire,

were called oven and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual j and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, to chimney whom the Bill for the better Regulation of Chimney s«wpen Bill Sweepers and their Apprentices, was committed; repor" That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Placej and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout} and then a Second Time, One by Onej and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Additional Power* to Committee appointed to inspect the Buildings adjoining to Westminster Hall, See.

Trial of Mr« Halting*.

Mercuriiy 28* die Maii;

Anno 28* Georgii.Ill*11 Regis, 1788.

Pit AYERS.

f\RD E R ED, That the Committee who are ap- pointed to inspect the several Houses and other Buildings immediately adjoining to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging} and to report to the House their Opinion how far the said Hall, and other Public Offices, may be secured from the Danger of Fire arising from the Contiguity of such Houses and private Buildings, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, notwithstanding any Adjournment of the House.

Ordered, That Five be the Quorum of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly} and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly} and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Report rtffifl. Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Duties now payable on the Importation of Buck or Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read} and are as followed } viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Duties now payable upon the Importation of Buck or Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, into this Kingdom, do deafe, determine, and be no longer paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Customs of Two Pence be charged upon every Buck or Deer Skin imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Customs of Two Pence be charged upon every Indian Buck or Deer Skin, Half-dressed, imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Customs of Four Pence be charged upon every Elk Skin imported into this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty of Excise of One Shilling be charged upon every Pound Weight of Buck or Deer Skins, or Elk Skins, dressed in Oil in this Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Drawback of the Whole of the said Duty of Excise on Buck or Deer Skins, and Elk Skins, dressed in Oil in this Kingdom, be allowed on the Exportation thereof. *

The

1

28 Geo. III.

28s M

5H

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second ings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and for mak-

Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the

Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, is committed. That they have Power to make Pro-the said Bill, pursuant to the said Refo-

vision in lutions.

in Bristol.

The Lords have agreed

Lottery Bill

Indemnity

Bill.

to

A Message

Second Expiring Laws Bill.

Papists Deeds and Wills In-roil men: Bill.

Shropshire

Navigation

Bill.

Chester Gfol Bill.

from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and

Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

► The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money, to be raised by a Lottery; without any AYnendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify Members and Officers in Cities, Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been damped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Artornics and Solicitors, or to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contracts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Dtscriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace, within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for allowing further Time for inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal, from the Canal at Donnington Woody in the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence, by Two several Branches, to communicate with the River Seventy one near Coalbrook Daley and the other near Madeley Woody in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to join such Canal; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down and re-building the Gaol of the Castle of Chsjlery the Prothonotary's Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Build-Vol, XLIII.

Stafford and Chester Heads Bill.

<c

ing proper Yards and Conveniences thereto; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bristol Street Act for widening and rendering commodious a certain 3"n.GuUdh3li Street, called Broad Street, within the City of *

and for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repofitorics for the Books, Papers, and Records of the said City; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill forremoy-Act for removing and preventing Encroachments, ^"'uhti'3’ Obstructions, Annoyances, and other Nuisances, within Hackney S the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for Coaciies, &c. licensing and better regulating Hackney Coaches*

Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers thereof, respectively, and Porters and other Persons within, and for certain Distances round, the said City and Liberties, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade, and the Rivers, Wharfs, Backs, and Quays, and the Markets within the same City and Liberties; and for other Purposes; without any Amendment: And

also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for repealing so " much of Two several Acts of Parliament, made " and passed in the Seventeenth and Twenty-eighth " Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George " the Second, as relate to the Road from the End of " the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through in the County of Salop,to Nantwich,in the County of Chester,

and from Nantwich to Torpor ley, and from thence through Tarvin, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more effectually " repairing, widening, and supporting the same Road;

" and also for repairing and widening the Road from " Northwich, in the said County of Chester, to the " Cross in Tarvin aforesaid," as relates to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized in the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty; and for including the Road from Vicker’s Cross to the Turnpike Road leading from Bridge to Frodsham, in the said Third District; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, Intituled, An Shrewfcury Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from to 1

Wrexham,in the County of Denbigh, and from. IVrex-bam to Che/ler, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint, and several other Roads therein mentioned; and for making and repairing a Road from the said Wrexham and Chester Road to the Wrexham and Ruthin Road, in the said County of Denbigh; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tynemomb Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing, a certain Inclosure Common Moor, or Tract of Waste Land, called mouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Billy Mill Moor, within the Manor of Tynemouth, otherwise Shire, otherwise Tynemouth with Tynemouthshire, in the County of Northumberland; without any Amendment:

And also, *

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this The Lords House, That their Lordships will proceed further in wi, J proceed the Trial of Warren Ilajlings, Esquire, on Friday next, Mr Hjft'ngi-. at Ten' of the Clock in the Morning, in Trial.

Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

6 P Rejolvei,

Si4

28° M

A. 17884

house rcfolvet to adjourn to Friday.

Resolved, That this House will, the House this Day, adjourn till next.

at the Riling

Friday

of

Morning

Bill to amend Act for licencing Ale* house Keepers, ordered.

minions of the French King, and

Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain) and for granting other. Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in Lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty

The House was moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, An Act for regulating the Manner of licensing Alehouses in that " Part ot Great Britain called England', and for the on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Do.more easy»convicting Persons selling Ale, and other minions of the King, imported directly

" Liquors, without Licence," might be read.

And the same was read accordingly.

The House was also moved, That an Act, made in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, f‘ An Act for granting to His Majesty a Duty upon Licences for retailing Beer, Ale, and other Exciseable Liquors; and for establishing a Method for granting i'uch Licences in Scotland -, and for allowing such Licences to be granted at a Petty Session in England, in a certain same therein mentioned," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to amend so much of the said Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, as relates to the licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for regulating the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also Licences to Persons selling Spirituous Liquors: And that Mr.

te

<c

from

thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have fullered in their

Robert Burton and Mr. Mabnvaring do prepare, and Properties in Consequence of the CelTion of the Pro-

Report from Committee on Smgc Coach Paiion^ers recommitted Bill considered.

Consolidated Fund Bill reported.

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read the Third Time upon Friday Morning next, if the said Bill shall be then ingrolred.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund, and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House-, and he read the Report in his Place-, and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

feast

Commissionere Bill reported.

vince of East Florida to the King of Spain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the 'Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of 'StreetmarJJjaly Tiryn?ynecby and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 2. 1. 15. Leave out cc and Tythes."

1. 20. Leave out from c< Glebes" to " And" in Line 24.

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Lords Amendment s to Street-marshal, &c. Inclosure Bill agreed to.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to exempt certain Licences, granted to Assistant Stipendiary Curates, from being chargeable Stamp Duties: And that Mr. and Mr prepare, and bring in, the fame.

with any Steele do

Curates Licences Bill ordered.

Wine Duties, fee. Bill re*

ported.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Do-

Mr. Rose presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to exempt certain Licences granted to Affiltant Stipendiary Curates from being chargeable with any Stamp Duries: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Refohedy That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Mr.

Curate* Licences Bill presented.

J

11

King’s Mef-sage re (peeing the Dulce of St. Aibani.

Committee on

Quarantine

Bill.

Petitions from Liverpool and London against the African Slave Bnl.

28 Geo. III. 28° Mail.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That he had a Message from His Majesty to this House, signed by His Majesty; and he presented the same to the House; and it was read by Mr. Speaker (all the Members of the House being uncovered) and is as followeth; viz.

GEORGE R.

It having been represented to His Majesty that, ill the Reign of her late Majesty Queen Anne, a Pension of One thousand Pounds per Annum was granted, payable out of the Civil List, to the then Duke of Saint Albans, in Consideration of the Lease of certain Duties on Logwood, which had been granted by King Charles the Second to the Ancestors of the said Duke, and which had afterwards been directed to be granted for a further Term of Years, not yet expired, but which last mentioned Grant was never perfected, and that the like Pension has, from Time to Time, been continued to the several Persons who inherited the said Title of Duke of Saint Albans previous to 17S6; His Majesty is desirous of granting an Annuity to the like Amount to the present Duke* and therefore recommends it to His faithful Commons to consider of enabling His Majesty to charge the same on His Majesty's Civil List Revenues.

G. R.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take His Majesty's said Most Gracious Mef-sage into Consideration*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve rtfelf into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Inftrinftion to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Ciaule, or Clauses, for punishing Matters of Ships refusing to deliver up Certificates of Registry, and for granting Certificates de Ncvoy where Certificates cannot be found.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

1

A Petition of the Merchants, and others, interested in the Trade to Africa, from the Port of Liverpool was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Supply of the European, Settlements in America with Negro Slaves, purchased upon the Coast of

Africa, is a Branch of Traffic which has been carried

... on for more than Two Centuries by various Nations,

and has hitherto met with uninterrupted Protection, Supporr, and Encouragement, from the Legislature of this Kingdom in particular; and that an advantageous Situation, amidst many principal Branches of Manufacture, which form a necessary Part of the Cargoes lent out in this extensive Trade, and some other adventitious Circumstances, have given a decided Superiority to the Port of Liverpool in this important Line of Commerce; and, the rapid Growth of the Town, and its amazing Increase in Wealth, Population, and Shipping, are convincing Proofs of the numerous National Benefits resulting from this

Trade with Africa and thfe West Indian Islands, which holds the first Rank in the Commerce of the said Port; and that the Petitioners find, by the Votes of the House, that a Bill is depending for the Establishment of certain new Restrictions in the Transporta-tien of Negro Slaves from Africa to , and have well-grounded Cause to fear, that a Law of this Kind may throw such superior Advantages into the Hands of Foreign Nations, our Rivals in that,

Branch of Commerce, as would eventually deprive the British Ports of all Advantage from that Trade j and that, should the Traffic in Negro Slaves be foundj upon a fair and dispassionate Enquiry, to, be incompatible with the Laws of Religion, Humanity, and found Policy, the total and avowed Abolition of it ought certainly to be adopted; but till that leading Question be decided, the Petitioners did not expect any Interruption in the established Practice of their Trade, nor can they, in the ffiort Interval between the present Day and the expected Prorogation of Parliament, have sufficient Time duly to consider, set forth, and prove, by sufficient WitnessTes, the probable Disadvantages that might attend the R eftridtions proposed: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against any Innovations or immediate restrictions in the Trade to and Fhe West Indies.

A Petition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the City of London, trading to, or interested in, the Trade to Africa, and the British West India Islands, was also presented to the House, and read; Setting forth.

That the Petitioners are seriously alarmed at the Motion made in the House for Leave to bring in a Bill for the Purpose of making temporary Regulations in the African Trade, and that Leave has been granted for bringing in the fame; and that the Petitioners with Confidence have relied that no Innovations or Restrictions would have been attempted to be imposed on the said Trade, till the whole Business, irt all its Branches, had been thoroughly investigated and clearly understood; and that the Petitioners are very apprehensive the present meditated Regulations may totally ruin the Trade to Africa, annihilate the large Property embarked therein, render the Plantations in the Colonies belonging to Great Britain of little Value, and do an irreparable Injury to this Country: And therefore praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table, until the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in Britifta Ships, to 7 be West Indies, and cllewhere,

be read a Second Time; and the Petitioners are to be then heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, upon their Petitions, if they think fit.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next. SiaveBiilap-

pointed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House* a statements of Statement of the Claims, examined by the Commit American and sioners appointed to enquire into the Loftes and Ser- c^ins^^ vices of the American Loyalists, with the Amount of ordered, the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class; and also, the probable Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined, as far as the same can be ascertained.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, a Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the Crown of Spain, with the Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due to the several Claimants; and also, the probable Amount of such x further

5*6

further Claims as remain to be examined, as far as the same can be ascertained.

clV’i '* Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Petition* Committee of the whole House, to whom it was rereported. ferred to consider of the Petition of the United Com-

pany of Merchants of England trading to The East dies, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the East India Company be enabled to raise a Sum of Money for the Purposes mentioned in their Petition, by issuing Bonds to an Amount not exceeding One Million Two hundred thousand Pounds, over and above such Bonds as they are now by Law authorized to issue.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Henry Dundas, Mr. William Wyndham Grenville, and Mr. Nathaniel Smith, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

1*788.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill he read a Second Time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Or- Bill resptfttng der, a Bill for reducing the Duties on the Importa-' tien of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the patented. Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces into this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Theatrical to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical ^icen"®ll!

4 11 i 1 r\ r\ commuted*

Representations occassionally, under the Reltnchons therein contained, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Iluf-/ey, Mr. Bouverie,&c.: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the fe- Papers reining veral Papers and Account, which were -Yesterday presented to the House by Mr. Steele, be printed, as printed, shall be suficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

28* Matt.

Reportrespect- Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the

wUh^HoUa'nd' Committee the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Duties payable on the Importation of Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: W here the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee^ That there be charged upon the Importation into Great Britain of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Linens) the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, the lowed Duties which are now payable on the Importation into Great Britain of the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, from any other Foreign Country or State in Europe.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the like Drawbacks be allowed upon the Exportation from Great Britain of all Goods, Wares, and Merchandize (except Linens) the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, upon which the lowed Duties have been paid on the Importation thereof as aforesaid, as are allowed upon the Exportation from Great Britain of the like Goods, Wares, or Merchandize, imported into Great Britain from any other Foreign Country or State in Europe.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quedion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington, Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Rc/e, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

India Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Company's Bill House, according to Order, a Bill to enable the Ea/l (relented. India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond: And the same was received; and read the Fird Time.

Ordered, That the Bill for providing certain Tern- African S!a« porary Regulations respecting the Transportation of Bi.ll,obe the Natives of A/rica, in British Ships, to The West t>nn"J’ Indies, and elsewhere, be printed.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to make such Regula-tiens as may be necessary to prevent the Inconveni- FiAwySui ence which might arise from the Competition of His comm,llsd' Majesty’s. Subjects and those of the IVftd Chridian King, in carrying on the F'ifhery on the Coads of the Ifiandof New/oundland, was, according to Order, read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.'

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Trials of Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the Floufe will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. John Smyth accordingly reported from the said Bill reponeJ-Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Report was read.

And the House being informed that several other Amendments are nccelfary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-conltnitted. te.com®«A

Resolved, That the said Bill be re-committed to a Committee of the whole House.

1$ Geo. III 18^ — 30° 517

Resolved \That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House* to consider further of the said Bill.

Mntideml'Mid The House accordingly resolved itself into the said reported. Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Jcbn Smyth took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. John Smyth reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That the Report be now received.

Mr. JcbnSmytb accordingly reported from the said . ~ Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table; Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Prdered; That such a Number of Copies of the said Bill, with the Amendments, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Verier is y 30° die Mali;

Anno 28° Georgii III"1 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Idr. Ueneage added to the Committee appointed to it»spe<5l the Buildings adjoining to Westminster Hall, &c.

f\RD E R ED, That Mr. be added to the

Committee who are appointed to inspect the several Houses, and other Buildings, immediately adjoining to Westminster Hall, and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging; and to report to the House their Opinion, how far the said Hall, and other Public Offices, may be secured from the Danger of Fire, arising from the Contiguity of such Houses and private Buildings.

Voices toCom-m it tee on

Theatrical Licensc Bill.

Ordered, That all have Voices who come to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasion-

ally, under the Restrictions thetcin contained, is committed.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this frUl „f House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Mr. Hiding Places adjacent* and the Passages leading to West min -Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend

their Service in the House immediately;

And he went accordingly and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this '

House* do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly* and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem-bers of this House in Westminster and dear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there* if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately* and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to bt Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over j'and they went to the Places in minster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk* by their Counties, as usual and they went into Westminster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned *

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair*

The House being informed that Mr* from Statement of the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lofl*es and Services of the American Loyalists, attended rented* of* at the Door he was called in and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the Claims, examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, with the Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due to eachClafs* and also, an Estimate of the probable Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read*

The laid Statement is as followed) viz.

Vol. XLiir.

6 CL A STATEMENT

5l8

30° Mail.

A. 1788.

A STATEMENT of the Claims, examined by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Lodes and Services of the American Loyalists, with the Amount, and the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class, up to the 5th of April 1788: Pursuant to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, dated 28th May 1788.

Claflej.

1

2

3

4

5

8

9

Loyalists who have rendered Services to Great Britain —

Loyalists who bore Arms in the Service of Great Britain — —

Loyalists zealous and uniform ——

Loyal British Subjects resident in Great Britain — — —

Loyalists who took Oaths to the American States, but afterwards joined 7 the British - j

Loyalists who bore Arms for the American States, but afterwards joined 7 the British - J

Loyalists sustaining Losses under the Prohibitory Act —

N.B. Of the above Number 16 are included in other Classes Loyal British Proprietors — — —

Loyalists now Subjects or settled Inhabitants of the United States, some 7 of whom arc Persons of great Merit, and have met with peculiar >

- 16 J

10

5

Hardship

Claims disallowed and withdrawn.

Disallowed alty D° for Want Loss Being fraudulent Being for Debts only Withdrawn —

for Want of Proof of Loy-of satisfactory Proof

S’

— 25°>

- I2(

— *o\

— 34. Total —

11

N* of Claims. Sums allowed for Losses of

204 Property. 596,092 Income. 25,085

481 254,988 6,503

626 590,424 38,871

20 89.371 1,070

27 35.046 280

23 42,853 2,725

3 13.97 >

2 258,254

25 26,549 970

313

1/724 £.1,887,548 75.504

4 £45.363

Loyal British Subjects, who appear to have Relief provided for them! by the Treaty of Peace, but state the utter Ipnpofiibility of procur- i ing it - — J

The probable Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined, and of such as are not yet Anally liquidated (including an Estimate of the Reports expected from the Commissioners in may be estimated at £. 300,000.

The Sum which has already been paid towards Compensation of the Losses liquidated up to the ift of May 1787, is £.454,260. 19.

Office of American Claims, 30th May 1788.

Statement of East Florida Claims presented.

The House being informed that Mr. Litchfield, from the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the East Florida Claims, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

A Statement of the Number and Amount of East Florida Claims received, the Number and Amount of liquidated Claims, and the Sum at which they have

John Forj,

Seer.

been liquidated by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of , made up to May 30th, 1788.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Statement was read.

The said Statement is as followeth j

T®

j

.28 Geo. III.

30° Mail.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

A STATEMENT of the Number and Amount of Florida Claims received, the Number and Amount of liquidated Claims, and the Sum at which they have been liquidated by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Celfion of the Province of East Florida to the King of made up'to May 30th, 1788.

Number of Claims received Gross Amount of Claims received

N°

268

602,765 1 7

Number of liquidated'Claims — — —

Gross Amount of liquidated Claims — —

Losses allowed upon the said Claims — — —

Of which last mentioned Sum there was granted by Parliament in the last Session — — —

N"

179

4.88,682

*27,552

s. di

1 7

14 3

13,600 ——

#It is impossible to date the probable Number or Amount of the Claims which remain Hill unliquidated, as no general Account of the Claims presented Abroad has yet been transmitted.

East Florida Claim Office, May 30th, 1788.

Comm it tt* on The House, according to Order, resolved itself ^mjwoniing *nt0 a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill Bill. for veiling the Estates of Edward Hcnvill in Trustees,

to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Rolle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Rolle reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Chimney An ingrossed Bill, for the better Regulation of

Sweepers Bill Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices, was read the gaffed. Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers and their Apprentices.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Burton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lord* A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Montagu and have agreed to Mr. Leeds:

Mr. Speaker,

Sawley Bridge The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill. Act for building a Bridge over the River Trent, at or

near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester; without any Amendment: And all'o.

H* O Litchfield,

Secretary.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Tyne Skippers Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief BlU* and Support of Skippers and Keelmen, employed on the River Tyne, who by Sickness or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families; and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen , without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Newcastle Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two 5 ]'

Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead', in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the same more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets,

Lanes, or Avenues, leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this ThtLordswili House, That their Lordships will proceed further in y°"e^y°"n the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on Tuesday Mr. Halting.- ndxr, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Tn4lv

minster Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Robert Barton presented to the House, accord- Alehouse ing to Order, a Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his p,clenij4,

2 late

0

Earl of Newburgh's Petition reported.

520 30 Maii.A, 1788.

late Majesty, as relates to the licencing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for regulating the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also Licences to Persons selling Spirituous Liquors: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Rcjolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed.

Sir Herbert Mackworth reported from the Committee, tb whom the Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh, Viscount Kinnaird, Baron Levingston, of Flacraig,in the Kingdom of

Scotland, was referred; That the Committee had examined the Matter of the said Petition; and had directed him to report the fame, as it appeared to them, to the House; and he read the Report in his Place*; and afterwards delivered the fame, together , with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

To prove the Allegations of the said Petition, An Act, passed in the First Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for appointing " Commissioners to enquire of the Estates of certain " Traitors and PopiCh Recusants, and of Estates given " to superstitious Uses, in order to raise Money out " of them severally for the Use of the Public," was first read, in order to shew to your Committee that of all the Estates forfeited for the Rebellion in the Year 1715, the DerwentwaterEstates alone still re-

main vested in the Trustees of the Public; and by that Act it appeared that all the Estates in Great Britain, Ireland, or elsewhere, of Persons who, between the 24th Day of June 1715, and the 24th Day of June 1718, were attainted by any Law or Statute of the Realm, for High Treason, were forfeited to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, without any Office or Inquisition found, according to the several and respective Estates and Interests which the Persons attainted had respectively therein, except where any such Person was seised of an Estate Tail in Possession, in which same it was enacted, that the same should be vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in Fee Simple, to the End that the same might be absolutely fold, disposed, or applied, according to such Acts of Parliament as might thereafter be made in that Behalf.

It appeared also to your Committee, by an Act: passed in the Twenty-second Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for vesting the several Estates of James late " Earl of Derwentwater, and Charles de-

" ceased, comprized in several Settlements therein mentioned, in Trustees, for an absolute Estate of " Inheritance for the Benefit of the Royal Hospital " at Greenwich, and for raising certain Sums of Mo-

" ney out of Part of the said Estates, for the Relief " of the Children of the said Charles Radcliffe," That the said Charles Radcliffe, the Petitioner’s Grandfather, "was attainted of High Treason on the 18th Day of May 1716; and on the 8th Day of December 1746 he was executed for the Treason by him committed as aforesaid.

Then an Act passed in the Fourth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, «« An Act for vesting the Forfeited Estates in Great Britain and Ireland in Trustees, to be sold for the Use of the Pub-11 lie, and for giving Relief to lawful Creditors, by *determining the Claims, and for the more effectual " bringing into the respective Exchequers the Rents " and Profits of the said Estates to be sold," was tead, by which it appeared. That all the Estates vested in his Majesty by the aforesaid Act, passed in the f irft Year of King George the First, were vested and settled in certain Commissioners therein named, to the

End that the same might be fold, disposed of, and applied for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Then an Act, passed in the Seventh Year of the Reign of King George the First, was read, by which it appeared, That the greatest Part of the said Forfeited Estates had been sold by the said Commissioners to the Governor and Company of Undertakers for raising the Thames Water in York Buildings.

Then an Act passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of King George the First, was read, by which it appeared, that the Forfeited Estates in England, vested in the said Commissioners, which should remain unfold after the 29th September 1723, and such of the Forfeited Estates in Scotland (which had likewise, by former Acts, been vested in certain Commissioners) that should remain unfold on the 26th Day of June 1724, should be divested out of the said respective Commissioners, and vested in his Majesty, his Heir$ and Successors, for the Use of the Public.

Your Committee then read an Act. passed in the Thirteenth Year of the Reign of King George the First, intituled, "An Act for Sale of such of the Forfeited Estates in that Part of Great Britain called " Scotland, as remain unfold, and for determining such ft Claims on the said Estates as, having been dulyentered, remain undetermined," by which it was enacted, That any Three or more of his Majesty’s Barons of the Court of Exchequer in Scotland were required to fell, to the highest Bidder, the said For- feited Estates, and every Part of them.

And then, in order to shew that none of the Estates forfeited for the Rebellion in 1745 still remain in the Trustees of the Public, another Act passed in the Twenty-fourth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty " to grant to the Heirs of the former Proprietors,

" upon certain Terms and Conditions, the Forfeited <c Estates in Scotland, which were put under the Management of a Board of Trustees by an Act passed " in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and to repeal the " said Act," was also read; and the said several Acts were produced to your Committee, in order1 to authenticate that Allegation of the Petition which states* that of all the Estates forfeited, either for the Rebels, lion in 1715 or 1745, the Derwentwater Estates alone now remain vested in the Trustees of the Public.

Your Committee then proceeded to examine the other Allegations of the said Petition; and in order to prove that the Petitioner, with better Pretensions, asses less Favour than any of the Persons to whom Forfeited Estates have been lately restored, and that his same differs from the Cafes of all other Sufferers for the same Cause, in the Instances specified in the Petition, so much of the Recitals of the aforesaid Act of the Twenty-second of George the Second, was read, as (hews the Non-age of Mr. Charles Radcliffe at the Time of his Attainder; his Consanguinity with the House of Stuart, by his Grandmother Lady Mary Tudor-, and that in or about the Year 1731, by the Death of his Nephew Mr. John Radcliffe, under Age, and unmarried, he became, by virtue of a Settlement' made in the Year 1691, seised in Tail Male in Possession of the Manor of Alston Moor and Garrigill, and several other Lands and Hereditaments therein mentioned, which, by virtue of the aforesaid Forfeiting Act, became vested in his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, in pee Simple — That the said Charles Radcliffe at the same Time, by the Death of his said Nephew, became Tenant for Life of feverah Lands and Hereditaments in the said Act mentioned, under a Settlement made in the Year 1712, with Remainder to his First and other Sons, ip Tail Male — That James late Earl of Derwentwater, the elder Brother of the said Charles Radcliffe, had been, in like Manner,

Tenant

18 Geo. III. 30° Mail. 521

Tenant for Life of all the said Estates comprized In borh the said Settlements, with the like Remainder to his First and other Sons, in Tail Male; and that after his Attainder and Execution, his Son, the before-named John Radcliffe, was admitted into the Possession, and actually enjoyed the said Estates for Sixteen Years, until the Day of his Death; and that upon the Death of the said Charles Radcliffe, who had forfeited the said last mentioned Estates only for his Life, great Doubts and Difficulties (which were left open and undecided by the said Act) were entertained, whether the eldest Son of the said Charles Radcliffe, the Petitioner’s late Father, could or could not, by virtue of the Limitation to the First and other Sons of the Body of the said Charles Radcliffe, take the Estates so limited, in the same Manner as his Cousin German, the aforesaid John Radcliffe, had taken the fame, not only on Account of his having been born within the Dominions of the French King, after the Attainder of his Father, although he was born of natural-born Subjects, but also on Account of no Claim having been put in within the Time limited by the Acts for that Purpose, on Behalf of the unborn Children of the said Charles Radcliffe, by the Trustees, to preserve contingent Remainders, which was neither directed nor provided for by the Act, as it was for the Claims of Infants, Femes Covert, and Idiots. — And it appeared to your Committee, from the said Act, That the Title of His Majesty, and consequently of the Commissioners of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich, to the Estates comprized in the said Settlement of 1712, must arise either from Escheat, on Account of the real or supposed Alienage of the Petitioner’s late Father, or from the Defect of the Entry of Claims under the said Act, and not from the forfeiting Effefts of the Attainder; and inasmuch as the Title of the Crown to all the other Estates forfeited either in the Year 1715 or 1745, for the same Cause (except those comprized in the said Settlement of 1712) appears to have been undoubted and indefeasible, and that his Majesty’s Right and Title to the said Estates, settled in the Year 1712, depended upon Two very doubtful and important Points of Law, which the Act admits, but does not ascertain nor determine; and that the Petitioner does not pray to be restored absolutely to any of the Estates that were unquestionably forfeited by his Ancestors: Your Committee is satisfied that the Petitioner asks less Favour, with better Pretensions, than any of the Persons to whom Estates forfeited for the same Cause have been lately restored.

It also appeared, from a Report from the Committee of the House of Commons, to whom all the Books, Instrumenrs, and Papers, relating to the Sale of the Estate of James late Earl of Derwentwater, were referred, on the 22d Day of March, in the Year 1731, That his hnded Estates^ upon the Rental in the Year

1723, amounted to the Yearly Sum of/. 5,012. 17*. or thereabouts, and from Accounts produced to yot\t Committee, the Rental of the said Estates for this present Year amounted to the Sum of /, 17,612, or thereabouts.

And it appeared unto your Committee, from the Accounts delivered in of the Rents and Profits of the whole Estates of the Derwentwater Family, since the Time of their having been vested in the Commissioners of the Royal Hospital at Greenwich, That the Public have received from the said Estates, in the Whole, the clear and nett Sum of /. 622,152, and upwards.

And it also further appeared, by the said Act of the Twenty-second of King George the Second, That the Commissioners or Governors of the said Royal Hospital at Greenwich had, in the Year 1749, soon after the Life Estate of the said Charles Radcliffe had determined, paid off several Sums of Money which were admitted Claims upon the said Estates, settled in the Year 1712, amounting, in the Whole, to the Sum of /. 28,900, over and above the Sum of /. 30,000* which, by the said Act, was given to or settled upon the Family of the Petitioner, for their Relief and Support, they being at that Time in absolute Want and Penury.

Then Twenty-five several Acts, passed in the Reign9 of King George the First, King George the Second, and His present Majesty (with the Titles and Dates of which your Committee ‘do not t[fink it necessary to trouble the House) were produced and read, by which it appeared, that the Legislature had, in a Variety of Instances, liberally extended their Favour and Mercy, either to Persons attainted or to their Defendants, or to the Children of Aliens, by restoring or granting the Estates forfeited or efeheated, by removing the Disabilities incurred by the Attainders, or by granting Sums of Money, which would otherwise have been the Property of the Crown.

Mr, IFalton, One of the Receivers of the Rents and Profits of the ’Derwentwater Estates, attended the Committee, and was examined as to the Receipt and Expenditure of the Rents and Profits of the said Estates, from the Time they have been appropriated to the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital; and he delivered in Three several Accounts, setting forth the Annual Amount of the Rents of each Year, from 1735 to 1788 — Secondly, the Gross Receipt of Cash from the Rents and Profits, with every Expenditure thereupon, and the Nett Balances remaining, applicable to the Use of the Governors of Greenwich Hospital — And lastly, the Receipts and Expences for the first and last: Five Years during which the said Estates have belonged to Greenwich Hospital; and which said Accounts are annexed to this Report, as Appendix, N° 1, N° 2, and N° 3.

Vol. XLIII.

6 R Appendix.

Appendix, N* 1.

An ABSTRACT of the Annual Amount of the Rentals of the Derwent water Estates, from the Time of the Rents and Profits of those Estates being appropriated to Greenwich Hospital, to the 10th 1789:

Prepared by Direction of a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, the 27th May 1788.

*736 —

1737 —

1738 — —

17 39 —

1740 — "

1741 — —

1742 —

1743 —

1744 — -

*745 — —

1746 — "

*747 — —

1748 — —

*749 ""

1750 — —

*75* —

1752 — —

*753 — —

*754 — ""

*755 — "

*756 — —

*757 — —

1758 — —

*759 —

1760 —

1761 —

1762 —

*763 *"

1764 — —

,765 - -

1766 ' — *

1767 - -

1768 — —

,769 ~ "

1770 — —

*77* -

1772 —

*773 — — -

1774 — ~

*775 — — -

1776 —

1777 — —

1778 — "

*779 — — ~

1780 . —

1781 — — -

4782 —

178J —

1784 —

1785 —

1786 —

1787 — —

,788 — — .

1789 (j'lydonjhields Farm not yet let)

9,022 2 iit

6,33° *3 n

6.979 10

6.957 10 3*

6,882 *7 4

6,882 *9 n

6,882 16

6,980 9 as

6,986 —

6,964 10

6,982 *5 7£

6,982 *5 7i

6,982 10 n

6,988 6 11

6,987 12 ii?

6,988 2 5*

6.995 18 5i

7.*33 7 8

7>5°4 *9 *Or

7.538 *3 IS

7>56o 5 iot

7.539 3 n

7>536 *9 *s

0,664 16 1?

0,667 11 n

0,667 6 n

0,621 14 61-

0,657 9 2?

0,671 9 6f

0,765 1 61

0,884 2 3

1,868 10 6

1,252 *3 6

1,584 6 7 i

1,608 6 4i

1,678 6 11-

*»783 6 7S

*.823 5 9

2,065 8 6|

2,079 5 2 ?

2,098 *7 — S

2,3*4 *4 ^7 I / 1

2,322 *5 8

2,365 *4 7

6,765 18 *S

6,775 *5 IS

6,753 12 3S

6,992 *5 9i

6,696 8 ~i

6,669 — 6i

7,59s 8 — i

7,491 5 — *

7,612 5 71

7,650 11 7i

Appendix,

iS Geo. Ill

30° Mail

513

Appendix, N° 2.

An ACCOUNT of the Gross Receivings and Disbursements for the Eftatts, from the

Time of the Rents and Profits of those Estates being appropriated to Greenwich Hospital to the 21st November 1787, inclusive: Prepared by Direction of a Committee of the Honourable House of Commons, the 27th May 1788.

Gross Receivings. Gross Disbursements. Balances. 1

1735 and 1736 to 14th November inclusive _ 1- 6,983 4 61 £- 3,*55 14 iil X-3,827 9 61

1737 to 31ii December inciufive — — 7,901 16 4. 4,552 7 9i 3,349 8 *i

1739 to 30th June inclusive — — n,86o *4 10 8,48 8 9 8 3,372 5 2

1740 — — — ' — 8,701 — 51 3,452 12 3 5,248 8 21*

1741 — — — — 7>977 I 4 2,986 3 3 4,990 18 1

1742 — — — — 7>772 3 4i 2,036 2 11 5.736 — 5r

1743 . — — — — 7>*7° <-» / 3l 1,866 8 51 5»3°3 18 IO*

1744 — ' — — — 8,34* 4 9, 2,354 9 *1 5,986 *5 8

1745 — — — — 6,633 4 8 1,711 18 61 4,921 6 ii

1746 — — — — 6,902 17 81 1,244 8 ii 5,658 9 7

1747 — — — — 8,116 *5 71 *,395 2 61 6,721 *3 1

174s — — — — 9,j68 4 IO* *,565 8 8: 7,802 16 2

#49 — — ~ — 10,672 11 91 1,384 14 8i 9,287 *7 a

1750 — — — — *o,559 4 4 1,869 15 71 8,689 8 9

1751 — — — — 9,665 10 3 *,653 *9 IOJ- 8,0x1 10 4i

1753 — — — — *9>529 8 41 3,* 72 18 3l 16,356 10 ii

1755 ~ — — — 23,326 11 *1 4,75* 5 4; *8,575 6 7i

1757 — — — — 18,780 *7 61 3,720 *3 7 15,060 3 11I

1759 — — — — 25,466 7 10. 7,028 9 5- 18,437 18 4!

1761 — — — — 2 5.3-85 9 8 9,68 0 11 0 1 ? *5>7°4 18 5i

*7 63 — — — 3°,397 *3 1 8,071 2 Si 22,326 10 71

1764 to 3 iff December inclusive — 22,445 4 *°1 4459 *5 3i 17,985 9 7i

1765 to 30th June inclusive — — 5,462 19 4l 1,0:3 4: 4,439 *9 —

1766 to 2ift November inclusive — — 22,967 9 2 5,636 11 5 ' *7,3°° *7 81

1767 — — — — 3°>832 *3 31 5,1 *4 6 if 25,718 7 2

1768 — — — — 24,019 2 71 4,384 1 9\ 19,635 — 101-

1769 — — — — 18,401 — 4 3,805 11 *4,595 8 ioi

1770 — — — — 18,485 8 3 3,429 5 10; 15,056 2 4i-

1771 — — — — 25>3*4 4 8.: 4,8 14 16 6 20,499 8 2i

1772 — — — — 22,308 4 21 3,850 12 7i 18,457 1 ( 71

1773 — — — — 23,473 *3 *1; , 3>5°3 1 2 8; 19,970 1 2 * 4

*774 — — — — 17,560 19 8 3,601 9 *3,959 9 I‘l

*775 — — — — 26,999 5 *°: 4,621 12 1 1 22,377 12 Hi

1776 — — — — 20,661 6 I 2 4,727 5 2 5, v'3+ 1 —

1777 — — — — 27,974 9 61 6,518 5 2 2 ,456 4 4l

*773 — — — — 21,950 3 8 9,oq3 *3 IO 12,»5t 9 10

1779 — — — — 25>1*5 3 91 11,406 — 10: 13,649 2 11

1780 — — — — 28,078 — 11 11,225 7 7 16,852 *3 4

1781 — — — — 24,990 12 . I 4 IO, C)36 8 " T O 4 14,054 3 4

1782 — — — — 28,663 *4 71 I ,*2.08 4 O I. - 4 17,455 10 5*

1783 — — — — 3*>58* 6 11: 13,536 — 71 18,045 6 41

1784 — — — 32>934 11 81 ic\4v:7 *9 8; 22,496 12 —

1785 — — — — 29,693 19 — 11,214 *5 5 18,479 3 7

1786 — — — — 32»°39 18 1 11,918 *7 71 20,121 1 4

1787 — — — 37,258 *3 31 11,866 *3 31 2>,39* *9 Hi

I-870,724 17 41 ^.248,572 5 5i £6 22,152 1 I 10I

Appendix,

524

3°'

Mali:

A. 1788.

Appendix, N® 3.

An ACCOUNT, shewing the Amount of the Rentals of the Estates at different Periods, and of the Produce from the Lead Mines in the Manor of , as follows:

1735, when the Estates were given to Greenwich Hospital — — —

1788, as may now be let in Consequence of Proposals received pursuant to Advertisement lately inserted in the Gazette — — — , — — —

The Amount of Lead Ore produced from the Lead Mines in the Manor of Alston , in £ Years, ending at Michaelmas 1739 (the First Year of which was no more than jf. 249. 3. 7l) was, on a Medium , per Annum ——

The Value of Lead Ore produced from the said Lead Mines in 5 Years, ending at Michaelmas 1787, was, on a Medium, £. 10,605. u. 7 per Annum; besides which a Profit was made by smelting and refining Lead Ore at the Hospital’s Lead Mill, of £. 5,905. 17, being 1,181. 3 4I per Annum-,in the Whole, per — — —

£ 5-99° 101

6,979 10 2*

10,664 16 1$

16,765 18 if

17*598 8 — i

18,106 8 31

446 4 4

11,786 14 Hi

An ABSTRACT, shewing the Gross Receivings from the Estates, and the Amount of Remit-

tances to Greenwich Hospital from the same; as also, of the Amount of several Disbursements on Account thereof for the first Five Years the Hospital was possessed of the said Estates.

Gross Receivings.

Rents of the several Estates —

Duty Ore from Alston Moor —

Fines from Customary and Leasehold Estates Wood ——

Bricks and Tiles — - —

Various other Articles — —

Remittances and Disbursements.

Remitted ——

Int. to Lord Petrie, &c. and Annuity to Lady Rad cliffe —

Boring for Coal, and winning Scremerston Colliery — —

Attending Parliament, Commission of Enquiry, and Law Charges Making Bricks and Tiles — . — — —

Making Surveys and Plans — — —

Cutting and valuing Wood ——

O

Re-buildings, Alterations, and Repairs of Housing, and repairing Weirs for Defence of the Banks of Rivers —

Land Tax, Fee Farm Rents, and other certain Outgoings —

Expences holding Courts, Portage, Advertisements, and other incidental Expences — — , _ a —

Salaries and Receiver’s Allowance by Commission — —

Balance in the Receiver’s Hands — — —

£ 3!>254 i [ 1 61

2,231 1 9

817 41

582 4 3i

462 5 31

99 12 11

£ 15-155 18 5i

6,062 — —

269 19 6

698 *5 8*

793 11 ai

3^3 — 11

170 5 1

7,168 5

i>7 23 17 lOi

3i9 9 —

2,060 — 2

641 ‘3 — 1

£ 35»446 16 ii

£ 35>446 16

U

An

*8. Geo. III.

30° Mali.

51S

An ACCOUNT, shewing. the Gross Produce from the Derwent water Estates, the Amount of Remittances made, and of the Value of Coals and Lead sent to Greenwich Hospital from the same, and of Monies expended in Purchase of Lands, &V. connetted with the said Estates, in various new Works, for the Improvement thereof, and in other necessary Disbursements on Account of the said Estates, in Five Years, ending with the 21st of November 1787.

Gross Produce.

Balance of Cash, 21st November 1782 —

Rents of the several Estates — —

Lead, Silver, &V. fold from Langley Mill — Fines from Customary and Leasehold Estates-Wood — — —

Throckley, Stubltck, and Scremerston Collieries — Lime and Fire Clay — , —

Various incidental Articles — —

Remitted — —

Balance of Calli, 21st November 1787, considered as a Remittance — —

Coals and Lead sent to the Hospital — Purchases of Estates — —

New Buildings, i£c. the Rental of which amounts to £. 290. 4 per Annum — —

Other new Buildings for Improvement — Carrying forward Nent Force Level — . — Draining Collieries and Quarries, and boring for Coal — — —

Fencing and planting Wood — —

Making Quickset and other Fences —

Making Roads, Drairts, and Watering Places, and levelling old Fences, and other Improvements — — —

Making new Weirs for Defence of the Banks of Rivers — — —

Division and Allotment of Ebrington Town Fields and Town Green — - —

Necessary Disbursements on Account of the said Estates.

Re-buildings, Alterations, and Repairs —

Repairs of old Weirs for Defence of the Banks of Rivers, and Allowances and Reparations in Consequence of Damages by Inundations — — —

Allowances to Tenants of , on Account of Monies expended in Buildings and Improvements on that Estate — —

Working Stublick Colliery, Langley Lime Kilns, and Meldon Fire Clay Mine, for Sale j as also for working Lead Ore in the Manor of Alston Moor — — —

Printing Leases, Admittances, and Proposals, preparing, ingrossing, and filling-up Leases, and Parchment and Stamps for the fame, and Carriage of, and getting Leases executed, as also for Plans to annex to Leases -

weeding

valuing,

and removing

Cutting,

Wood — — —

' Law Charges — — —

Expences holding Courts, Postage, Advertisements. Stationers Bills, settling Lead Ore Accounts, and making a Reservoir for Newland'% Mill — —

Vol. XLIII.

£. 1,489 11 lOf

— — 86,701 3 10

— — 65,048 3 4i

— — 369 19 10‘

— — 6,586 — 61

— — 3,848 16 io*

— — 773 18 3

44i 1 3r

— — £. 99,000

— — 7,062 13 —

— — 4,217 13 —

— 5,050 16 —

— — 3,579 II IOJ

43650 17

5,342 2 ni

1,697 9 io£

2,181 14 lOj

4,416 10 3

1,013 2 8

586 2 1

254 5 6

£. 20,142 5 81

£ 5>584 13 81

1,197 7 ii-l

348 1 —

3,214 4 IO|

674 7 6

583 16 3i v

228 5 11

394 12 9z

£.165,258 15 ioi

6 S

Viewing

30* Mali.

Viewing Collieries, making and cleaning Levels, and for other Works at and

Howgate Collieries, and for Purchase of Tbrockley Fire Engine Materials —

Various incidental Expences — - —

Land Tax, Fee Farm Rents, and other certain Outgoings — . —

Salaries and Receiver’s Allowance by Commission — - — _

''Making Surveys and Plans — —

265 iS — \

167 — a

3,864 4 ni

9,669 it 11 j

73 *0 11

£.26,20$ 16 . ... — *

2

A. 1788.

jr. 165,258 15 to*

London, 13th February 1788.

Nich. Walton, Junior,

H. Turner.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conOder of the said Report.

Stage Coach Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Third Reading of the Bill, now ingrossed, for limiting the pa e 1 N umber of Persons to be carried on the Outside of

Stage Coaches, or other Carriages, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages.

Ordered, That Mr. Gamon do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Bll for rrgu- An ingrossed Bill for regulating Buildings and latirg Build. Party Walls within the City of Bristol, and the Liber-XS® t‘es thereof, was read the Third Time, tol, paired. An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for regulating the building of Bow Windows.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, by Way of Ryder, for giving an Appeal against the Acts of the Surveyor.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to th^ Bill, by Way of Ryder, for obviating Doubts with respect to the Rate or Class of Buildings.

And the said Clause was Thrice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Siatcnyws of Ordered, That the Statement of the Claims exa-East*Fioridan<1 mine<^ by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into Claim* re- the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, with Committee of Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due the whole to each Class, and also an Estimate of the probable House. Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined; and also, the Statement of the Number and Amount of East Florida Claims-received, the Number and Amount of liquidated Claims, and the Sum at

which they have been liquidated by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties' Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, made up to May 30th, 1788, be referred to the Consideration of a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That thi^ House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Statements.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second African $1»« Reading of the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in Britisho Ships, to The Indies, and elsewhere, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that the several Persons who petitioned this House upon last, praying to be heard, by themselves or Counsel, against the said Bill, and which Petitions were then ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time, declined being heard by their Counsel, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

The House was moved, That the Petition of the Petition! Merchants, and others, interested- in the Trade to ag2’i>ftrnd Africa, from the Port of Liverpool; and also, the Pe- ferVJd.'and tition of the Merchants, Traders, and others, of the Counsel City of London, trading to, or interested in, the Trade dered' to Africa, and the British West India Islands, which were severally presented to the House upon last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Petitions be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioners be heard, by themselves or Counsel, before the said Committee, upon their Petitions, if, they think fit.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second East Mi Reading of the Bill to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond, be mined, now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That, the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

6

Quarantine Bill reported*

Ctiratea Licences Bill committed.

Bill respecting jCommerce with Holland committed.

Address for

Acts of Assembly pi fad in the Colonies for the Government of Slaves.

Motion for Copies of In-ftniclions, &c. to the Governors of the Colonies respecting Slaves.

Neg.

Committee on Newfoundland Fishery Bill*

28 Geo. III. 3°°

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

- Mr. Gilbert,according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of-Customs, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed*

A Bill to exempt Certain Licences granted to Affiffant Stipendiary Curates from being chargeable with any Stamp Duties, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Re/ohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

A Bill for reducing the Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the ropean Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces into this Kingdom, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to H is Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to giye Directions, that there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, Copies of all Acts of Assembly, passed in the several British Colonies, and now in Force therein, for the Government and Management of their Slaves.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House, as are of His Majesty’s inofl; Honourable Privy Council.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put. That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Orders, that there be laid before this House, Copies of all Instruc-tiens which have been given to the several Governors of the British Colonies respecting the Slaves within them; also, Copies or Extracts of all Letters received from the said Governors, which relate to the Management or Instruction of the said Slaves; and all Correspondence between the Secretaries of State, the Board of Trade, or Committee of the Privy Council, and the Society for the Propagation of the Gospel in Foreign Parts, or any other Society, Person, or Persons, respecting the Converfton or Religious Instruction of the said Slaves;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition, x

Mail 527

of His Majesty's Subjects and those of the Mod Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on th#

Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland, be now read;

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.'

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Mtf-House, to take into Confederation His Majesty's most the Duke #f 6 Gracious Message of Wednesday last, relating to His.St- Alban*. Majesty’s Recommendation for granting an Annuity of One thousand Pounds per Annum to the Duke of

Saint Albans, in Confederation of the Lease of certain Duties on Logwood, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the faitl Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from tHie Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to make a Motion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee 1 to move the House, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans.

And Mr. Gilbert moved the House accordingly.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Albans: An4 that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of Graham, Mr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mornington Mr. Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, Mr. Ro/e, and Mr.

Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Ro/e presented to the House, according to Or- Scotch Diflit, der, a Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the 1*-

several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines ene ' and Spirits, and upon Worts, Waft:, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from the West Indies:

And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

The other Orders of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Excite Sill ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides

and

518 300 Mali — Junii. A. 178?.

and Skins dressed in Oil, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great; allowing

Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be f6ld by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise.

American Resolved, That this House will, upon Fuejday Morn-

Loyaiiftj }n„ neXf resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

Vommimoners ° 3 r

Bui deferred. House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Lwue, 2° die 'Junii;

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account*«. Account of any Balance of the Sums voted for the Ser- la,i"st0 th* vice of the Ordnance, for the Year 1787, and remain- dlred*"'*’* ing either in the Exchequer, or in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, on the ift Day of January 1788.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the Sums expended for the Sea Service of the Ordnance in 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786; distin-guishing the Expenditure in each Year.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of the several Sums of Money paid by the Storekeeper of the Ordnance at or Priddys-

hard, and by him, or them, to Overseers, Labourers,

&c. employed on the Works at Fort Cumberland; and also, an Account of the several Sums of Money paid by Debenture to Comtraftors or Artificers for Articles furnished for those Works since the 19th Day of May 1786, with the Names of such Contractors or Artificers.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, an Account of all Sums of Money received from the Sale of old Ordnance Stores since the ift Day of January 1784, and how the same has been expended.

Anno a3° Georgii 3'" Regis, 1788. Prayers.

Mr. Henviir* A N ingrossed Bill for veiling the Estates of Edward BuTpalled.' -LA. Henvillin Trullees, to be sold, and for applying

the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown, was read the Third Time.

R.eJolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title e, An Act for vesting the Estates of Edward Henvill in Trustees, to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

Ordered, That Mr. Browne do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

G«frry’« Nat. An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bill commit, for naturalizing the Reverend. Lewis Guerwas read

la Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Jack-Jon, the Lord Penrhyn,&c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners fur- East Florid* ther to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill more effectually to secure the Per- Quarantine formance of Quarantine; and for amending several BiUpltfed» Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine; and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Alehouse Keeper* Li-conle Hill foimmiiud.

A Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the Twenty-ninth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for regulating the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also Licences to Persons Idling Spirituous Liquors, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Theatrical License BilL tianfmittetl to Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions therein contained, is committed, be discharged from proceeding upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Bill be committed to a Committee of the v9hok House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-/ ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bilk

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise, payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenijhy German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain) and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof y to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in Lieu thereof $ for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crgwn in Scotland, was read the Third" Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise, payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, G*r-man, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain) and for granting other

Wine Emits,

Consolidated Fund Bill passed.

J)uke of St.

Albans Annuity Bill presented.

Committee on Excise Bill.

Scotch Distil lery Bill com routed.

other Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in Lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Roje presented to the House, according to Order, a Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and granting other Duties in Lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of , to be

sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales; and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committce, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to prevent Persons felling Sweets for Consumption in their own Houses, unless such Persons shall have Licences for selling Beer and Ale.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, to direct that Cast Plate Glass, above a limited Size and Thickness, shall not be broken.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the ' several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts,'Walk, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of BritiJJo-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a Time to be li-

Vol. XLIII.

mited, an A&, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Cu^te^Li* upon the Bill to exempt certain Licences granted to 1 Assistant Stipendiary Curates from being chargeable with any Stamp Duties, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to re- port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Newfoundland Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Fifoeiy Bill enable His Majesty to make such Regulations as may reported* be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of His Majesty’s Subjects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coarts of the Island of Newfoundland, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had diretfted him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee o« to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Conm'l/rcf "S -upon the Bill for reducing the Duties on the Importa- with Holland, tien of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces into this Kingdom, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the Lloule will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House

Cc mniitlec on

to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, K^rr1°^rt:^r] to consider of the Report which was made frorn^ the pctit1onlUrfi *-6 T Committee

55o

Committee to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh, Viscount Ktn-naird, Baron Levingfton, of in the Kingdom of Scotland, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee,

That they had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred} and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole fioufe, to consider further of the said Report.

Answer to Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the Additft. House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that there be prepared, in order to be laid before this House in the next Session of Parliament, Copies of all Acts of Assembly, passed in the several British Colonies, and now in Force therein, for the Government and Management of their Slaves) had been presented to His Majesty* and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

Committee on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Am'ncanVnd to rc^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House,

East Florida to consider of the Statement of the Claims examined cuimi defer- by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the n ' Lodes and Services of the American Loyalists, with the

Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class, and all'o the Estimate of the probable Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined; and also, of the Statement of the Number and Amount of East Florida Claims received, the Number and Amount of liquidated Claims, and the Sum at which they have been liquidated by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Lodes of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cefiion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, made up to May 30th 1788, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Commute* on Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Company! to re^vc itself into a Committee of the whole House,

Bill. upon the Bill to enable the East India Company to

borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committce.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made an Amendment thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

1788.

having been informed of the Contents of the said Petition; recommends it to the Consideration of the House.

Then the said Petition Was brought up, and read;

Setting forth, That the Two first-named Petitioners have been brought to London, from distant Parts of the Kingdom, by a Summons of the House, at a very heavy Expence to themselves, and with great Detriment' to their private Concerns; and that the said Petitioners attended the Committee of the House early in March 1786, and continued their Attendance during that long Session, and are now, by a Summons from the House of Lords, called a Second Time from their respective Homes; and that the last-named Petitioner has been attendant upon the Committee of Managers for many Months, and, against every earned Solicitation, was reported to the House of Lords as a Witness whose Attendance was necessary; and that the said Petitioner was ordered to his Station in Bengal, and directed to fail by the First Ships, but being detained by a Summons from the House of Lords, loft his Passage to India,to the material Injury of his Affairs, and

he is, by Act of Parliament, thereby disqualified from holding certain Offices of Emolument which his Rank in the Service would otherwise render him competent to hold: And therefore praying. That the House will take into their Consideration these Circumstances, and reimburse the Petitioners such Expences as have been unavoidably incurred, and which must continue to be incurred, pending the Trial of Warren Hastings, Esquire, in such Manner as the Justice and Wisdom of the House shall direct.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee <m to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, gj[[icansl"* upon the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The IF eft Indies, and elsewhere, be now read.

And the said Order beinj? read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel, and examined a Witness in Behalf of the Petition of the Merchants, and others, interested in the Trade to Africa, from the Port of Li~ verpool, and had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Bill forr*g»-the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Re- Trhfs'of c«n gulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or troverted Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was re- de*

committed, be taken into further ConGderation To- ertc morrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

petition from certain Wit-nefl'es on Mr. Haliings't Trial, to be

reimbursed

their Expenceit

A Petition of Marlin Gilpin, Major, David Williams, and Jonathan Scott, Captains, and Robert Holt, Junior Merchant, in the Service of the Honourable East India Company, being offered to be presented to the House j Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, by His Majesty’s Command, acquainted the House, That His Majesty,

Martis,

Committee appointed to inspeA the Buildings adjoining to Westminster Hail, Sec. to report from rime toTimr

Report from D° Committee.

Martts, 30 die $

Anno a8* Georgii IIItW Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

f\RDERED, That the Committee who are ap- pointed to inspect the several Houses and other Buildings immediately adjoining to and the Two Houses of Parliament, and the Offices thereto belonging, and to report to the House- their Opinion how far the said Hall, and other Public Offices, may be secured from the Danger of Fire arising from the Contiguity of such Houses and private Buildings, have Power to report their Proceedings, from Time to Time, to the House.

Sir Peter Burrell reported from the said Committee, That the Committee had made a Progress in the Matter to them referred, and had agreed upon a Report, which they had directed him to make to the House and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered it in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth viz.

Your Committee having proceeded in Part to fulfil the Object of their Institution, and having inspected the Judges Room and Treasury of the Court of King’s Bench, and the Passage leading thereto, the Judges Room, Treasury, and Office of CustosBrevium of the Court of Common Pleas, the Offices and Buildings belonging to the Chief Ulhcr of the Court of Exchequer, the Tally Office, the Court of Exchequer, and the Offices and Apartments belonging thereto, the several Buildings in Old Palace Tardt lying West and North of the said Buildings, and of Hally the Clerk of the Pells Office, the Office of the Tellers of the Exchequer, the Office of the Usher of the Exchequer, the Tally Court, the Office of Auditor of the Exchequer, the Houses of the Tellers and Auditor, the Lottery Office, the Annuity Office, and the Buildings and Apartments adjoining and belonging thereto; upon Examination of the said Buildings, and the various Offices contained therein, and upon Enquiry into the Nature and Duties of the said Offices, and the Value and Consequence of the different Papers and Records therein deposited, think themselves called upon by the Magnitude of the Subject, to report as speedily as possible to the House the Situation of the said Buildings; and your Committee could not think themselves justified if at this Period of the Session they did not sacrifice the Advantages of a more particular and detailed Account, to the embracing the first Opportunity of calling the immediate Attention of the House to a Matter in which they conceive the Public Interest so deeply concerned.

The Importance of the various Records and Papers disposed of in the several Offices, to the transacting of the Public Business, and to the general Safety and particular Concerns of so many Individuals, is too well known, and too universally admitted, to make it at all necessary for this Report to state it in Detail.

Your Committee have, with minute Attention, examined all the above-mentioned Offices: To describe the Danger from Fire to which in their Minds they appear to be constantly exposed, furpafies any Language of which they are Matters; the Fad of these Buildings being now in Existence, speaks more forcibly in Favour of the extreme Caution which must have been invariably used by those to whose Care they have been entrusted, than any Praise which your Committee could bestow upon the Gentlemen under whose Charge these Buildings are at present placed.

3" yunii.

S3*

Your Committee conceive the Safety of the Public Should not entirely depend upon such precarious Exertions, and they feel themselves the more justified in that Opinion, from reflecting that all that Attention and Caution might be rendered ineffectual by the . Negligence or Design of any One Inhabitant of the Buildings which immediately surround, and in many Instances adjoin to several of the Offices containing Papers of the last Importance to this Nation. These private Buildings, in the Opinion of your Committee,

should, at all Events be removed: But your Committee, understanding that the Claims of Individuals interfere with any general Plan for the Public Safety, conclude that this Honourable House will take such Measures as may be found necessary to remove such Difficulties. Your Committee conceive the present Situation of these Offices requires new Buildings and new Arrangements, so contrived as to afford that Safety which their present Construction entirely deprives them of Your Committee find it difficult to decide whether the Inconvenience attending the Transaction of Public Business, the Danger arising from Fire, or of Destruction from Want of Repair, is the most to be complained of.

OrderedThat the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom Lord Cam-the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bm'reported, for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, in the and passed. Manner therein mentioned. Building Leases of the Prebendal Lands at Kentish Town, in the County of Middlesex, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee -, and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry she Bill to the Lords j and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Jler Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and fumqnon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to bes Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over j and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed lor them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of 5 the

Trial of Mr* Hidings*

3° Junii.

A* 1788.

the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker less the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usualj and they went into lVeJl-minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Guerry’s Nat; Bill reported, and patted*

Mr. Jackson reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Lewis , was

committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the

Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

fries, by At Bridge, to M, in the County of

Dumfries; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir ‘Thomas Dyke Acland, Baronet, to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon Fines, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords haye commanded us to acquaint this House, That their l.ordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren HaJJin Esquire, on Friday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in miiijler Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The Lords have patted Acland’s Estate Bill.

.The Lord* will proceed on Friday on Mr. Haf-tings’s Trial.

yinc

fcirrp

The Lords have agreed to

Southward Paving Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of Southwark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of Surrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, Baronet, to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon FineS, and to invest the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Acland's Estate Bui read.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the House this Day, adjourn till Thursday Morning next.

House resolve* to adjourn to Thursday.

C*8'.M ’ ffpertet

several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East

Covtnt Garden Church Biy.

Division, in the said Act described; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex, for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish; without any Amendment: And also.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to amend so much of an Act, passed in the 29th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the licensing of Alehouse Keepers and Victuallers; and for regulating the Manner of granting such Licences in future, and also Licences to Persons selling Spirituous Liquors, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, upon ‘Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Alehouse' Keeper* Li-cenle Bill deferred.

Un

Caran

rtil

Billington and Wilpihire ln-riofure Bill*

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An

Bolton Road* Bill*

Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds within the several Manors or Lord-Ihips of Billington and Wif [hire, otherwise Wilpshire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn> and Honor of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn and County Palatine of Lancaster\ without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and from thence to the Guide Post near Goluourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Wimvick, and from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Toft near Golbourne Dale to Winwick; without any Amendment; And also.

An ingrossed Bill to continue the Term, and alter the Powers, of an Act made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty,’ for amending and widening the Road leading from the Bell Inn, at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road, leading from the Bell Inn} at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

NoithfielJ Road Bill

patted.

The House being informed that Mr. Morton, from the Directors of the East India Company, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the

Taunton Street Bill,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their Order,

Dumfrie* Road Bill.

Act to enable^ Sir Benjamin Knight, to lay

out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Maty Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the county of ; without any

Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dam-

Copies of Advices received by the Court of Directors of th tEaJlIndia Company, respecting Foreign

Shipping in the Ports of China, within the last Two Years.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the Paper, containing the said Copies, was read.

Ordered,

Ad vices respecting Foreign Shipping in China, presented.

1

Sad India Company’s Bill reported

Curates Licences Bill ftparted*

Bill respecting Commerce with Holland reported*

£xei*feB«tt

reported*

z8 Geo. III. 3 0 Junii533

Ordered, That the said Paper dp lie upon the Table, to bfe perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Paper be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Paper is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Bill to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond, was committed, the Amendment which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House j and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendment, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment was Twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported tfrom the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to exempt certain Licences granted to Assistant Stipendiary Curates from being chargeable with any Stamp Duties, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces into this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilbert, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, and granting other Duties in lieu thereof, for laying a Duty onStuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain, allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales, and for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise,. was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout, and then a Second Time, One- by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon. One of them was disagreed to, and the rest were agreed to by the House; and an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Vou XLIII.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committer oo to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, K'P°r'on Ear! to consider further of the Report which was made peiu'on!'' from the Committee to whom the Petition of the Right honourable Anthony James Earl of Newburgh,

Viscount Kinnaird, Baron Levingston of , in the Kingdom of Scotland, was referred, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee,

That he was directed by the Committee to make a Mo-tion, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Robert Burton accordingly reported from the "ported* said Committee, That he was directed by the Committee to move the House, that Leave be given to bring in a Bill for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled in the Year 1712 upon the late Charles,

deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly Relit Charge of £.2,500, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles Radc the Right honourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten, to commence from the 25th Day of March 1787.

And Mr. Robert Burton moved the House accordingly. , .

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill Bill ordered, for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled in the Year 1712 upon the late Chtfrles Radclyffe, deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly Relit Charge of £. 2,500, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles Radclyffethe Right honourable Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten, to commence from the 25th Day of March 1787: And that Mr. Robert Burton, Sir Herbert Mackworth, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. George Bridges Brudenell, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from Indies, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Report which was made from the Report onMr. Committee, to whom the Petition of George , of B,fhoP'" B«n-Maidstone, Distiller, was referred, be referred to the , Mm re err* ' said Committee. '

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com-

6 U mittec,

0

y — 5° Juni't. A. 1788,

mittee, That they have Power to reduce the Duties to

be paid upon the Materials used by Mr. Bishop in the

Distillation of Spirits at his Manufactory at Maid-

stone.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Friday Morning next.

ameritm The Order of the Day being read, for the House to ported from all other Foreign Parts in British Vessels, nXonersBUl* rc ^ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and the Quantities of the same imported in Foreign defctrcd. upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to Vessels, in each Year, enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Per-

fons who have fullered in their Rights, Properties, and The House being informed that Mr. Irving, Inspec- Account of Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in for General of the Exports and Imports of America, in Consequence of theiF Loyalty to His Ma- attended at the Door; he was called in; and, edintoLiwr-

jesty, and Attachment to the British Government; at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuan: to their Pielent' Resolved, That this House will, upon ThursdayMorn- Order,

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. An Account of all Kind of Grain and Flour imported into the Port of Liverpool for the last Seven

Theiuicii The Order of the Day being read, for the House to Years, ending ift January 17 38, and specifying whe-

dcferrcd.' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ther in British or Foreign Vessels.

upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An And then he withdrew.

Ad to enable Justices of the Peace to license Thea- And the Title of the said Account was read,

trical Representations occasionally, under the Restric- That the said Account do lie upon the Ta-

tiens therein contained. ble, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- The said Account is preserved amongst the other

ing next, resolve itself into the said Committee. Papers of this Session.

"Jovis, 50 dieyunii;

Anno 28° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That there be laid before this House, Account of an Account of all Kinds of Grain and Flour im- *"?orl(<, ported into the Port of Liverpool for the lad Seven imoLive^x'i, Years, ending January ill, 1788; distinguishing the ordered* Quantities of every Kind of Grain and Flour imported from Ireland and the If.e of in British Vessels, and the Quantities of the fames imported in Foreign Vessels, in each Year; and dirtinguishing the Quantities of every Kind of Grain and Flour, im-

:1

Bill for rcgu- Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Triaf/of con- further Consideration the Report from the Committee troverteii Klee- of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further tien» deferred. Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was recommitted, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Report be taken into further Consideration upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill to exempt certain Licences grant- Contes Li-ed to Assistant Stipendiary Curates from being chargeable with any Stamp Duties, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to exempt certain Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates from Stamp Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read; An ingrossed Bill for reducing the Duties on the Bill rafting

Committee on The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchan- ^nXnd Afnwn si»ve whole House, to C0R(ider further of the Bill for pro- dize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any passed, viding certain Temporary Regulations respecting the of the European Dominions of the States General of Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British. the United Provinces into this Kingdom, was read the Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere. Third Time.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Mr’. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee. be> An Act for reducing the Duties on the importa- Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. tlon of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the

Mr. Whitbre.id reported from the Committee, That Growth, Produce, or Manufacture, of any of the they had examined another Witness in Behalf of the European Dominions of the States General of the Petition of the Merchants, and others, interested in United Provinces into this Kingdom, the Trade to Africa, from the Port of Liverpool, and Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he Lords, and deflre their Concurrence, was directed by the Committee to move, that they may

have Leave to fit ao-ain. An ingrossed Bill to enable His Majesty to make Newfoundland

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the ^"yBlU

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Inconvenience which might arise from the Competi-House, to consider further of the said Bill. tien of His Majesty’s Subjects and those of the Mod

Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morn- «f the Island of Newfoundland, was read the Third ing next, Ten of the Clock. Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable His Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of His Majesty’s Subjects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Kland of

Ordered,

East India Company’s Bill passed.

Committee on Statements of American and East Florida Claims deferred.

American

LoyaliftsCom*

roilfioners Bill deferred.

Bill for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections again recommitted.

considered* and reported.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do Carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Servicesof the American'L.oyzW&s with the Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class, and also the Estimate of the probable Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined; and also, of the Statement of the Number and Amount of East Florida Claims received, the Number and Amount of liquidated Claims, and the Sum at which they have been liquidated by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, made up to May 30th, 1788.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee,

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Per-ibns who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Government,

be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for taking into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was re-committed, be now read.

And the said Order was read accordingly.

And the House being informed that some further Amendments are necessary to be made to the said Bill;

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed.

Resolved, That the said Bill be again re-committed to a Committee of the whole Houf\

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, That they had made several other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Young accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a

Second Time, One by One; anct, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Nin Folio 33, Line 5, by inserting, after the Ward " Election," the Words " and the Select Com. " mittee shall report to the House of Commons their " Determination on fudh Question or Questions, toge-" ther with the Number of the Majority which coff- curred in such Determination, and the said Report shall be entered in the Journals of the House; and " if the Number of the Majority concurring in this Determination shall consist of Two-Thirds, or upwards, of such Select Committee."

And the Question being put, That those Words be there inferred;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, MaillaL'J, J

Tellers for rf,e Noes, j J,he Ejrttf. +[_

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions therein contained, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Eiver took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ewer reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of AJrica, in British Ships, to Ybe West Indies, and elsewhere, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in ‘The West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. I.18. After "Provisions " to insert "Horses or Neat Cattle."

Pr. 2. 1. 1. After "Provisions" to insert "Horses " or Neat Cattle."

1, 6'. After " Provisions " to insert " Horses " or Neat Cattle."

1. 20. After " Provisions " to insert" Horses " or Neat Cattle."

1. 27, After " Provisions " to insert "Horses " or Neat Cattle."

Pr. 3, 1.13, After " Provisions " to insert " Horses " or Neat Cattle." .

1.17. After " Provisions " to insert " Horses , " or Neat Cattle."

1. 25. After " Provisions " to insert " Horses or Neat Cattle."

At the End of the Schedule to add " Horses £. 15

" per

Committee on Theatrical License Bill*

African Slav* Bill deferred*

West India and Quebec Trade Bill paised*

Trial of Mr. Hailing*

53 6 5° — 6°

"per Head, Neat Cattle £. 8 per Head."

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in 'The West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

Ordered, That Mr. William Grenville do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Junii. ’ 1788*

Melbourne, who was in Attendance upon His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, and Roger,

Esquire, One of the Managers, who was in the Managers Box, and who, being lately recovered from ajc-vere Illness, desired to be permitted to stay there without coming into the House.

Then the Names of the Committee, appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, were called over; and they went to the Places in minster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into -minsterHall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Veneris, 6° die Junii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIP'1 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

SjRD E RED, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly} and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this house, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Wefminj Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That the Places in Westminster Hall were clear of all Strangers, but that some Members were there, and in the Passages leading thereto, who refused to attend their Duty in the House.

The House yvas moved. That the Entry in the Journal of the House, of the 2d Day of March 1709, of the Proceedings of the House on appointing certain Members to go, with the Serjeant, into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, to be present at the Trial of Dr. Henry and

into the Passages leading thither, and fee the Orders of the House obeyed for clearing the said Places and JPassages, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the Right honourable Welbore Ellis, William liujfey, Esquire, Sir Charles Gould, and the Lord Westcotc, do go, with the Serjeant, and a Clerk, into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, tind into the Passages leading

thereto, and fee the Orders of the House obeyed for clearing the said Places and Passages; and to take the Names of such Members as shall refuse to obey the fame.

And they went accordingly.

And being returned;

Mr. Ellis reported, That all the Members who hsW been in the said Places and Passages were come from thence into the House, except the Lord Vifcouqt

A Mcflagefrom the Lords, by Mr. and Mr. tv lord*

Walker; win proved oa

Mr. Speaker, . _ £"£">

The Lords have commanded us tp acquaint this. Tmi. House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, on ’Tuesday next, at Ten of the' Clock in the Morning, in Hall.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Ministers and Elders of the Synod potionIW of Galloway, was presented to the House, and read; >« Synod of Representing the present State of the African Slave ^aing'lht* Trade, as being inconsistent with the Rights of Human Slave Tude. Nature, the Genius of the British Constitution, and the

Precepts and Spirit of the Gospel; and submicting the same to the Consideration.of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House being informed that Mr. Paton, from the A«onn« Commissioners of Excise, attended at the Door; he pict,fittolh* was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the ftnted!^^ House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of the Amount of Gallons of Walh distilled, and Duties charged on Low Wines and Spirits upon the respective Malt Distillers in and about London, from the respective Periods at which they commenced Work in 1782, until they ceased to Work in 1783: And also.

An Account of the Amount of Gallons of Walh distilled, and Duties charged on Low Wines and Spirits upon the respective Malt Distillers in and about London, from the respective Periods at which they commenced Work in 1783, until they ceased to Work in 1784: And also,

An Account of the Amount of Spirits sent out from, and received into, the Stocks of the feverat Malt Distillers in and about London within certain Periods therein mentioned.

And then he withdrew.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Resolved, That this House will, at the Rising of the Houseref«ivM House this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House Committee on to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Statement of the Claims examined EastFlorida by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Clwm*. Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, with the Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due to

eaclv

N

28 Geo. III.

6° Junii.

537

each Class, and also the Estimate of the probable Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined; and also, of the Statement of the Number and Amount of East FloridClaims received, the Number and Amount of liquidated Claims, and the Sum at which they have been liquidated by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Loflfes of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain,made up to May 30th, 1788, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

Motion for t Monthly Account of Expences incurred by the Solicitors fur the Impeachment ae.ainst Mr. Halting* fu-per Ceded,

'Report on Scotch Distill lery Bill deferred.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed,

That Mefl'rs. IVallis and Froward, Solicitors for the Impeachment against Warren , Esquire, do lay

before this House, on the First Day of every Month during the Continuance of the said Impeachment (if this House shall then be fitting, otherwise on the first Day this House shall fit after every such First Day of the Month) a particular Account of such Expences and Charges as shall have been incurred by the said Solicitors, as may have occurred subsequent to any Account by them previously delivered to this House, Rating specifically to whom, and on what Account, such Sums shall have been paid;

Ordered, That the other Orders of the Day be now read.

And the Order of the Day being accordingly read, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon "Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wadi, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof-, and for better regulating the Exportation of Bririj/b-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain impofts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was committed;

Ordered, That the said Report be received upon Monday Morning next.

The House was moved, that the Petition of the subscribing Merchants trading to South Carolina and Georgia, in Behalf of themselves, and others, interested therein, which was presented to the House upon the 5th Day of February last, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for authorizing the said Commissioners to enquire into the Losses of such Persons as have suffered in their Property by the Cession of the Province of to

the United States of America.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee,’ That they have Power to receive a Clause for authorizing the said Commissioners to receive the Claim or Claims of certain Persons who have been prevented, by particular Circumstances, from preferring the same during the Times limited by former Acts.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received upon Monday

Morning next.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Mtmothlfrom

House, by His Majesty’s Command,

A Memorial to His Majesty from the Minifies Churchwardens, and other Membefs of the English Episcopal Church at Rotterdam in Holland.

And the Title of the said Memorial was read.

The said Memorial is as followeth; viz.

the Member* of Gie Epif-copil Church at Rotterdam presented*

Committee on The other Order of the Day being read, for the House

v L^ducom- *° itself into a Committee of the whole House,

emiVioners Bill, upon the Bill for appointing Coirtmififioners futther to v* enquire into the "Loffes and Services of all such Per-

fons who have suffered In their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government;

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, for authorizing the said Commissioners to enquire into LoffesTuftainedby Persons, either by furnithingPro-visions or other Necessaries for the Service of His

To the KING'S Most Excellent Majesty.

The humble Petition of thu Minister, Churchwardens, and other Members of the Engljh Episcopal Church at Rotterdam in Holland\

Sheweth,

That, in the Beginning of this Century, there was a Church built in the City of Rotterdam for the celebrating Divine Service, according to the Usage of the Church of England.

That the Magistrates of Rotterdam granted, at the same Time, to the Members of the said Church, all the Civil Privileges of their own National Churches*

That there was a Subscription made in different Parts of England for building the said Church.

That her late Majesty Queen Anne, of glorious Memory, subscribed Five hundred Pounds.

That the Two Universnics of England, the Duke of Marlborough, and the Officers of the English Army then on the Continent, encouraged the Undertaking.

That a Sum, amounting to near Eight thousand Pounds, was collected by Subscription.

That the Church was afterwards built, and Divine Service celebrated in it for the first Time on Sunday, the zzd April 170S.

That the Expence of building the said Church exceeded the whole Amount of the Subscription.

That no Means could be found to rfiake good the Deficiency but by an Application to the Crown.

That, in Consequence of an Application, supported by the Earl of Strafford, her Majesty’s Ambassador at the Hague, and a Message from the Queen to the Commons, there was granted, in March 171-2, the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds Sterling,

? to complete the Charge of building a Church at Rot-

Majesty’s Navy or Army m America,during the late ter Jam, as appears on the Journals of the House of" \Var, or by having their Property used, seized, or de- Commons.

stroy ed, for the carrying on the Public Service there. That her \ate Majesty Queen Anne was pleased to

You-mil. X grant

6° — 90

A. 1788,

grant her Royal Bounty of One Hundred Pounds/>« Annum to the Minister of said Church, which has been graciously continued by her Successors, and by Your Majesty; and that the Appointment of the said Minister has always been in the Lord Bishop of.

That the Annual Expences of the said Church amount to the Sum of Two hundred Pounds Sterling, or thereabouts, besides the Reparation thereof, which has been defrayed by Your Majesty’s Petitioners, and other Members of the Church, without any other Relief than Your Majesty’s said Royal Bounty of One hundred Pounds, producing Eighty-two Pounds.

That an Expence for extraordinary Reparations has been incurred, within the last Ten Years, to the Amount of One thousand Pounds, which has left your Petitioners charged with a Debt, on Behalf of the Church, of Three hundred Pounds and upwards j and that there are other Repairs yet necessary to be done, which will amount, on the most moderate Estimate, to several Hundreds more.

'For these Reasons, we Your Majesty’s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, being Members of the Church of England', and settled in Rotterdam, humbly pray. That Your Majesty will be graciously pleased to take this Petition into Your Royal Consideration, and grant the Sum of One thousand Pounds, to enable us to discharge our present Debt, and to complete the necessary Reparation to be done to the said Church.

Rotterdam,

William Williams, Minister,

Ricbd Lilians,

James Smith,

Jasper Atkinson,

Thomas Littledale,

James Craufurd,

W"Tajker,

H. Latham,

Rob1 Tvoijs,

M. Manjon,

31st December 1787.

Peter Roche,

Ja‘ Martin,

Will9 Walker,

W. C. Pillans, Thomas Atkinson,

John Dixon,

James Cantley,

James Smith, Junior, George Heaton, Martha Smith.

East Flcridi

Commissionert

Bill.

The Lord* have agreed to

Wine Duties, *c. Bill.

Quarantine

BUI.

Bill respecting Commerce with Holland.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Lodes of all such Persons who have differed in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for reducing the Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth,

Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, into this Kingdom; without any Amendment:

And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Estates of Edward in Truf-

tees to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owiqg by him to the Crown; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable His Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of His Majesty’s Subjects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a Company’*

Mr. Henvill’* Compounding

Newfoundland frilhcry Bill*

East India

Ordered, That the said Memorial do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, next, Ten of the Clock.

Luncei 90 die Junii;

Anno a8* Georgii III*1 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

A MESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise, payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of,) and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in lieu thereof 5 for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Dominions of the French King, imported directly from thence; for obviating a. Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported 5 and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland-, without any Amendment: And also.

Curate* Licence* Bill.

Con soli dated Fund Bill.

The Lord*

hive parted Twiis’s Divorce Bill.

further Sum of Money upon Bond; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to exempt certain Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates from Stamp Duties; without any Amendment:

And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein-mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight; and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Twijs, Esquire, with Frances Dorrill his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned; to which the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the said Bill from the Lords w as read the First:

Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Achtid* Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, Baronet, to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon Fines, and to invest the Monies, arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will, was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hobart,

Mr. Phelips, &c.: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker’s Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit, and proceed upon the said Bill, Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Herbert Mackworth presented to the House, ac- EariofNew-

c rding to Order, a Bill for charging several Estates ^"icuie*11 in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and "

Estate Bill committed.

±8 Geo. III.

Petition* from Rothesay, Campbeltown, and Forfar, relative to the Cvnftitutiont of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland*

} V

»t>

tl

to

is

id

p°

539

Durham, settled in the Year 1712 upon the late Charles plaint: In conveying their Sentiments on Subjects so Radclyffe, deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his important, the Petitioners have deemed it incumbent First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment on them, and becoming the Dignity and Wisdom of of a clear Yearly Relit Charge of £. 2,500, payable the House, to support their Affmions by Authorities to the Grandson of the said Charles Radclyffe, the derived from the indisputable Evidence of Statutes, Right honourable Anthony "James, Earl of Newburgh, the Constitution of their Borough, or notorious Usage;

and the Heirs'Male of his Body to be begotten, to from these Authorities the Petitioners conceive them-commence from the 25th Day of March 1787: And selves entitled to affirm, and to represent to the House, the same was received; and read the First Time. invested as it is with a Constitutional Power of afford-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. ing Redress, that they labour under very great and

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time intolerable Grievances, not only in relation to the

Election of the Magistrates and Common Councils of the said Borough, and the Administration of the Property and Annual Revenues of the fame, but as being materially interested in the Prosperity and Independence of all the other Royal Boroughs in Scot-

Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses,

Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the Royal Borough of Rothesay, in that

Part of Great Britain called Scotland, was presented to land; and that the Petitioners rely, with the firmest the House, and read; Setting forth. That the ancient Confidence, on the Wisdom and Justice of the House, Constitutions of the Royal Boroughs of Scotland pof- that, for these very deep and intolerable Grievances,

sessed a very high Degree of Freedom, the whole n*‘11--- t>-j — r. u-;,

Magistrates, such as the Mayors, otherwise called Provosts, and Baillies, otherwise called Aldermen, and also the Town Councils, having been elctted Annually by the Free Suffrage of the Burgesses, otherwise called the Honest Men of the Borough, but, by several Acts, passed in the ^Parliament of Scotland, in

and posterior to the Year 1469, the ancient Constitution of the Royal Boroughs was fundamentally overturned, the Freedom of the Burgesses invaded, and Systems of Government established in the Boroughs of Scotland, which enabled Men once in Possession of Power to retain it for ever, by repeated Re-elections of themselves or their Friends and Dependants: Local Usageslikewife, altogether inconsistent with the Rights

they shall receive that Redress which their Nature and evil Tendency so loudly demand, and which it is natural for them jto expect, from the Spirit and Liberality of Men whose Dignity and Power confessedly originate in the Consent and Authority of the People: And therefore the Petitioners, Burgesses, Heritors, and Traders or Manufacturers, being Inhabitants of the said Borough of Rothesay, having, by fatal Experience and daily Observation, been impressed with the dcepeft Sense of the pernicious Effects of the present Systems of Borough Government in relation to the Liberty, Police, Revenue, Trade, and whole Administration of the Affairs of Boroughs, particularly of the said Borough of Rothesay, are thereby impelled _ to make the present Application to the House, in or-

of the Burgesses, have established Institutions whereby der to have these Systems altered, corrected, or amend-not only Persons thus self-elected, but also Persons ed, in all the Royal Boroughs of Scotland, in such without Residence, without Property, without Trade, Way and Manner as to the House shall appear proper without Interest of any Kind, in Boroughs, may for for removing the Evils complained of, and request, any Length of Time enjoy the important Offices of That the House do allow Counsel to be heard in Sup-Magistrates and Councillors; and, to these Local In- port of the Subject Matter of this Petition, ftitutions, created by Usage in direct Oppofuion to A Petition of the Persons subscribing, Burgesses, the inherent Rights of the Burgesses, the Decisions Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being In of the Courts of justice, even in the last Resort, have given the Force and Authority of Laws: Evident "Violations therefore, of the Liberties of the Burgesses, created by Statutes, and Local Institutions,

habitants of the Royal Borough.of Campbeltown, in that Part of Great Britain called Scotland: And also,

A Petition of the Persons' subscribing, Burgesses,

Heritors, and Traders, or Manufacturers, being In-consisting in nothing but Abuses and Deviations from habitants of the Royal Burgh of Forfar, in that Part Law and Right, pervade throughout the Government of Great Britain called of Boroughs , those direct Infringements of Liberty, and these gradual Corruptions of Time and of Usage, now matured into Systems, compose those partial and absurd Establishments in Boroughs, which have become not only the Subjects of the best founded Complaints, but also the Objects of very general Reproach; they are only veiled and pToteded by a po- Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to La»meeft»n pular Name, for they are called the Constitutiotts of the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new.Writ for Wt,u

the Royal Boroughs of Scotland; of this corrupt For- the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-mation, particularly, is the Sett or Constitution of the liament for the Borough of Dunbeved alias Launceflon, said Borough of Rothesay; and the pernicious Confe- in the County of Cornwall, in the room of George Rose, quences of these unjust and illiberal Systems have not Esquire, who, since hisEledion for the said Borough, only affected the Liberty and political Government^ hath accepted the Office of Clerk of the Parlia-

Were severally presented to the House, and read-, containing the same Allegations and Prayer as the preceding Petition.

And the said Petitions were severally ordered to lie upon the Table.

jVa

of Boroughs, their baneful Influence has also extended to every Branch of the Administration, and has contributed to prevent or render fruitless the Execution of Statutes made for the very Protection of the Revenues of Boroughs, reducing them to Poverty and

ments.

Vi»

An ingrossed Bill for repealing the Duties on Hides E*c'i* Bill and Skins dressed in Oil, and granting other Duties pllIc<1, in lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, Distress, by gross Misapplications and Dilapidations painted, stained, or dyed in Great Britain; allowing of their Revenues and Property, and enormous Con- Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be tractions of Debt: Impressed as the Petitioners are sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such-with the warmest Attachment to the Constitution of Sales; and for amending several Laws relative to the their common Country, and to the Person and Family Revenue of Excise, was read the Third Time, of their Sovereign, it is with deep Regret, but with An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to the a lively Hope of obtaining Redress of their Grie- Bill, by Way of Ryder, for subjecting all Skins im-vances, that they find themselves under the Necessity ported, but not entered, to the Duties imposed by Of approaching the House in the Language of Com- this Act only, and not to any other Duties.

3 And

Report on

Scotch Distillery Bill deferred.

Theatrical Licence Bill patted.

American Loyalists Commissioners Bill reported.

90 Junii. A. 1788.

And the said Clause was Thrice read; and, upon ihe Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Then the Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 3, 1% 10, After cc paid" to insert of or fe-K cured."

And the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House*; and the Bill Was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title b^. An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or Deer Skins undressed, Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil, in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in lieu thereof; for laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain; allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Floriday to be sold by Auction, free from the Duty charged on such Sales; for amending several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, and to prevent the Sale of Sweets, for Consumption, in the Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not have Licences to fell Beer or Ale.

Ordered, That Mr. Gilbert do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walk, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Ordered, That the said Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions therein contained, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ilujfey do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Mr. Gilberty according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for appointing Cornmiftioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy DifTentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Brhish Government, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon

the Question severally put thereupon, were, with several Amendments to One of them, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Gilberty according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, with the Amount of the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class, and also the Estimate of the probable Amount of such further Claims as remain to be examined 5 and also, of the Statement of the Number and Amount of East Florida Claims received, the Number and Amount of liquidated Claims, and the Sum at which they have been liquidated by the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, made up to May 30th, 1788, the Resolutions which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and ascerwards^delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same were read; and are as followed!; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for Satisfying the Claims of the several Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, amounting to the Sum of One Million Two hundred and Twenty-eight thousand Two hundred and Thirty-nine Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy DifTentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, in the Clafies N° 1, a, 3, 5, 6, and 7; contained in a Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, with the Amount and the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class, up to the 5th Day of April 1788, shall receive the full Amount of such Losses as far as the same do not exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and shall also receive, where the Amount of such Losses shall be above Ten thousand Pounds in the Whole, anti not above Thirty-five thousand Pounds in the Whole, Ninety Pounds per Centum of such Part of the said Losses as shall exceed Ten thousand Pounds; and where such Losses shall be above Thirty-five thousand Pounds, and not above Fifty thousand Pounds, Eighty-five Pounds per Centum of such Part of the said Losses as shall exceed Ten thousand Pounds 5 and where the same shall be above Fifty thousand Pounds, Eighty Pounds per Centum of such Part of the said Losses as shall be above

Repot on Statements of

Autet'.can and Ka it Klorula Chinn,

Ten thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee> That all Persons who have suffered in their Rights and Properties, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, in the Gaffes N° 4 and 8, contained in a Statement of the Claims examined by the Commissioners for enquiring into the Losses and Services of the American Loyalists, with the Amount and the Sums reported by them to be due to each Class, up»to the 5th Day of April 1788, shall receive the full Amount of such Losses, as far as the same do not exceed the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and shall also receive, where the Amount of such Losses shall be above Ten thou-x sand

Address for Pen (ions to t certain American LoyaLifts.

a8 Geo. III. J Junii. 541

sand Pounds in the Whole, and not above Fifty thousand Pounds in the Whole, Eighty Pounds Centum of such. Part of the said Losses as shall be above Ten thousand Pounds; and where such Lolfes shall be above Two hundred thousand Pounds, Thirty Pounds per Centum of such Part of the said Lolfes as shall be above Ten thousand Pounds.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Allowances Should be made to such Persons as have suffered during the late unhappy Dilfentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, whole Lolfes of Income, arising from Professions or Offices, have been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts, made in the Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty.seventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and who are not already adequately provided for, in the Proportion of Fifty Pounds per Centum for every One hundred Pounds of such Annual Income, not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and of Forty Pounds per Centum for every One hundred Pounds of such Income above Four hundred Pounds, where the Value does not exceed One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Ai.numin the Whole; and where the Value does

exceed One thousand Five hundred Pounds num in the Whole, then in the Proportion of Thirty Pounds per Centum for every One hundred Pounds exceeding Four hundred Pounds Annum.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for satisfying the Claims of the fevrtal Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, amounting to the Sum of One hundred and Thirteen thousand Nine hundred and Fifty-two Pounds Fourteen Shillings and Three Pence.

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Qudiion severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the First, Second, Third, and Fifth of the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Gilbert, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Marquis of GrahaMr. Edward James Eliot, Sir John Aubrey, the Earl of Mr.

Attorney General, Mr. Solicitor General, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Pensions be allowed to such Persons as have suffered, during the late unhappy Diffen-tiens in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, whole Losses of Income, arising from Pro-sessions or Offices, have been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts, made in the Twenty-third, Twenty-fifth, Twenty-sixth, and Twenty-seventh Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, and who are not already adequately provided for, in the Proportion of Fifty Pounds Centum for every One hundred Pounds of such Annual Income, not exceeding Four hundred Pounds, and of Forty Pounds per Centum for every One hundred Pounds of such Income above Four hundred Pounds, where the Value does not exceed One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum in the Whole; and where the Value does exceed One thousand Five hundred Pounds per Annum in the Whole, then in the Proportion of Thirty Pounds per Centum for every One hundred Pounds exceeding Four hundred Pounds per Annum and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good such Expences as shall be incurred on this Account.

Vol. XLIII.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, Colonel Robert Kingston, John Marsh, Esquire, and Robert Mackenzie,

Esquire, respectively, Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who -have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dilfentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain , and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

The House was moved, That the Memorial to His Majesty from the Minister, Churchwardens, and other Members of the English Episcopal Church at Rotterdam in Holland, which was presented to the House upon Friday last, might be read.

And the same being read accordingly j

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, That He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be issued, for repairing the English Episcopal Church at Rotterdam in Holland; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tregony, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of the Right honourable Sir Lloyd Kenyon, Baronet, now Lord Kenyon, Baron of Gredington, called up to the House of Peers.

The other Order of the Day being read j

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee.

And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr. Speaker, and Forty Members not being present, and it being then after Four of the Clock;

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

6 Y

Address for Money to the Amet if in Loy i iltsCora-missioners.

Address for Money to the Eift Florida Commissioners.

Address fat Money for re* pairing the Enclish Epif-cop^l Church at Rotterdam*

TregonyWrit*

Committee on African Slave Bill.

54*

i o° Juniu

A. 1788.

Mart is, lot;

Anno 28* Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Pr AYERS.

Trial of Mr. Hailing*.

ORDERED,

That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hall, and summon the Members there

to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speaker’s Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go into the Places appointed for the Members of this House in Westminster Hall, and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to atcend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuse to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported, That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

And the Names of the Committee appointed to be Managers at the Trial of Warren Esquire,

were called over; and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said Trial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk,

the Will, was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had di-rested him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment; and he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pbeiips do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Complaint being made to the House, that several Members had been interrupted this Day in coming to the House, by a Door being (hut at the Top of the Stone Stair Cafe, which Door was refused to be opened by one of the Door-keepers attending this House j

Mr. Thomas Baker, the said Door-keeper, was called in, and examined in relation thereto; and having informed the House, That the said Door was kept Ihut by Order of the Deputy Great Chamberlain, during the Time of the Procession of the Lords from the House of Lords to Westminster Hall

He was directed to withdraw.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Matter of the said Cohnplaint be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, Deputy Great Chamberlain of England, a Member of this House, be desired to attend this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Complaint of Members being interrupted in coining to the House.

Mr. Townshend prefen ted to the House, pursuant to the Directions of several Acts of Parliament,

Returns of the Qualifications of Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers, which have been transmit-

Returns of

Qualification# or Deputy Lieutenants and Militia Officers,

by their Counties, as usual j and they went into IV, Jt- " His "aj‘ft!''s PrciPal r°f S,"," fh’ p'""i

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for regulating Buildings and Party Walls in Bristol.

Northfield Road Bill,

minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned}

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Holford and Mr. Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof; without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for amending and widening the Road leading

the Home Department, since those presented to the House of Commons on the 8th of May 1787. Together with a List of the said Returns.

And the said Lift was read.

Ordered, That the said Returns do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Returns are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Lon proceed on Friday on Mr. Haltings's Trial.

Adand’s Eltete Bill reported and pulled.

A Bill for charging several F.states in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled in the Year 1712 upon the late Charles Radclyffe, deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his first and other

..... ..... Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly

from The Bell Inn,'llNorthfffd.inih'c County of JVor- Relit Charge of £. 2,500, payable to the Grandson of cester, to the Wool ton Turnpike, in the Great Turnpike the said Charles Radclyffe, the Right honourable Road leading from Stratford ufon Avon, in the County t Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same County; of his Body to be begotten, to commence from the

‘ 25th Day of March 1787, was, according to Order,

read a Second Time.

That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Rejohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning* resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Earl of New-t burgh's Bill committed.


without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajlingsy Esquire, on Friday next, at Ten of the Clock in the Morning, in Westminster Hall. And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Phelips reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable the Trusteesof the Will of Sir Thomas Dyke Acland, Baronet, to cut down and fell Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon Fines, and to invell the Monies arising therefrom in the Purchase gf Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confder further of the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Trans-portacion of the Natives o {Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies} and elsewhere.

Mr.

African Slave Bill deferred.

fceport from Committee appointed to inspect Return* relative to Charitable Donations*

Kll for regulating the Trials of controverted Elections, paired.

Duke of St. Albans Annuity Bill committed.

Bill for obviating a Doubt in Lady Maria Carlton's, &c. Annuity Act, ordered.

28 Geo. Ill*

to0 J.

543

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, appointed to inspect and consider the Returns made by the Ministers and Churchwardens relative to Charitable Donations fof the Benefit of poor Persons, in pursuance of an Act, passed in the Twenty sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, and to report, from Time to Time, their. Observations thereon to the House, and how far the Directions of the said Act have or have not been complied with; That the Committee had inspected and considered the said Returns accordingly, and had made some Observations thereupon, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the fame, cogether with an Appendix thereunto, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Report was read.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Report is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

N. B. A printed Copy is with the Original.

An ingossed Bill for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. 1. 22. To leave out " and Seal."

Pr. 23. 1. 34. After " relate " to insert " and to " all Intents and Purposes whatever, any Usage to the contrary notwithstanding."

Pr. 25. 1. 29. After " Year" to insert " of the " Reign."

Pr. 28. 1. 2. To leave out " the preceding," and insert " this " instead thereof.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. William Grenville do

qarry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

A Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, was read a Second Time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Eliot, and Mr. Steele, do prepare,/and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Bill for ob-Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- miing jesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to witfon" An- grant a certain Annuity to Brook Wat/on, Esquire; nuityAft,

<c late Commifiary General in North America, in Con- ordere^' lt sideration of his diligent and meritorious Services in that Office," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating a Doubt in the said Act: And that,

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James Eliot, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the ta<ly Ma/a House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating a Carlton’s, &c. Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of prefcmai.' the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, An Act

for settling and securing a certain Annuity for thti Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy -

ton, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the " Bath, and Guy Carlton and ‘Thomas Carlton, Sons of " the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of thtf " eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty " and this Country And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Mr. WitfW* House, according to Order, a Bill for obviating a ^f^yd®tU Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of r the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act " to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to " Brook Wat/on, Esquire, late Commissary General " in North America, in Corifidefation of his diligent " and meritorious Services in that Office:" And the same was received; and read the ft Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer presented to the Ammcin ana House, according t* Order, a Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rigl.ts and presented. Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government; and for making Compenfadon to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second Time Tomorrow Morning.

The House was moved. That an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling and securing a c< certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carl- ton. Wife of Sir Guy Car, Knight of the Most <c Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton " and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services per-<c formed by him to His Majesty and this Country," might be read.

And the same being read accordingly;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for obviating a Doubt in the said Act: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Edward James

The other Order of the Day being read;

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Report on the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in ferfed. Scotland upon Low Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof j and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, rfnd to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for

Home

Royal Assert to Bills,

Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The Wesi , was committed, be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 11° die Junii;

Anno a8* Georgii 3tU Regis, 1788.

P R A Y £ ft. S.

A MRS SAGE, by Mr . ghYeoman Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public and Private Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord President of the Council, and several other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills: And that the Earl the Earl of Salisbury, and the Lord Sydney, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills j which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for raising a certain Sum of Money by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

An Act for raising a further Sum of Money, by Loans or Exchequer Bills, for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money to be raised by a Lottery.

An Act for granting to His Majesty a certain Sum of Money out of the Consolidated Fund; and for applying certain Monies therein mentioned for the Service of the Year One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight j and for further appropriating the Supplies granted in this Session of Parliament.

An Act to repeal the Duties and Drawbacks of Customs and Excise, payable on the Importation and Exportation of Wine (except Wine the Produce of the European Dominions of the French King, Rhenish, German, and Hungary Wine, Portugal, and Madeira Wine, and Wine of the Produce of Spain, or of any of the Dominions of the King of Spain) and for granting other Duties and Drawbacks in Lieu thereof; to repeal the Duty of Excise upon Foreign Green Glass Bottles imported, and for charging an additional Duty of Customs in Lieu thereof; for ascertaining the Duty on Carriages, the Manufacture of the European Do-

1788*

minions of the French King, imported directly from thence; for obviating a Doubt with respect to the Duties on White Woollen Cloths exported; and for reserving to His Majesty the Hereditary' and other Revenues of the Crown in Scotland.

An Act for reducing the Duties on the Importation of certain Goods, Wares, and Merchandize, the Growth, Produce, or Manufacture of any of the European Dominions of the States General of the United Provinces, into this Kingdom.

An Act to enable the East India Company to borrow a further Sum of Money upon Bond.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the Clan-destine Running of UncustomedGoods, and preventing Frauds relating to the Customs; to the encouraging the Growth of Coffee in His Majesty’s Plantations in America; to the further Punishment of Persons going armed or disguised in Defiance of the Laws of Customs or Excise; to the more effectually encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Cotton in Great Britain -, to the allowing the Exportation of certain Quantities of Wheat, and other Articles, to His Majesty’s Sugar Colonies in America -, to the permitting the Exportation of Tobacco Pipe Clay from this Kingdom to the British Sugar Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies-, to the prohibiting the Exportation of Tools and Utensils made Use of in the Iron and Steel Manufactures of this Kingdom, and to prevent the fe-ducing of Artificers and Workmen, employed in those Manufactures, to go into Parts beyond the Seas; and to the preventing the Clandestine Running of Goods, and the Danger of Infection thereby; and, to revive and continue several Laws relating to the allowing a Drawback of the Duties on Rum shipped as Stores to be consumed on Board Merchant Ships on their Voyages j and to the ascertaining the Strength of Spirits by Clarke's Hydrometer.

An Act to continue several Laws relating to the granting a Bounty on the Exportation of certain Species of British and Irish Linens exported, and taking off the Duties on the Importation of Foreign Raw Linen Yarns made of Flax; and to the preventing the committing of Frauds by Bankrupts; and for continuing and amending several Laws relating to the Imprisonment and Transportation of Offenders.

An Act to exempt certain Licences granted to Stipendiary Curates from Stamp Duties.

An Act for amending an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for the Encouragement of the Southern Whale Filbery, and for making further Provisions for that Purpose.

An Act to enable His Majesty to make such Regulations as may be necessary to prevent the Inconvenience which might arise from the Competition of His Majesty’s Subjects and those of the Most Christian King, in carrying on the Fishery on the Coasts of the Island of Newfoundland.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties, in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

An Act more effectually to secure the Performance of Quarantine, and for amending several Laws relating to the Revenue of Customs.

An Act to render more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, intituled, "An Act for erecting certain Light Houses " in the Northern Parts of Great Britain."

An Act to indemnify such Persons as have omitted to qualify themselves for Offices and Employments; and to indemnify Justices of the Peace, or others, who have omitted to register or deliver in their Qualifications within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for those Purposes; and to indemnify 6 Members

io° — 11°

2.8 Geo. III. ii° Junii. 545

Members and Officers in Cities* Corporations, and Borough Towns, whose Admissions have been omitted to be stamped according to Law, or, having been stamped, have been lost or mislaid, and for allowing them Time to provide Admissions duly stamped; to give further Time to such Persons as have omitted to make and file Affidavits of the Execution of Indentures of Clerks to Attorhies and Solicitors, pr to pay the Duties on the Indentures and Contrafts of Clerks, Apprentices, or Servants; and for indemnifying Deputy Lieutenants, and Officers of the Militia, who have neglected to transmit Descriptions of their Qualifications to the Clerks of the Peace within the Time limited by Law, and for giving further Time for that Purpose.

An Act for allowing further Time for Inrollment of Deeds and Wills made by Papists, and for Relief of Protestant Purchasers.

An Act for vesting the Estates of Edward Henvill in Trustees to be sold, and for applying the Money arising by the Sale thereof in Discharge of a Debt owing by him to the Crown.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to license Theatrical Representations occasionally, under the Restrictions therein contained.

An Act to explain, amend, and enlarge the Powers of so much of Two Acts, passed in the Eleventh and Fifteenth Years of the Reign of His present Majesty, for improving and completing the Navigation of the Rivers Thames and IJis, from the City of London to the Town of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts, as relates to the Navigation of the said Rivers, from the Boundary of the Jurisdiction of the City of near

Staines, in the County of Middlesex, to the said Town of Cricklade.

An Act for making and maintaining a Navigable Canal from the Canal at Wood, in the County of Salop, to or near a Place called Southall Bank, and from thence by Two several Branches to communicate with the River Severn, One near Coallrook Dale, and the other near Madeley Wood, in the said County, and also certain Collateral Cuts to join such Canal.

An Act to explain and amend an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty King George the Third, for paving, cleansing, lighting, watching, and regulating the Squares, Streets, Rows, Lanes, Alleys, and other public Passages and Places, within the Parish of ehurch, in Middlesex, and for removing Nuisances and

Obstructions therefrom, and preventing the like for the future, and for paving and regulating such Parts of Brick Lane as are not within the said Parish.

An Act for enabling the Commissioners for putting in Execution an Act, made in the Sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for paving the Streets and Lanes within the Town and Borough of

wark, and certain Places adjacent, in the County of 6urrey, and for cleansing, lighting, and watching the fame, and also the Courts, Yards, Alleys, and Passages adjoining thereto, and for preventing Annoyances therein, to open, widen, and better regulate the several Streets, Lanes, and Passages, within the East Division in the said Act described.

An Act for pulling down and re-building the Parish Church of Saint Peter-le-Poor, within the City of London, and for widening the Street adjacent.

An Act for repairing the Church of the Parish of Saint Paul, Covent Garden, in the County of Middlesex,

- for repairing and improving the Gates and Avenues leading to the said Church, and for removing the present Watch House, and providing another for the Use of the said Parish.

An Act for taking down and re-building the Gaol of the Castle of Chester, the Prolhonotary’s Office, the Exchequer Record Rooms, and other Offices and Vol. XLIII.

Buildings adjoining or near to the said Gaol, and fot making proper Yards and Conveniences thereto.

An Act for re-building the . Bridge over the River Derwent, at or near the Town and Borough of Derby, and for improving the Avenues or Approaches thereto.

An Act for enlarging the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, of the Twelfth and Nineteenth Years of His present Majesty’s Reign, made for building a Temporary Bridge, and compleating a new Stone Bridge over the River Tyne, between the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne and Gateshead, in the County of Durham, and making the Avenues to, and the Passages over, the fame, more commodious, and for removing and preventing Nuisances and Annoyances in the Streets, Lanes, or Avenues, leading to the said new Stone Bridge, within the Town of Gateshead, in the County of Durham.

An Act for building a Bridge over the River at or near Sawley Ferry, in the Counties of Derby and Leicester.

An Act for widening and rendering commodious a certain Street, called Broad Street, within the City of Bristol, and for enlarging the Council House and Guildhall of the said City, and providing public Offices thereto, and Repofitbrieslor the Books, Papers, and Records, of the said City.

An Act for removing and preventing Encroachments, Obstructions, Annoyances, and other Nuisances, within the City of Bristol, and the Liberties thereof, and for licensing and better regulating Hackney Coaches, Chairs, Waggons, Carts, and other Carriages, and the Owners, Drivers, and Carriers thereof, ‘ respectively, and Porters and other Persons within, and for certain Distances round, the said City and Liberties, and for better regulating the Shipping and Trade, and the Rivers, Wharfs, Backs, and Quays, and the Markets within the famq City and Liberties j and for other Purposes.

An Act for establishing a permanent Fund for the Relief and Support of Skippers and employed

on the River Tyne, who by Sickness, or other accidental Misfortunes, or by Old Age, shall not be able to maintain themselves and their Families, and also for the Relief of the Widows and Children of such Skippers and Keelmen.

An Act to enable Sir Benjamin Knight, to

lay out and build a new Street, from Fore Street to the Church of Saint Mary Magdalen, within the Town of Taunton, in the County of 'Somerset.

An Act for regulating Buildings and Party Walls within the City of , and the Liberties thereof.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Road from Doncaster, through Ferrybridge, to the South Side of Tadcaster Cross, in the County of York.

An Act to enlarge the Terms and Powers of Two Acts, passed in the Eighteenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, and the Tenth Year of His present Majesty’s Reign, for repairing the Road from Birmingham, in the County of Warwick, through Elmdon, to a Lane leading by the End of Stone Bridge, in the said County.

An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the same relate to the Roads from the Red , near Doncaster, to the South End of Wakefield Bridge, and from Wakefield to Pontefract, and from thence to Weeland, in

the Township of Henjall, and from Pontefract to

Wentbridge,in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for amending, widening, and keeping in Repair, the Road from Carmarthen to Lampeter Pont

Stephen, in the County of and from -

6 Z very,

ii° Juniu

A \ 1788*

very, in the County of Carmarthen, to Lampeter Pent Baronet, also deceased, to grant Leased of the Coal and Stephen, aforesaid. other Mines within the said Eftares.

An Act for continuing the Term, and altering the An Act for dividing and inclosing a certain Moor Powers, of certain Acts of Parliament, so far as the or Common within the several Townships of,

fame relate to repairing the Uoad from Rotherham to Y Little Langton, and Dauby upon l'ome the Four Lane Ends near Wort ley, in the West Riding or One of them, in the North Riding of the County of of the County of York, and for discharging the Truf- York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Commons and Waste Grounds within the Township of in

the Manor and Parish of Sheffield, in the West Riding of the County of

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Open

tees from the Care of the Road from the Four Lane Ends aforesaid to Hartcliffe

/ An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers of so much of an Act, made in the Ninth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for re

*c pealing so much of Two several Acts of Parliament, - Fields, and also a certain Common or Parcel of Waste

made and palfed in the Seventeenth and Twenty " eighth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, as relate to the Road from the *c End of the County of Stafford, in the Post Road towards the City of Chester, through Woor, in the *c County of Salop, to Nantwin the County of Chester, and from Nantwich to and from

" thence, through Yarvirt, in the said County of Chester, to the said City of Chester, and for more ef- feftually repairing, widening, and supporting the " same Road; and also for repairing and widening the Road from Northwich,in the said County of " Chester, to the Cross in Yarvin aforesaid," as relates

to the Second and Third Districts of Road comprized

Ground, within the Township of Feathcrfionc, in the West Riding of the County of York.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Stinted Pastures called Old Pasture, New Botton, and

LofgillBank, in the Township of in the County of York.

An Act for dividing, allotting, and inclosing a certain Common Moor, or Tract of W afte Land, called Yynemouth Moor, Shire Moor, Billy Moor, or Mill Moor, within the Manor of Yynemouth, otherwise Yynemouthshire, otherwise Yynemouth with -7

Shire, in the County of Northumberland.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the several Commons or Waste Grounds, within the several Manors or

Fn the said Act of the Ninth Year of the Reign of His Lordships of Billington and Wi'pffire, otherwise

present Majesty; and for including the Road from Vicker's Cr'ojs to the Turnpike Road leading from P'lookerjhrook Bridge to Frodjh in the said Third District.

An Act to enlarge the Term and Powers of an Act, passed in the Twency-ninth Year of the Reign of King George the Second, for repairing the Road from Shrewjlniry to Wrexham, in the County of Denbigh, and from Wrexham to Chester, and also from Broughton to Mold, in the County of Flint, and several ocher Roads therein mentioned ;and for making and repairing a Road From the said Wrexham and Chester Road, to the Wrexham and Ruthin Road, in the County of Denbigh.

An Act for enlarging the Term of an Act, made in

Shire with Dinckley, in the Parish of Blackburn and Ho-

nor of Clitheroe, in the Hundred of Blackburn and County Palatine of Lancaster.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Fields and Waste Lands within the Manors of -marshal, Yirymynecb, and Deytheur, in the County of Montgomery.

An Act for naturalizing John Phillip Weber.

An Act for naturalizing Daniel Nantes.

An Act for naturalizing the Reverend Lewis Guerry.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Lady Mam Reading of the Bill for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenry-sixth Year of the Reign of Hip committed.

the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling and for repairing and widening the Roads from a certain Place near Bolton in the Moors to Leigh, and from thence to the Guide Post near Golbourne Dale, and to the South End of Newton Bridge, and from the said Guide Post to Winwickand from Newton, by Parr Stocks, to the Guide Post in Parr, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, and for making more effectual Provision for repairing and widening the said Roads, except from the said Guide Post near Golbourne Dale t6 Winwick.

An Act for repairing and widening the Road from Dumfries, by JE Bridge, to Moffat, in the County of Dumfries.

An Act to continue the Term and Powers of an Act, made in the Seventh Year of the Reign of His pre-

« securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady " ria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Knight of the

"Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Ybomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy <e Carlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services te performed by him to His Majesty and this ,"

be now read.

And the said Order being read;

The laid Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a -

tee of the

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House,

juauc in me ocvciuu icar oi me ncign ot ms pre- ° fL_ r-j d;ii sent Majesty, for amending and widening the Road ?

leading from Yhe Bell Inn at Northfield, in the County of Worcester, to the Wootton Turnpike, in the Great Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Se- Mr. Watson’a Turnpike Road leading from Stratford upon Avon, in cond Reading of the Bill for obviating a Doubt in an the County of Warwick, to Birmingham, in the same Act, made in the Year of the Reign of eomau

County. His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable

An Act for enabling Charles Earl Camden to grant, " His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Brook in the Manner therein-mentioned. Building Leases of " Watson, late Commissary General in

" North America, in Consideration of his diligent " and meritorious Services in that Office," be now read.

And the said Order being read The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed so a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning

the Prebendal Lands at Ken Yown, in the County of Midd!if ex.

An Act to enable the Guardian of Sir Stephen Richard Glynne, Baronet, an Infant, and also Francis

Glyr.ne, Esquire, and likewise the Guardians of the several Persons who may hereafter become entitled to the Estates in the County of Flint, comprized in the Settlement made on the Marriage of John Conway Glynne, Esquire, deceased, and the Will of Sir John Glynne,

American and £att Florida Sufferers Bill committed.

Account* rr* Jating to the Ordnance* presented.

Committee or Earl of Newburgh's Bill.

48 Geo. m.

n0 Junii

547

ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the Second Reading of the Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Diffemions in Americain Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Ccffion of the Province of East Florida to the King of be now

read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The said Bill was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mr. Aldridge presented to the House, pursuant to their Orders,

An Account of any Balance of the Sums voted for the Service of the Ordnance, for the Year 1787, and remaining either in the Exchequer, or in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Ordnance, on the ift of January 1788: And also,

An Account of the Sums expended for the Sea Ser-

ing, resolve itself into a Coriimittee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill*

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into the said Committee.

Di>k* of 9r.

Albans Annuity Bill deferred.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several Duties payable in upon Low

Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Waft, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to , and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a Time to be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports

Report on. Scotch D-ft tilery Bill de-fen cd.

vice of the Ordnance in 1783, 1784, 1785, and 1786; and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from

West Indies, was committed, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly; Ordered, That the said Report be received

To-

morrow Morning,

distinguishing the Expenditure in each Year: And also.

An Account of the several Sums of Money paid by the Storekeeper of the Ordnance at Pertfnoutb or Priddys-bard, and by him, or them, to Overseers,

Labourers, &c. employed on the Works at Fort Cumberland , and also, an Account of the several Sums of Money paid by Debenture to Contractors or Artificers, for Articles furnished for those Works since the 19th Day of May 1786, with the Names of such Contractors or Artificers: And also.

An Account of all Sums of Money received from the Sale of old Ordnance Stores since the ift Day of January 1784; and how the same has been expended.

And the Titles of the said Accounts were read.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The said Accounts are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled in the Year 1711 upon the late Charles Radclyffe, deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly Relit Charge of £. 2,500, payable to the

Grandson of the said Charles Radclyffe, the Right ho- An ingrossed Bill for appointing Commissioners fur-nourable Anthoicy James, Earl of Newburgh, and the ther to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such

The Order of the Day being read, for resuming the adjourned Consideration of the Matter of the Complaint made Yesterday to the House, That several Members had been interrupted in coming to the House, by a Door being (hut at the Top of the Stone Stair Cafe, which Door was refused to be opened by One of the Door-keepers attending this House;

And Sir Peter Burrell, Baronet, being in his Place;

The Minutes of the Examination of Mr. Thomas Baker, the said Door-keeper, taken Yesterday, were read.

And Sir Peter Burrell was heard in his Place.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the further Consideration of the Matter of the said Complaint be adjourned till this Day Three Months;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

rr , r u v t The Lord , 7

Tellers for the Yeas, Sjr n„ml D‘Wa,. J4>-

Tellers for the Noes, 1

Mr. Elphinstone, 1 The Lord Newhaven :j 5’ So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

to com--be now

Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten, mence from the 25th Day of March 1787, read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr.'Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, That they had made a Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morro^ Morn-

Confidentmn of Complaint

Mcmbeis being interrupted in coming to the Home, put oft lor j Months.

Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Diffemions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty tp His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, was read the Third Time.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; riz*

Pr. 8. 1. 6. To leave out u and, " and after " Ann (C Fin I ay Jon" to insert " Robert Tacjfe, ci James Higgins, Bartholomew Hen-<c nery, John Pclfon, Hugh Poijon, and i€ Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Young" y L 19. To leave out 11 and, " and after " Atm " Fivlayjon" to insert u Robert Taajjc, 3 " James

American Loyo lifts Commissioner! Bill patted.

ii° — 120

Accounts relating to tbt Ordnance to be printed.

cc James Higgins, Bartholomew Hen-€t nery> John Polfony Hugh Polfon, and cc Lieutenant Colonel Thomas Tcung." And the said Amendments were, upon the Ques-tien severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House 5 and the Bill was amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Loflfes and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in-their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the several Accounts, which were this Day presented to the House by Mr. Aldridge, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

African Slave Bill deferred.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Trans-

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most. Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly j The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Young took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Committee 00 Duke of St. Albans Annuity Bill*

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from: the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the several.

Scotch Distillery Bill reported.

portation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines and Spi-

Ybe West Indies, and elsewhere.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovts, I 2°Junii;

Anno 28° Georgii IIllii Regis, 1788.

Committee on Lady Maris Carlton's, &c. Annuity Bill.

rits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof} and for better regulating the Exportation of Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a Time to ]be limited, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imposts and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies, was committed.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling and securing a.

« certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, reported to the House j and he read the Report in his Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Ho- Place i and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the nourable Order of the Bath/and Guy Carlton and Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Thomas Carlton,' Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, Amendments were Once read throughout; and then in Consideration of the eminent Services performed a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Ques-by him to His Majesty and this Country." tien severally put thereupon, some of them were dif-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. agreed to; and the rest were, with Amendments to

Mr. Young took the Chair of the Committee. several of them, agreed to by the House.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

Mr. Young reported from the Committee, That they if after taking Stock the Distiller does not take out a had gone through the Bill, and had directed him to License within a limited Time, no Spirits shall be

U

cr

cc

report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Committee on The House, according JUnJtvBm* *nt0 a Committee of the uFv»

' Bill for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the

to Order, resolved- itself the whole House, upon the

removed without a Permit.

And the said Clause was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to restraiti Mr. Bishop from distilling Geneva in any other Manufactory than at Maidstone.

And the said Clause was Twice read, and, upon the

to

Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House

jesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to be made Part of the Bill.

« grant a certain Annuity to Brook Wation, Esquire, Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, late Commissary General in North America, in Con- to permit Distillers in Scotland to be charged on the

" sideration of his diligent and meritorious Services Gallon of Walh, as in England.

« in that Office." And the Question being put, That the said Clause

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. be brought up;

Mr. Young took the Chair of the Committee, It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

to

28 Geo. III.

i2° — 130

54P

A*

t)fmen(ions of Ships employed in the African Slave Trade, ordered.

to permit the Scotch Distillers to work Geneva, as in

Holland for Exportation.

And the Question being put, That the said Clause be brought up;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made; by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Copy of a Return made to the Comptroller of the Navy, of the Dimensions of certain Ships in the Port of Liverpool employed in the African Slave Trade.

several to ap-

Return of Dimensions of J)° Ships, prefen ted.

te Door-keepers be directed to attend at the " Doors opening to such Passages, in order f< prize the Members of this Order."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, lb amended, being putt Ordered, That no Member of this House do remain in, or do cross, or pals through, any Part of the Pa f-sages leading from the Door of the Lobby of this House to the Gallery, prepared for the Members of this House, in Hall, or from the Tempo-

rary Door at the Top of the Stone Stair same to the said Gallery, during the Time that the Court are in regular Procession to or from the said Hall; and that Sir Charles Middleton presented to the House, pur- the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do keep

luant to their Order,

Copy of a Return made to the Comptroller of the Navy, of the Dimensions of certain Ships in the Port of Liverpool employed in the African Slave Trade.

And the Title of the said Return was read.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said

the said Passages clear of Members at such Times.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Committee on a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Sufferers 'll. Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dif-

Return be printed, as shall be suficient for the Use fentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty

of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the said Return be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The fVeJt Indies, and elsewhere, is committed.

The said Return is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

Committee on RarJ of New-

feurgh’s Bill.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the‘House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider furthenbf the Bill for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled in the Year 1712 upon the late Charles Radclyffe, deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly Relit Charge of f. 2,500, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles

to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Confe-x quence of the Ceflion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Steele took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Steele reported from the Committee, that they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had him to

report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

Radclyffe, the Right honourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of his Body to be ' begotten, to commence from the a§th Day of March 1787, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolveditfelf into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker heft the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Robert Burton reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to'report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for pro-

Order for keeping the Pa/Kiges dear during the Pro-ccJlion to and from Weit-mmlter Hall.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That no Member of this House do remain in, or do crols, or pals through, any Parc of the Passages leading from the Door of the Lobby of this House to the Gallery, prepared for the Members of this House, in Westminster Hall, or from the Temporary Door at the Top of the Stone Stair same to the said Gallery, during the Time that the Court are in regular Procession to or from the said Hall j and that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do keep the said Passages clear of Members at such Times; and that the Door-keepers be directed to attend at the several Doors opening to such Passages, in order to apprize the Members of this Order;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " and that the Vol. XL1JI.

viding certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British, Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, That they had examined another Witness in Behalf of the Petition of the Merchants, and others, incerested in the Trade to AJrica, from the Port of Liverpool, and had made a further Progress in the Bill; and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V ?neris, 130 die Junii;

Anno 28° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Committee oa African Slav* Bill.

A

Pit AYERS.

N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled. An

_____Aft to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Twifs,

Esquire, with Frances Dorrill his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second Time.

7 A Resolved,

Twlft’s Divorce Bill committed*

1S° J

A.

Resolvei% That the Bill be committed.

Refohedy That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, for the said Bill, and also that they do hear Counsel, and examine Witnesses, against the said Bill, if the Parties concerned think fit to be heard by Counsel, or produce Wicnesses,

King of Spain, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had d\re£t^d him to report to the House 1 and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, ‘One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereto pon, were agreed to by the House; and several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Tntl of Mr. Hidings.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, into the Lobby, and Places adjacent, and the Passages leading to Westminster Hally and summon the Members there to attend their Service in the House immediately.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Ordered, That the Sei^eant at Arms attending this House, do go, with the Mace, and clear the Lobby, and the Speakers Chambers, of all Strangers.

And he went accordingly; and returned.

Mr. Toungy according to Order, reported from the Mr. Watson'* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty- rc*ortc sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty* intituled, <c An Act to enable tits Majesty to grant a <c certain Annuity to Brook WatJony Esquire, late cc Commissary General in North America, in Con-<c sideration of his diligent and meritorious Services <c in that Office," was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this they had directed him to report to the House \ and he

_ _ _ ®_A. _ - ¥ 1 "'l % ... A.1 M m A. mm a a m M 1 1 m X

House, do go into the Places appointed for the Mem bers of this House in Westminster , and clear the same of all Strangers, and summon the Members there, if any, and in the Passages leading thereto, to attend their Service in the House immediately; and, if he find any Strangers in the said Places or Passages, who refuie to go out, that he take them immediately into his Custody.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned, he reported. That there was no Person in the said Places or Passages.

read the Report in "his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at' the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One j and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for obviating a Doubt in an Act, Mari* made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His ^nu^yBUi*

And the Names of the Committee, appointed to be present Majesty, intituled, An Act for settling and patted.‘

Managers at the Trial of Esquire,

were called over j and they went to the Places in Westminster Hall appointed for them.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, in order to be present at the said T rial.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Then the Members were called over by the Clerk, by their Counties, as usual; and they went into

minster Hall accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Duke of St. Albans Annuity Bill reported.

" securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of " the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy " Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir " Guy Carlton, in Consideratiorv of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this «« Country," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling and securing a a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria

ton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlt, Knight of the Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy

ton, in Consideration of the eminent Services performed by him to His Majesty and this Country." Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the

C£ttn m I

Tut

at

Tu

sn

K

Ti

cc

cc

cc

cc

cc

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do make the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to

the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans, was

committed.

Mr. Steele accordingly reported from the said Com- Lords, and desire their Concurrence, mittee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed to be Mr. Robert Burton, according to Order, reported Earl of New.

reported to the House *, and he read the Report in his from the Committee of the whole House, to whom

American and East Florida Sufferer* Bill reported*

Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the ^the Bill for charging several Estates in the Counties of Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled in Amendments were Once read throughout; and then the Year 1712 upon the late Charles de-

a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Ques- ceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and tien severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear House. Yearly Relit Charge of £.2,500, payable to the

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Grandson of the said Charles Radclyffe, the Right ho-ingrossed. nourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh, and the

Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten, to commence Mr. Steele, according to Order, reported from the from the 25th Day of March 1787, was committed. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Amendments which the Committee had made to giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their the Bill, and which they had directed him to report Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dif- to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; fentions in Atnerica, in Consequence of their Loyalty and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amend-to His Majesty and Attachment to the British Govern- ments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendment, and for making Compensation to such Persons ments were Once read throughout; and then a Second as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally the Cefilon of the Province of East Florida to the put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

5 A Clause

i8 Geo. III.

13° — 16°

551

The Lord* hare agreed to

Stage Coach

Passengers

BiJJ.

West India and Quebec Trade Bill.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Relit Charge shall not be aliened or incumbered, except as therein mentioned.

And the said Clause was Twice read j and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed’to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Then an Amendment was made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Me/Tage from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Graves:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for limiting the Number of to be car-

ried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages j without any Amendment: And also.

Where the Amendments were Once read throughout j and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingro/Ted.

The other Order of the Day being read;

The House resolveditfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee. And the Committee having been told, and Forty Members not being present;

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And the House being told by Mr* Speaker, and

CommiVec cA African Slave Bill.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to allow the Importation of Rum or other Spirits Forty Members not being present, and it being then from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The after Four of the Clock;

or Plantations in West Indies into the Province of Quebec, without Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions j without any Amendment: And al ExciTe Bill, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or Deer Skins undressed. Buck or Deer Skins Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof for laying a Duty on Stuffs, printed, painted, stained, or dyed, in Great Britain , allowing Deer and other Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction, free fratn the Duty ’ charged on such Sales j for amending several Laws

relative to the Revenue of Excise, and to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not have Licences to fell Beer or Ale; without any Amendment: And also.

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, till Monday Morning next. Ten of the Clock.

Lunce, 16° die Junii}

Anno 28° Georgii III'" Regis, 1788.

burgh's Bill passed.

Chimney Sweepers Bill, with Amendments.

The Lords will proceed on the First Tuesday in the next Session on Mr. Haihners’s Trial.

House refoJres to adjourn to Monday.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweepers, and their Apprentices, with some Amendments 5 to ' which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will proceed further in the Trial of Warren Hajl Esquire, upon the First I’uejday in the next Session of Parliament.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Prayers*

AN ingrossed Bill for charging several fiftates in EartoffW* the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and R,"

Durham, settled in the Year 1712 upon the late Charles Radclyffe, deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly Relit Charge of f. 2,500, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles Radclyffe, the Right honourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten, to com-

Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of this Day, adjourn till Monday Morning

the House next.

Whitehaven Mirbour and Roads Bill reported.

Mr. James Low (her reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill fur continuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers " of several Acts of Parliament, relacing to the Har-f bour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, " and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and " Town of Whitehaven , and for further enlarging the

" fa,id Harbour i and for lighting the said Town, and " supplying the same with Water; and for regulating the Carmen there -, and for repealing so much of " an Act of the Twenty-third ar of the Reign of " his late Majesty, as relates to the Road from " Bridge to Egremont, and directing how the said Road w shall be repaired; and for repairing several other "Roads therein mentioned, in the said County," was committed; That the Committee had examined the Allegations of the Bill, and found the same to be true; and that the Committee had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the ‘ Report in his Place; and afterwanls delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table:

mence from the 25th Day of March 1787, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for charging several Eftares in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and,

settled upon the late Charles Radcliffe, deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly Relit Charge of £. 2,500, payable to the Grandson of the said Charles Radcliffe, the Right honourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh, and the Heirs Mali of his Body to be begotten.

Ordered, That Sir Herbert Mackworth do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence*

An ingrafted Bill for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His *c Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to Z?rc(7/£

" Jon, Esquire, late Commiftary General in North c< America, in Consideration of his diligent and meri- torious Services in that Office," was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, «< An Act to enable His Majesty " to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Watson, Esquire,

" late Commissary General in North in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services ‘ in that Office."

Mr. Watson'i Annuity Bill passed.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

the Bill to the An

i 6° Junii.

A. 1788.

Duke of St. Albans Annuity kill pasted.

Whitehaven Harbour and

Roads Bill

palil-d.

An ingossed Bill to enable His Majesty to grant a Pr. 8. 1. 38. After "-Books " to insert« or to his certain Annuity to the Moil Noble Aubrey Duke of or her lawful Attorney."

Saint Albans, was read the Third Time. And the said Amendment was, upon the Question

Resolved, Thac the Bill do pals: And that the Title put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and the Bill be An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain was amended at the Table accordingly.

" r , That the Bill do pass: And that the Title

Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint -bars.

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

An ingossed Bill for continuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reigri of His present Majesty, intituled, ct An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to " the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of - berland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven , and for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said

be, An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have Buffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Ccifion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain

Ordered, That Mr. Steele do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

tt

An ingossed Bill for discontinuing, for a limited Town, and supplying the same with Water ;and Time, the several Duties payable in upon Low

" for regulating the Carmen there j and for repealing Wines and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other " so much of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and *' the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the for granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu te Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of ,l how the said Road shall be repaired; and for re- British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and " pairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a " the said County," was read the Third Time. Time to be limited, an Act made in the Twenty-sixth

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Ti- Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to difeon-tle be, An Act for continuing an Act, made in the tinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, upon Low Wines and Spirits, for Home Consumption, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and and for granting and securing the due Payment of Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to other Duties in Lieu thereof; and for the better Rcthe Harbour of Whitehaven,in the County of Cum- gulation of the making and vending British Spirits, " berland, and to the Roads leading to the said Har- and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Im-bour and Town of Whitehaven; and for further en- polls and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from West Indies,-was read the Third Time.

Scotch Distillery BiiJ pill-ed.

Sure of African Forts Relented.

" larging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said ,f Town, and supplying the same with Water; and " for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing " so much of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the " Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and directing " how the said Road shall be repaired; and for re-" pairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County."

Ordered, That Mr. James Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Mr. Brett, from the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain, presented to the House, pursuanc to the Directions of an Act of Parliament,

N° 1. State and Condition of Fort , dated

28th February 1788: And also,

N° 2. State and Condition of British Commenda Fort, dated 8th March 1788: And also,

N° 3. State and Condition of Dixcove Fort: And also,

N° 4. State and Condition of Cape Coajl Castle, dated 15th March 1788.

Together with a Schedule of the said Papers.

And the said Schedule was read.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The laid Papers are preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session.

The Amendments following were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 4. 1. 9. After " Act " to insert " in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland."

' Pr. 9. 1. 26. After " Act " to insert in that

Pr. 11. 1. 14.

Pr.

1. 29. I.31. 16.1. 9.

American and Eatl Florida Sufferers Bill pttfed.

An ingossed Bill for giving Relief to such Persons as have Buffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty and Attachment to the British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have Buffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain, was read the Third Time.

The Amendment following was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Part of Great Britain called " land."

After «« Stills" to insert " in that " Part of Great Britain called Scot-Cf land."

Pr. 14. 1. 25. To leave out from " Spirits " to the End of Line 26.

After " from " to insert " any of."

To leave out " in any."

After Possession " to insert " in " that Part of Great Britain called " England."

After " Act " to insert in that " Part of Great Britain called Scotland"

Afcer " Act " to insert of in that ct Part of Great Britain called Scotland."

After " Stills " to insert c< in thac (t Part of Great Britain called Scotland"

To leave out from " in " to <c Or " in 1. 39, and insert " England and " Scotland respectively " instead thereof.

To leave out from " Force" to the End of Line 1. in Press 31.

To leave out " Five," and insert " Two" instead thereof.

After shall " to insert " be duly " licensed according to the Directions of this Act, and " shall."

After " England " to insert tc that is " to say,"

8 Pr.

Pr. 17. 1. 8.

1. 14. Pr. 25.1. 9. Pr. 29.1.37.

Pr. 30.1. 43. Pr. 43* J* 38* Pr. 45.1.17.

1. 40.

28 Geo.

16° Junii.

Pr.49. ]. 9. Pr. 73. I. 19. Pr. 75. 1. 5.

To leave out from cf respectively " " to " and " in Pr. 50. 1.10.

To leave out from made " to " in " in 1. 20.

After " imported " to inlert " from "that Part of Great Britain called cc Scotland into that Part of Great

55 3

and insert

1. 7. Leave out " Lordship,’

" Lordships."

1. 8. Leave out from First " and " to the First " 2nd " in I. 17. and insert " Aberjfra

Pr. 43. J. 29. Leave out from " paid " to " And " in Fr. 44. 1. 16.

And a Member present having acquainted the

Britain called England.

And the said Amendments were, upon the Question House, That he was authorized, by the Agent for the severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House; and several Parties interested in the said Bill, to inform ihe Bill was amended at the Table accordingly. the House, that they had been acquainted with the

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Amendments made by the Lords, and gave their Con-be. An Act fordiscontinuing, for a limited Time, the lent to the said Alterations;

several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines The said Amendments were severally read a Second and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Li- Time, and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, quors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for were agreed to by the House.

granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof; Ordered, That Mr. Jackson do carry the Bill to the and for better regulating the Exportation of British- Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath made Spirits from England to Scotland', and from Scot- agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. land to England, and to continue, for a limited Time;

an Atft, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign The House proceeded to take into Consideration

of His present Majesty, to difeoncinue, for a limited Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney Sweep-and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting ers and their Apprentices.

and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu And the said Amendments were read; and are as thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making followeth; viz.

wents to Chimney Sweep?r» Bill agreed to.

and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The Lor,(. A Mfflage from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr,

hare agreed to Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

American The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

for appointing Commissioners further to enquire ' into the Lodes and Services of all such who'

have differed in their Rights, Properties, and

Pr. 6. 1. 17.

Pr. 8. 1. 28.

to

Leave out from " Apprentices " And" in J. 39.

Leave out from " Michaelmas " and " in 1. 30.

In the Schedule of the Bill.

Pr. 13.1. 18. Leave out from the Blank to "the " ' in 1. 19. and insert " of."

Pr. 16.1. 20. Leave out from "Michaelmas" to the First Blank in 1. 22.

The said Amendments being rally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered\That Mr. Hunt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath

to

MaJIdraefh, itc. Inclosure and Drainage Bill, with W^roendinenU.

fions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships. Attachment to the British Government; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,intituled, An

Aifl for dividing and inclosing the Marsh called Mall-

draeth and Cofddaugau, in the County of Anglesey, and for embanking the said Marsh, and for making Cuts,

Channels, and other Works, for draining and pr eferv-

Lords Amend* merits to Dm Bill agreed to.

ing the fame, and for allowing the free Use of such Cuts or Channels with Boats, or other Vessels, upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied towards supporting the said Embankments and Works, with, some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendments into Consideration.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. 1. 2.Leave out " Lordship, and insert

of Lordlb ips;" and in thefameLine, and in Line 3, leave out" the Lordship of, and insert "

" and."

Leave out from Majesty " to " that " in 1. 39. and insert " is " Lord of the Manor of Aberffraw,

" which comprehends all."

Leave out from " Ledwigan " to " And " in 1. 10.

Pr. 13. I. 28. Leave out from " aforesaid " to " And " in Pr. 13. 1. 19.

Leave out that Parr," and insert " those Parts."

Leave out " lies," and insert " lie."

I.36.

Pr, 2. 1. 5.

Fr. 2x. i. 5.

Ordered, That the Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan fffivijs, Esquire, with Frances Dorr his now Wife, and to enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. 6V0// of Looe took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. of Looe reported from the Committee, That they had heard Counsel and examined Wic-neftes for the said Bill; and that no Counsel or Party appeared before the Committee to oppose the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk’s Table.

And the said Bill was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. bVc// of IF eft Looe do carry the Bill ro the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

Committee on Twifs's Divorce Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hay for a Time to be limited: And that Mr. Alderman Sawbridge and Mr. Drake, Junior, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hay, ordered.

I. 6.

Vol. XL in.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve Committeeon itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confi- Auican Slave . 7 B . der

554

i6° — 170 Junii.

A, 1788.

der further of the Bill for providing certain Tempo- venues, and Expenditure of the fame, in that Part of rary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Great Britain called Scotland.

..... And the said Motion was, with Leave of the House,

withdrawn.

Natives at Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr, Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, That they had examined several other Wicnesses in Behalf of the Petition of the Merchants and others, interested in the Trade to Africa, from the Port of Liverpool, and had closed the Evidence in Support of the said Petition , and that he was directed by the Committee to move, that they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

A Motion was made, and the Question toeing put, ®*!‘ rt2u

That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating the internal Government of the Royal Burghs \n Scotland;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

r Mr, Sheridan,

Tellers for the Yeas, < Sir 'Thomas t das:

' T Sir

Tellers for the Noes, < ft one, i >

( Sir James Erskine:\

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheridan and Sir Thomas Dundas do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

lating the Government of the KoyaJ Burghs in Scotland, ordered.

5 4*

None.

The Lords have agreed to

Prayer*.

A MESSAGE from and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill,

County The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled. An

w^Amrad!1* for the better securing the Rights of Persons qua-

incflti. Jified to vote at County Elections, with some Amendments } to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

Mr. Alderman presented to the House,

according to Order, a Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hay for a Time to be limited: And the same was received} and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time. Ordered, Thatthesaid Bill be now read a Second Time. The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Commit-the Lords, by Mr. Eames tee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Mariis, 170 die Junii;

Anno 28° Georgii III*" Regis, 1788.

tJay Bill pre-fen ted, and committed.

And then the MefiTengers withdrew.

Account of Grain and

The House being informed that Mr. Irving, In-Fiourim ed ^Pe<^or General of the Exports and Imports of Great imoLiwipool, Britain, attended at the Door} he was called in} and,

presented. L " /- /- '

Mr. Sheridan presented to the House, according to Scotch Bargi* Order, a Bill for regulating the internal Government 8,11 pr«ent«u of the Royal Burghs in Scotland:And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be printed. v

Ordered, That there be laid before this House, Co-

at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to their pies of the Charters and Setts of the Royal Burghs in Order, notorially copied.

An'i&ccount of all Kinds of Grain and Flour imported into the Port of Liverpool for the last Seven The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Years, ending ift January 1788} distinguishing the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled. Quantities of every Kind of Grain and Flour imported An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons

qualified to vote at County Elections.

And the said Amendments were read} and are as folio weth}

Morion for BUI for cor-reciingAbufes, Ac. in the Government of the Royal Burghs in Scotland, withdrawn*

from Ireland and the Isle of Man in British Vessels, and the’ Quantities of the same imported in Foreign Vessels in each Year, and distinguishing the Quantities of every Kind of Grain and Flour imported from all other Foreign Parts in British Vessels, and the Quantities of the same imported in Foreign Vessels in each Year.

And then he withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Account be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

The said Account is preserved among!! the other Papers of this Session.

The House was moved. That the several Petitions which have been presented to this House in this Session of Parliament from the Royal Burghs in Scotland, might be again read.

And the same being read accordingly;

A Motion was made, and the Question was proposed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for correcting the Abuses, and supplying the Defeats in the internal Government of the Royal Burghs, and in the Manner of accounting for the Property, Annual Re-

Charter*, &c* of Scotch Burghs ordered*

Lord* Amend* merits to the County Elections Bill agreed to*

Pr. a. I. 17.

Pr. 3. 1. 15.

1. 21.

1. a 6.

1. 27.

After " Italic " insert " and there " shall be an Abstract of this Act, " printed in the Margin of every " such Copy."

Leave out " separate and distinct," and insert "joint."

Leave out " or Persons."

After " he " leave out or they and in the same Line, after " is," leave out " or are."

After " such " insert " and where " there shall be for any Parish (or " District as aforesaid) joint Collectors of the Land Tax, the Person first named for Collector in the " Instrument appointing such joint " Collectors shall be the Registerkeeper for such Parish (or Diftrift); and in case of the Death,

" Jllness, or Absence of the Person " so first named, then the next PerIon authorized by Law to act as " Collector shall, and is hereby authorized and required to act as

Register-

n

IS Geo.

t j° JustiL

555

Pi*. 4<

Pr.

" Register-keeper for such Parish " (or District.)"

Leave out the Office," and inferc or performing the same or the " like Duty is that."

1. 31, After " aforesaid " insert and if *« any Register - keeper shall be " duly qualified according to the " true Intent and Meaning of this Ad to have his Name enrolled " in the Register of Freeholders " in his Custody, it shall be lawful frr him to enroll his own " Na:r.i in Ibcb Register."

Aftei- " Regiftet-keeper " insert " on

" any Day."

After " Day " Insert " or on any " Day set apart by Authority for " ~ ----- ---1 Pafl-Jrio- or Thankfgiv-

7. I-

1. 37*

Pr* 52. k '<9

and ao.

1. 23.

Pn I54.

In the Schedule, N° 5* leave out " the Parish of."

After " the." insert " Paidand in the same Line, after " County,’* leave but " of," and fill up the Blank.. !

At the End of the Schedule N* 7* insert Schedule N° 8*

uN. 3.

"SCHEDULE,

; " Referred td'by this Act; stat-

ing the' Form of the ' "" Charge" to be delivered <k by the Clerks of the Peace " td the-Register-keepers.

" Xo the Register-keeper for in the County of

Pr* 8* ! 3* Pr. 12. 1.

Pr. 17. 1. 35. L36.

tt

Pr. 18. i: 1#

8.

? 1. 13.

Pr. 19* Pr.ai.

1.18. 1. 9.

Pr. 22. k 31.

P.a> 1.

8.

Pr. 30.

Pr. 31-Pr. 33* Pr. 34-

1. 28; 1. ult.

1. 2. 1. n. 1. 30.

r. 36. J. 5. 1. 24.

r. 45. 1. 19.

" ing."

Leave out "that," and insert" whether."

Leave out from " Enrolment," to " and " in Line 27.

After " and " leave out " every,

and insert u the;"

After " Tax " insert " for each rish or District."

Leave out " written or."

Leave out " exact."

After " Ad" insert" which Charge shall be of the Form specified in the Schedule hereunto annexed,

« N.

After " following " insert" deliver or."

Leave out " carrying," and insert '* makingEnrolments in pursuance " of;" and in the same Line, after " Ad," leave out to the End of the Clause.

Leave out from " Forms " to " an " in Line 34, and insert of Enrol-« ments on Angle Half Sheets " mentioned in this Act."

After " Oath " insert " (or upon solemn Affirmation, if he shall be " One of the People called Qua-

« kers.)"

After " Oath" insert " (or Affirma-

" tien.)"

After " Day" insert " or a Day " set apart by Authority for General Fa fling or Thanksgiving."

After " Day " insert " or a Day set " apart as aforesaid."

After " County " insert " (Riding,

" or Division.)"

After " Lease " insert " and all " Copies of Enrolments shall be " made upon the Blank Forms of " Enrolments on Angle Half " Sheets mentioned in this Act (or otherwise, Provided always

" that the said Copies be in the " Form of the Original Enrol-

" ment.)"

Leave out " separate and distinct,

and insert "joint."

After " Justices " insert " (or upon solemn Affirmation, if he shall " be One of the People called

« Quakers.)"

After " no " insert " fuchand in the same Line, after "Freeholders,"

- - »

if

" By virtue and in purfuatice of "an Act of Parliament made and passed in the Twenry-eighth Year " of the Reign of His Majesty King " Georgii the Third, intituled, "An " Act for the better securing the " Rights of Persons qualified to j " vote at County Elections " (a " Copy of which Act is contained 1; " in the Register sent you here- .« with) I do hereby charge you,

". That (some Time in the Month of A One thousand " Seven hundred and Eighty-nine)

you leave, or cause to be left,

"at the ufua| Place of Abode of; every Freeholder residing within

your District,.One of the print-

" ed Notices sent you herewith,

" stnd that you do subscribe your <" Name, and yourPlace of Abode,

" to every such Notice, before you

" leave the fame.

" And also, That (on some One or more of the Sundays in the said Month of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eightynine) you affix, or cause to be' " affixed. One of the said printed Notices (subscribed by you as " aforesaid) on the principal Door " of the Church or Chapel (if any " such there be) within your Dif-« trift, before the usual Hour of " Morning Service; or, if there be " no Morning Service, then immediately before the usual Hour " of Evening Service.

" And I also charge you, That " when any Person shall apply to " you to make any Enrolment in the said Register, you do inform " him, " That if any Person shall " (either by Personal Application, " or by Attestation) cause his " Name to be enrolled therein, " without such Person actually " having at the Time of such Enrolment a Freehold, or if such " Estate shall not (at such Time) " be of the clear Yearly Value of " Forty Shillings, over and above " the Interest of any Money secured " by Mortgage upon the said " Estate, and also over and above " all Rents and Outgoings pay-2 " able

17° Junii.

« able out of or. in respect of the said Estate, other than Parliamentary, Public, or Parochial Taxes, or if the Whole or some " Part of the said Estate shall " not lie in the Parish (or Diftrift) in the Register of Free-" holders for which such Person shall have caused his Name to " be enrolled, or issue out of " Lands or Tenements within such " Parish (or District) j or if such ,c Person (at the Time of the making of such Enrolment) shall " not be by himself, or others, in . " the actual Possession or Receipc of the Rents or Profits of such " Estate, for such Person’s owii " Use; or if any Person, who " shall cause his Name to be enrolled in any such Register of " Freeholders, shall be possessed of " no Freehold Estate, but of such " as shall have been granted to " him fraudulently, or in which his Interest shall be nominal or fictitious, or shall, upon Perfo-« nal Application to be enrolled,

« mif-state any of the Particulars " dire<sted by this Act to be specified in his Enrolment, every " Person who shall be found guilty of any of the said Of- t fences, shall forfeit the Sum " of Twenty Pounds; and that no Freeholder, under the Age of Eighteen Years, has a Right to cause his Name to be enrolled "in the said Register.

‘c And also. That you do enroll " (or, in your Presence, cause to " be enrolled) the Name of every Person who shall (by Personal " Application, or by Attestation,

,« and at your Dwelling House,

" on any Day, and at a leasonable Hour) request to be enrolled in the said Register, without your taking upon yourself to decide upon the Right of any such Person to be enrolled; jjut you are not compellable to make any such Enrolment before the " Sixth Day of April One thousand Seven hundred and Eightynine, or on a Sunday, a Good Friday, or a Christmas Day, or

« on any Day set apart by Authority for General Fading or " Thanksgiving.

" And also, That you do care-« fully make every Enrolment according to the Manner set " forth in the Blank Forms in the said Register, and that you date and sign every such Enrolment,

« and that you make every such " Enrolment "gratis."

« And also, That you permit every Person applying to you to make any Enrolment as aforesaid to be present, and to exa>

« mine whether the same be cor-« reftly entered in the Register,

« and to fee that you sign such Enrolment forthwith.

4

A. 1788.

And alfoj That if any Person " shall, by Attestation, apply to " you to be enrolled, you are to " demand the said Attestation to be 5‘ left with you, and you are to deliver "gratis "unco every Person who shall produce to you any such Attestation a Copy of " the Enrolment which you shall " make in Consequence thereof, provided the said Copy be demanded on the Day on which u such Attestation shall be so produced -o you.'

,f And I also charge you. That you be ready,' at your Dwelling " House, on the First Monday in May One thousand Seven hun-V dred and Eighty-nine (between " the Hburs of Nine in the Forenoon, and of Three in the Aftcrnoon) in order to make En- rolments.

ft And also. That if any Freeholder residing within your Diftrift shall have neglected to tc come to you to be enrolled, on " or before the said First Monday in May One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-nine, you do, before the First Day of June " One thousand Seven hundred *. and Eighty nine, deliver, or <e cause to be safely delivered to " every such Freeholder, >a printed " or written Summons, in the following Words i . By '* an Act of Parliament, made and *c passed in the Twenty-eighth <c Year- of the Reign of His Majesty King George the Third, " intituled, "An Act' for the " better securing the Rights of " Persons qualified to* vote at County Elections," it is Enacted. That if you have a Freehold " of the clear Yearly Value of Forty Shillings within my Dif-< trift, and if you shall not cause " your Name to be enrolled in the Register of Freeholders in «< my Custody, before the Second " liburjday in the Month of June " One thousand Seven hundred " and Eighty-nine, then and in " such same you shall appear before me, at my Dwelling House,

" on the said Day, and between " the Hours of Nine in the Fore-f noon and of Three in the Afternoon of the said Day, in order then and there to cause your " Name to be enrolled; for you " will not be entitled to vote at " any Election of any Knight or " Knights of the Shire to serve " in Parliament, in virtue of the " said Freehold, without having " had your Name enrolled in such " Register of Freeholders at least " Twelve Calendar Months before " the Day on which you shall tender your Vote at such Election."

" And that you do lubscribe your Name and your Place of Abode " to every such Summons, before

" you

2 8 Geo. III. *7

« you leave the same; and that if arty such Summons shall have " been so delivered as aforesaid,

thert you are to be ready, at - your Dwelling House, on the " Second Thursday in One *< thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine (between the Hours «« of Nirte in the Forenoon and of Three in the Afternoon) in or-« der to make Enrolments.

And I also charge you. That,

« previous to the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace, which a shall be held for the said County <« (Riding, or Division) in July One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-nine, you make, or cause *« to be made (upon the Blank Forms of Enrolments printed «« on Single Half Sheets, which you receive herewith) an exact * and correct Copy of every En-«« rolment contained in the said " Register, and of the progressive *< Number of every such Enrolment; and that you do then carefully examine every such Copy with the corresponding «« Original Enrolment in the said Register, and that you bring and'

of deliver all such Copies to me (or to the then Clerk of the *e Peace) at the said General Quar-<f ter Sessions j and that you do then and there declare upon Oath * (or upon solemn Affirmation, if a Quaker) that the said Copies «« are exact and true Copies of the respective Originals.

" And also, That you do, in the Months of January and July in every following Year, bring and deliver to me (or to the * then Clerk of the Peace) at the " General Quarter Sessions of the

" Peace.which shall (in such respective Months) be held for the said County (Riding, or Di-« vision) a Copy (as aforesaid) of " every Enrolment that shall have been made in the said. Register in the Elalf Year immediately " preceding such respective General Quarter SdTions; and that then and there you do verify the said Copies upon Oath (or upon solemn Affirmation, if a Quaker)

« to be true Copies of the respective Originals in the said Re-« gifter, and that you make all and every of the aforesaid Co-« pies " gratis."

« And also, That at every such General Quarter Sessions aforesaid, you deliver to me (or to the then Clerk of the Peace) all " such Attestations as shall have a been left with you in the Half a Year immediately preceding «such respective General Quarter

a Sessions.

a And also. That if no Enrol-a ment shall have been made in *the said Register since the laffc Copy which shall have been de-

Vol. XLIII.

557

ulivered to me (or to the theri " Clerk of the Peace) as afore^ " said, then and in such same you " shall deliver (or safely transmit, " feaied up) to me (or to the then " Clerk of the Peace) at the said " General Quarter Sessions, a Notice* in the following Form; videlicet: % *

the Register*

" keeper of the Register of " Freeholders for " in the County of " do hereby give Notice to the Clerk of the Peace for the said County, that the " progressive Number of the laR Enrolment entered in " £he said Register of Freeholders is

" Upecifying the said Num-<c ber\ and that the ‘‘ tyof One thousand hundred

,f an^ is the Date

" of the said last Enrolment, " Witness my Hand, this " Day of " One thousand " hundred and »

" Which Notice must be signed "by you.

u And I do also charge you, That

« you do, in May One thousand Se-

" ven hundred and Ninety (and in the same Month in every following Year) carefully examine all " the Enrolments entered in' the " Register in yourCustody, and if " any Person whose Name is en-

rolled therein shall be then dead, " or shall have disposed of his Freehold Estate within your " Distrnft, then, and in either of " C*rcs> y°u are, in the said Month of May (or in the " Month of June then next fol-" lowing) to carry the said Regis- ter to some Justice of the Peace " for the said County (Riding, or " Division); and you are at the " ffmc Time to carry to fuchjuft,ce a true Copy of the Enrolment of every Person who shall " be dead, or who shall have disposed of his Freehold as aforesaid, in order that such Justice " (upon your Application) may " (,n pursuance of the said Act) " fill up the Blanks in the Memorandum at the End of such " Original Enrolment in the Re-

" g, Vftecund tha,t such J^icemay also fill up the Blanks in the

Memorandum at the End of the said Copy, and that he may ffon

" his Name at the End of each

" f"ch Memorandum; and you

" are> the Month of July then

" next following, to bring and deliver such Copy to me (or to the

" then Clerk of the Peace) at the

" General Quarter Sessions of the

Eeace which shall be held for

" ^jj'd County (Riding, or Di-

7 c And

55

And (by the said Act) the u said Register is always to remain in the Custody of the Person *c who shall act as Register-keeper for the Time being; and the *c said Register is not, upon any ,c Occasion or under any Pretence tc whatever, to be carried to iny Distance from your District, ex-c cept when the said Register shall tf be carried to any Justice of the Peace for the said County (Riding, or Division) in the particu-" lar Cafes above specified, and " except when you shall be duly required to produce the said Register at any Assizes to be held for the said County.

" And I also charge you, That " you permit all Persons who tc shall) at seasonable Times, re- quell Leave to inspect the said " Register, or any Attestation in your Custody, to inspect the " same respectively, every such " Person first paying to you One Shilling for every such Inspectien.

" And also, That you deliver a lc true and exact Copy or Copies of any Enrolment or Enrolments, or of any Attestation or " Attestations in your Custody, " unto all Persons who shall demand the same respectively, " every such Person first paying to ct you Two Pence for every such Copy of an Enrolment, and at " the Rate of One Penny for every Thirty Words in any such tc Attestation; and you are to subscribe your Name to every . #t such Copy; and all Copies of " Enrolments are to be made upon the Blank Forms of Enrolments, on fuigle Half Sheets, which you receive herewith (or otherwise, Provided always that " the said Copies be in the Form uof the Original Enrolment).

" And you are to take Care to tf be at all Times provided with a sufficient Number of Blank Forms of Enrolments on single " Half Sheets and if at any Time you shall have but few such " Blank Forms left, or if the Re-c gifter in your Custody shall be " materially damaged, or if such " Register be nearly filled with Enrolments, then and in any such same you are to apply to u the Clerk of the Peace for the " Time being, to provide you " with more Blank Forms, or with " a new Register (as the same may " require).

<c And you are carefully to preserve the said Register, and the " same (together with this Charge) ,c is to be i'afely delivered to your *c Successor in Office."

The said Amendments, as far as the Amendment in Pr. 54. being severally read 3 Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed t* by the House.

1788.

The Amendment in Pr. 54. being read a Second Time, an Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out the Words ft And I also <c charge you. That when any Person shall apply to <c you to make any Enrolment in the said Register, you do inform him," That if any Person shall (either by Personal Application or by Attestation) cause *' his Name to be enrolled therein, without such Person actually having, at the Time of such Enrolment, a Freehold, or if such Estate shall not (at " such Time) be of the clear Yearly Value of Forty " Shillings, over and above the Interest of any Money " secured by Mortgage upon the said Estate, and also u over and above all Rents and Outgoings payable " out of or in respect of the said Estate, other than " Parliamentary, Public, or Parochial Taxes, or if the Whole or some Part of she said Estate shall <c not lie in the Parish (or District) in the Register of tc Freeholders for which such Person shall have caused " his Name to be enrolled, or issue out of Lands or f< Tenements within such Parish (or District); or if such " Person (at the Time of the making of such F.nrol- ment) shall not be, by himself or others, in the " actual Possession or Receipt of the Rents or Profits " of such Estate, for such Person’s own Use; or if any t( Person who shall cause his Name to be enrolled in any such Register of Freeholders, shall be poirdTed <{ of no Freehold Estate, but of such as shall have " been granted to him fraudulently, or in which his " Interest shall be nominal or fictitious, or shall, upon " Personal Application to be enrolled, mif-state any "of the Particulars directed by this Act to be specified in his Enrolment, every Person who shall be ,tc found guilty of any of the said Offences, shall for-lt feit the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and that no Free-c holder, under the Age of Eighteen Years, has a " Right to cause his Name to be enrolled in the said *c Register."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, 37-

Tellers for the Noes, {£; } 3-

So it was refolyed in the Affirmative.

Then the said Amendment was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bearcroft do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The Order of the Day being read;

The House resolved icfelf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to ‘The West Indies, and elsewhere.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Whitbread reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed hirn to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be received Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mtrcarii,

Committee on African Slave

Bill.

28 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

559

Mercuriiy 18° die 'Junii;

Report from the Board of LaudKevenue.

Anno i%° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788*

Prayers.

THE House being,informed that Mr.

from the Board of Land Revenue, attended at the Door; he was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House, pursuant to th< Directions of an Act of Parliament,

A Third Report of the Commissioners appointed to

tc the Particulars of each Forest; but that he had

" some Books and Papers, which he had purchased at

public Sales, containing several ancient Manuscripts " and Particulars relative to the Forests and Wood " Grounds Of these he offered us the Inspection; and his Son, Mr. V/llliam Morton Pitt, hath fincej with the utmost Readiness, sent them for our Pe-rufal.

Dilappointed in our Hope of obtaining Information where it was most naturally to be looked for, we were driven to a much wide Field of Research; our Information has been collected with more Difficulty, and has required longer Time, than we had Reason to expect j and we have been obliged to make our First and

enquire into the State and Condition of the Woods, Second Reports on Subjects of much less Conference, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell in order to comply with the Terms of the Act, by or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents: which we are required to make a Report within Four-

And also, teen Days after the Commencement of each Session of

A Plan of the Forest of Dean, referred to in the said Parliament.

Report. Not having found One Plan of any Forest, which

And then he withdrew. 4 upon Examination proved to be accurate, nor any

And the Titles of the said Report and Plan were Surveys, except those delivered to Parliament in 1783*

read.

The said Plan is preserved amongst the other Papers of this Session j and the said Report is as followeth i viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgelfies, in Parliament assembled.

The Third Report of the Commissioners ap

which were merely Accounts of the gross Quantity of Timber then growing in the Forests, taken withouc Reference to any other Object, we judged it absolutely necessary to have accurate Plans and Surveys made of those Forests in which the Crown has any valuable Interest remaining. This has occasioned an Expence which we anxiously wished to avoid; but there appeared to us to be no other Means by which the prefenc Limits of the Forests could be distinctly ascertained; rior any Mode so likely to check the Encroachments

pointed to enquire into the State and Condition Daily made, to preserve the expiring Rights of the

of the Woods, Forests, and Land Revenues of the Crown, and to fell or alienate Fee Farm and other Unimproveable Rents.

Among the Objects Committed to us by the Act under which we derive our Appointment, " the *f examining into the State and Condition of the c< Woods and Forests belonging to the Crown, the <c suggesting Plans for tedreffing any Abuses in the Management of them, and for the Protection, In-

CroWn, and to furnish the necessary Information to those who may be appointed to carry into Execution any System that may be adopted for the future Management of the Forests.

Although our Enquiry concerning the Forests has been general, yet so much do the Rights of the Crown, and oflndividuals, vary in the different Forests, and such Diversity is there in the Grants, Fees, Perquisites, Claims, and Reservations in them, that, to avoid Confusion, we shall find it necessary to report the State of

crease, and Supply of Timber thereon for the Use each Forest separately: The Underwood, the Timber,

" of the Royal Navy," appearing to us to be by far the most important, our first Attention was directed to the Means of acquiring the necessary Information for enabling us to execute this Part of our Commission; and, having Reason to believe that the Complaints of Waste and Spoil in His Majesty’s Forests were too well founded, we anxiously wished to lay before the Legislature, as soon as possible, the fulleft Statement of a Matter of so great National Importance.

With these Views, we began this Part of our En-

the Bark, the Top and Lop, the Deer, the Herbage, the Mines, and the Soil iticlf, are all the Subjects of different Grants or Reservations j and those Grants are to Persons of various Descriptions, to Officers during Pleasure, for Life, or in Perpetuity, and to many Individuals who have Estates and Possessions within or adjoining to the Forests.

But though it is not put Intention, in this Report, to attempt to explain the Situation of all the Forests in these Particulars, or to give an accurate Statement of

quiry by writing to John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor the Produce and Expenditure in each of them, we think

See Lift of Fo~

retls, See. Appendix, N° i.

"ail

eral

j#i

jrro1

General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests, request ing that he would fend us an exact Lift of all the Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces, under his Charge, with such Plans, or descriptive Surveys of them, as he might have in his Possession.

The Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests being the only Officer who has a general Superinten-dance of the Woods belonging to the Crown in the Forests, no Survey being made, or Warrant issued, for any Work to be done in any Forest, nor any Fail of Timber directed, either for the Navy or for Sale, without a previous Reference to him, it was natural to expect that the best Information of the State of the Forests, and the most Compleat Descriptions, Plans, or Surveys of them, would be obtained from his Office; but the Answer returned by Mr. was, " That not " having received from his Predecessors any Maps, " Surveys, or other Accounts of His Majesty’s Woods " and Forests, except a few old Surveys of Woods " and Coppices which had been formerly*inclosed,

it necessary to mention, in general, in order to shew how much the Subject calls for the Public Attention, that, according to the Information which we have received from very able Surveyors, employed in almost every Part of England, there is a general and alarming Decrease in the Quantity of Naval Timber, both in the Forests, and on private Eftares: That there is less Ground new planted than of Wood Land turned into Tillage; and, that the Plantations now made are, in general, more for Ornament than Use; That the Annual Demand for the Dock Yards cannot, from the Accounts which we have received from the Navy Board, be reckoned at less than 25,000 Tons or Loads, of which Quantity not more than One Twelfth Parc has been furtiished from the Whole of the Forests of the Crown during His Majesty’s Reign; and yet fa wasteful and tteftruftive is the present System of Management in those Forests, that the general Quantity of Timber in them lessens every Year.

We are

Apf*<£x,

N° 1.

aware thac there have been similar Com-he could not give us any Official Information as to plaints, and Apprehensions of a Want of Naval Timber,

Apprndix* Nu 3-

Appendix,

N«a.

IS Henry VIII Chap, 17.

1788.

ber, in every Age,from very early Times; and it may therefore probably be ftipposed, that the Danger is not more real now than it has formerly been: It may be imagined that if there be an increased Demand for Naval Timber, as that Demand must necessarily add to the Price, and thereby give greater Encouragement to Importation and Planting, there can be no Reason to apprehend that where Industry is so general, and Property so secure, as they are in this Country, an ample Supply will not always be obtained from private Property, or from general Commerce.

It will be found, however, that this Principle does not hold in the same of Naval Timber: The great Addition to the Navy and Commerce of Great,

with the rapid Increase of the valuable Business of Ship Building in this Country, since the Close of the last War, and since the Employment of built

Ships in our Trade has been restrictfed, are Circumstances which render any other Evidence of an immense additional Demand for Naval Timber unnecessary; and our Information, as to the Reality of the general Decrease of Timber, is too certain to admit of any Doubt. The Commissioners of the Navy having, One Year with another, been furnished with no more than 2,000 Loads of Timber from His Majesty’s Forests, have purchased all the rest, being about Twenty-three thousand Loads, from Individuals in this Country; no Part of the rough Timber being now imported. A Board which has such ample Means of acquiring Information, by its numerous and extensive Transactions in the Purchase of Timber, and whose Attention is peculiarly directed to that Object, cannot be deceived in this Particular; and our Information from that Board is corroborated, not only by the Reports of our Surveyors from every Part of,

and by the Answers to all our Enquiries, but also'by the Opinions of the best Authors who have written on the Subject.

It is found, therefore, from Experience, that an Addition to the Demand for Naval Timber does not produce a proportional Supply from private Property; and the Reason is obvious: An Oak must grow an Hundred Years, or more, before it comes to Maturity; but the Profits arising from Tillage or Pastureare more certain and immediate, and perhaps as great: It cannot, therefore, be expedited that many private Individuals will lay out Money on the Expe<itation of Advantages which they themselves can have no Chance to enjoy: Commerce and Industry seek for, and are supported by, speedy Returns of Gain, however final]; and the more generally the Commercial Spirit shall prevail in this Country, the less Probability is there that planting of Woods, for the Advantage of Poste-ricy, will be preferred to the immediate Profits of Agriculture.

It is accordingly in the Northern, or mountainous Parts of the Kingdom chiefly, and on Land unfit for Tillage, where any great Plantations have lately been made; and thele are mostly of Fir: But the Oak, to become great Timber, requires the strongest and deepest Soil, which being also the most profitable for Agriculture, is the leaf! likely to be employed by Individuals in railing Timber.

For the Remedy or Prevention of this Scarcity, which has so long been apprehended, various Plans have, at different Periods, been adopted, or recommended. In early Times, Recourse was had to the narrow System of putting Restraints on the Use and Management of Private Property: In the Reign of Henry VIII. a Law was made, by which it is Enacted,

" That Twelve Standils or Scorers, likely to become " Timber Trees, shall be left on every Acre of Wood f< or Underwood that shall be felled at or under 24 «« Years Growth; the turning Wood Land into Til-« lage is prohibited; and whenever any Wood is cut

4

" it must be immediately inclosed, and the young "Spring of Wood protected for Seven Years; and " Penalties are appointed for every Transgression " against this Law." And in the 13th of , ijEliz.C.

there were further Provisions relative to the Management of Woods on private F.states.

But these Regulations have proved altogether ineffectual. The Management of private Property canrtot v anywhere be placed, with more Safety and Advantage to the Public, than with the Proprietors: The Interference of Government, farther than in the Protection of Property, is always fi emitted to with Reluctance, often evaded, and seldom productive of any Benefit to the Public.

It is true, that there is no Kind of Property that requires the Protection of Laws more than Timber, which may easily, and in very little Time, be hurt or destroyed, but requires a Century to come to Perfection. The Penal Laws relative to the Destruction of Trees should, for that Reason, be rigidly enforced, and the Punishments perhaps increased; yet, as all the Expectation of Advantage which the freest Use and the most entire Command of the Property can give, is found insufficient to induce Men to plant, with a View to so distanc a Return, so much as the Demand requires, Government should certainly not Icflen that Expectation by Restraints on the Use, or Interference in the Management, of the Woods oflndividuals; and any Laws which hold out such Discouragementt should, perhaps, be repealed.

But though the leaving to every Man the entire and uncontrouled Use and Management of his own Woods, is the most likely Way to encourage planting on private Estates, yet we are very far from agreeing with those who think that Government may safely trust 10 the Supply of Timber which private Estates and Commerce will afford.

Holland is an Example, and perhaps the only one that can be given, of a Country which, without Fo-rests of its own, belonging either to Individuals or to the State, has been regularly supplied with Naval Timber through the Medium of Commerce: But the Situation of Holland is very different from that of Great Britain: A State with little Territory can have no other Means of Supply; and the great Rivers which, after passing through an extensive Continent in which there are many Forests, fall into the Sea in Holland% added to its Vicinity to those Northern Countries which abound the most in Wood, give Holland Advantages in procuring Timber by Commerce, which no other Country possesses in the same Degree: But in this Kingdom there are large Tracts of Land be-r longing to the Crown which cannot be applied to better Uses; the British Oak is of a superior Quality to any that grows in those Northern Parts of,

from whence only we can be supplied without enormous Expence. It is said too that Timber is becom- CampMI’i’ ing scarce in those Countries; and we certainly Should Political$u» not depend on other States for what is essential to our yeJ' own Defence.

But if Government cannot with Safety depend on the Supplies from private Estates in this Kingdom, nor on what may be imported from Abroad, neither ought it to trust to a sufficient Supply for our Navy, from the Royal Forests, circumstanced as they now are, and while they remain under the present System of Management.

The improvident and ofeen ill-defined Grants made by the Crown in many of the Forests, and the confused Mixture of Rights created by them, have the worst Effect upon the Property itself. The Proprietor of the Underwood must wilh to prevent the Growth of Timber, by which his Crop is diminished: and it is for the Advantage of those to whom the Herbage has been granted, that no Wood should grow up of any

Kind:

28 Geo. III.

Kind: The Whole is a perpetual Struggle of jarring Interests, in which no Party can improve his owtl Share without hurting that of another.

But the Contest is very unequal: At a Distance from the Seat of Government, the Inhabitants and Borderers on those extensive Forests have the greatest Temptations, as well as the belt Opportunities, to injure and encroach on the Property reserved by the Crown; and the Crown must find it extremely difficult to protect its remaining Rights.

Formerly, when the Crown Lands afforded the chief Revenue by which the Expence of Government was supported, when, to avoid the Demand of Aids from the People, which a Failure in that Revenue gave Occasion for, Resumptions of Grants were not only common but popular; and when the Forest Laws were carried into full Execution, there was little Danger that the Crown would suffer a permanent Loss of its Landed Property: For though the Encroachments, Devastation, and Spoil in the Forests were perhaps more rapid, in Times of public Disturbance, and during the Reigns of weak or improvident Princes, than they even now are, yet such was the Power exercised by the Crown, that what was loft or granted away during a relaxed or profuse Administration, was resumed, or amply compensated by the first Monarch who gave Attention to that Part of his Property: Savenant. And whoever considers the Resumption of Grants, and S'John, on the the oppressive Extensions of the Forests in early Times, Charts de Fo-.* or n ^ds the Reports of Sir William , of the Pro-retu. ceedings before the Earl of , as Chief Justice in

Jones’s Re- Eyre, in the Reign of Charles I. will fee that there P°i^Vai^oAP- was formerly more Danger to private Property fron f*n ,x> °s* t}je violent Exertions of Power, than to the Pro perty of the Crown by the Encroachments of Indivi duals.

The Situation now is very different: Private Property, happily for this Country, is in perfect Security j but the Property of the Crown in the Forests is open to daily Encroachments; and unless a Stop shall soon be put to the Progress of existing Abuses, and some Interruption given to intrusive Polfdfion, the greatest Part of the Timber now growing in the Forests will be destroyed; and those Rights which are at present retrievable, will be gradually loft.

To these general Observations, tending to shew the Necessity there is for Attention being speedily given to the Improvement of the Forests, in order to provide a Supply of Oak Timber from them for the Use of the Navy, we think it necessary to add a very brief Sketch of the general Government of the Forests under the ancient Forest Laws, to which some Reference is unavoidable, those Law’s being still in Force in such of the Forests as have not been disafforested, and being, in Dean Forest, particularly confirmed by the Act of 20th Charles II.; but we mean to go no further into that Subject, than may be sufficient to render such occasional References intelligible.

The Origin of none of the Forests belonging to the Crown is to be found mentioned in any History or Record, the New Forest in excepted, which,

Manwood on though made by William the Conqueror, is called by Koi-eft Laws, Manwood, the <c newest Forest in England."

ase 35" The Bounds of many of the Forests were enlarged

by Henry II. Richard I. and King but they were

reduced to their ancient Limits in the Reign of it Edward I. ward I. agreeable to the Provisions of the Charta de

rejl a; and, in order to ascertain those Limits, Perambulations were then made, and afterwards confirmed CapH^.arJ 111 by Act of Parliament.

The Origin of the Laws and Regulations for the Management of Forests seems to be involved in equal 9Henry in Obscurity with that of the Forests themselves. Since the Charta de Forejla,there have usually been Two

Justices in Eyre, One for the North, and the other for Vol. XLIII.

the South of 'Trent: Each of those Officers has Jurisdiction over all the Forests within his District; and there was no other Officer who had any general Superin tendance Of the Forests before the Reign of Henry VIII. But in each Forest there was a distinct Set of Officers j namely,

i ft, Verderors, who are Judges of the Swanimote Court, and Directors of all the other Officers in the Forest: There were usually Four Verderors in every Forest of the King.

2dly, Retarders, who were to go through the whole Forest, and make their Regard every Third Year; to enquire of all Offences in the Forest, and Purvey all Affarts, Wastes, and Purpreftures: There Should be Twelve Regardersin every Forest.

3dly, Foresters, whose Duty was to preserve the Vert and Venison in the Forests, to attach Offenders, and present Offences at the Forest Courts: The Number was determined by the Occasion for. them in each Forest, according to the Discretion of the Regarders.

4thly, Agiftors, whose Office Was to receive and account for the Agistment or Profits arising from the Herbage and Pannage of the King’s Woods and Lands in the Forests: There Should be Four in every Forest in which the King hath Woods to Agift.

jthly. Woodwards, whose Charge was to look after the Woods, and to present Offences therein at the Forest Courts: Their Number does not seem to have been determined.

6thly, A Steward, whose Duty is to attend the Courts, and assist the Verderors.

Besides these Officers, there have been usually a Lord Warden, Lieutenant, or Matter Forester, appointed by the King in each Forest; and there may be other Officers in a Forest, by local Custom.

There were Three Courts appertaining to the Forests, namely, the Court of Attachments or Woodmote, the Court of Swanimote, and the Justice Seat, or Court of the Chief Justice in Eyre.

The Two First of these Courts were composed of the Officers in each Forest. The Court of Attachment or Wqodmote ought to be held every Forty Days, at which Court every Officer in the Forest Should attend: This Court was to enquire into all Offences of every Kind done in the Forest, and to present them at the Swanimote Court, and to the Lord Chief Justice in Eyre.

The Court of Swanimote, in which the Verderors were the Judges, Should be held Three Times in every Year. The First Court Should be held Fifteen Days before Midsummer, for the Purpose of clearing

the Forest of all Animals (except Deer) for the next Month, called the Fence Month, which is the Fawning Season, during which the Deer ought to be left undisturbed; and a severe Penalty is incurred by introducing any other Bead into the Forest at that Time.

The, next Swanimote Court Should be held Fifteen Days before Michaelmas, when the Herbage Money for Cattle Should be received, and the Swine Should be admitted into the Forest, to feed on Acorns and Beech Mast, called Pannage, which Should be paid for at the Third Court, to be held Forty Days after Michaelmas, videlicet, on the Feast of St. Martin: At that Time the Forest Should again be cleared, and no Animal (except Deer) admitted, from the nth Day of November until the 23d Day of Hpril(Old Stile) which c° 3. Period is called the Winter Haining.

At this Court the Presentments of the Court of Attachments ought to be received, and enrolled, the smaller Offences tried, and those of more Importance presented to the Justice in Eyre, to whom the Rolls of this Court ought to be certified at the next Sessions of 7 D Eyre;

18® JitniL A. 1788.

Eyre 5 and those Rolls should contain an Account of firmed by Act of Parliament, Power was given by 6 Edw. vt. every Offence committed, of every Deer killed, and another Act, to Queen , " to alter, change, iMary, C. io»

of every Tree felled in the Forest j by what Warrant, <c unite, tranl'pose, difiolve, or determine the Court and of what Price or Value; with every Fine impof- " of Augmentations and flie did accordingly, ed; and the Agistment, or Money paid for the Paftur- soon afterwards, difiolve that Court, and did, by other age of Cattle and Pannage of Swine. Letters Patent, " unite, transpole, and annex the fame

The Court of Justice Seat ought to be held in each *« Court to her Court of Exchequer," according to Forest Once in every Three Years, when the Rolls of such Articles and Ordinances as in a Schedule annexed . those inferior Courts should be presented to the Chief to the said Letters Patent were contained. By One of Justice in Eyre, and the Offences tried. those Articles, no Wood Sales could'afterwards be

Though many of these ancient Regulations appear to be well calculated for the Preservation of the Fo-Cap. J. rests, insomuch that the Act of the aoth Charles II. for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in Dean Fo-rest, takes Notice, that it had been found, by former " Experience, that nothing did more contribute to " the Raising, Increase, and Preservation of Timber, " than the Forest Laws," yet even so early as in the Reign of Henry VIII. some other Regulations were 35 HtnryViii, deemed necessary. In the 33d Year of that King’s Cap. 39. Reign an Act was passed, establishing a Court, called the Court of General Surveyors of the King’s Lands, which was to consist of the King’s General Surveyors, a Treasurer, an Attorney, the Master of the Woods, Auditors, Receivers, a Clerk of the Court, an Usher, and Messenger. This Court had a general' Superintendance of the Lands belonging to the Crown: The Master of the Woods was impowered, with the Af-sent of the Court, to make Sales of Wood, &c. in the Forests; and none could be cut without his Warrant, and the Assent of the said Court: But in the HenryVIII. 38th Year of the same Reign, that Court was dissolved by Letters Patent, and a new Court, called the Court of Augmentations, was erected, and inverted with all the Powers of the former Court. One Master, and One Surveyor of the Woods, for the South, and One of each for the North of Trent, were Members of it, and in each District Wood Sales were ordained to be made, by the Certificate of the Surveyor, and by the Commission of the Master of the Woods, with the Consent of the Justice in Eyre.

Both those Courts seem to have been very well constituted for the Remedy of what was defective, as to the Preservation of Timber, in the Administration and Management of the Forests, under the Forest Laws. 1 From the Account which has been given of the Courts

f of Attachments and Swanimote, of the Duty of the

different Officers within each Forest, and of the Power of the Justice in Eyre, it appears that ample Means 1 were provided for the Care and Preservation of the

Forests, for guarding against Intrusions, and for the Punishment of Offences, while the Functions of those Sir Julius Cae* Offices were properly executed: But the Power verted Mss^oi °i *n c^e Chief Justice in Eyre himself was often abused, in Sumyor and that Officer irregularly disposed of Timber in the General’s of- Forests for his own Advantage. This Abuse the Au-Landi.< rown thority given to those Courts was well calculated to prevent: By uniting the different Officers, the Surveyors General, the Masters of the Woods, the Receivers, and the Auditors, in One Court, they would have been a Check upon each other} and if either of these Courts had been continued, and had acted in Conjunction with the Forest Officers, as was intended, the Landed Property of the Crown, and the Forests in particular, which remain undisposed of, would at this Time, in all Probability, have been of very great Value: But the last of those Courts being established only by Letters Parent, it had, perhaps on that Ac-D.ikcofSuf- count, the less Weight} and the Justices in Eyre, who of^uiTc^Ti.o! had usually, but improperly, taken upon them to make E»rl of s'ultex! Wood Sales, and who happened, during thac and the succeeding Reign, to be Men of great Power, counteracted the Measures of the Court of Augmentations, and made great Waste of the Timber for their own Profit: And although that Court was afterwards con-

made, " without a Commission from the Lord Treasurer, and Two such other of the Court as he should " call to him at that Time, or, in his Absence, by the *c Under Treasurer, calling to him Two of the said *c Court and another Article gave Power to the Lord Treasurer, and the Court of Exchequer, to amend, reform, and correct any Clause or Article therein contained, and to make such further Order as the Court Should think expedient.

The Court of Augmentations was thus dissolved, and its Powers transferred to the Court of Exchequer; but the System of Management, under the Officers of the Forest only, being still found to be defective, a Surveyor General of the Woods was afterwards appointed, to whom a general Superintendance was given over all the Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces, belonging to the Crown; since which Time little Alteration has taken Place in the Form of conducting the Business of that Department. What Share that Officer now has in the Administration and Management of the Forests, will be more particularly shewn in the subsequent Part of this Report.

Finding it necessary, for the Reasons which we have given, to report the State of each Forest separately, we propose, in the present Report, to give a State of the Forest of Dean.

We are induced to bring this Forest first under the Public Attention, because, in Proportion to its Extent, it is by far the most valuable, and the mort proper for a Nursery of Naval Timber: because the Rights of the Crown and of the neighbouring Inhabitants and Officers of the Forest, were distinctly ascertained by an Act of Parliament in the 20th Charles Cap.-,. II. a Period not so dirtant as to render it difficult to support those Rights against ill-founded Claims or usurped Possession } and because, notwithstanding the falurary Provisions of that Act of Parliament, the Encroachments *here are perhaps more numerous, the Perquisites ancf undue Advantages taken by the Officers more exorbitant and destructive, and the Waste and Depredation more rapid, than in any other Forest belonging to the Crown.

bor the Sake of Perspicuity, we shall divide the Remainder of this Report into Three Parts:

In the First, we propose to cake Notice of some Grants relative to the Forest of Dean, prior to the Act of 20th Charles II. as well as of the Circumstances which led to the Introduction of that Law; to ftace the Regulations established by it; and to give some Account of the Forest during the Time that those Regulations were carefully observed.

Secondly, we mean to state the Errors and Abuses which afterwards crepe into Practice, and the Effect which they have had upon the Forest; to explain the present Course of Management, and the Condition to which this Forest is now reduced.

And lastly, we propose to suggest the Heads of such an Arrangement with those who have Rights of Common, or other Claims on that Forest, and of such a System of future Management, as we think would be the most likely to guard against such Evils hereafter, and to render that Forest a very valuable Nursery of Timber for His Majesty’s Navy.

x PART

28 Geo. III.

18* Junii.

563

Part 1*

Appendix, N° 41,

THE Forest of Dean is situated in the West Part of the County of Gloucesterbetween the Rivers Severn and kPye, both of which are Navigable. The

Quantity of Forest Land contained in it (exclusive of the Freehold Property within the Perambulation) is about 23,015 Acres, belonging to the Crown. The

" were to be altowed, but only such poof Men as were Inhabitants of the said Forest." This Order was to remain in Force until a Cause then depending by English Bill, brought in the Name of divers of the Inhabitants of the said Forest, should be heard and determined.

It does not appear that any Decree was obtained Upon the Cause here referred to: It is probable that all Proceedings were stayed, and that all Parties ac-

Soil has always been deemed peculiarly adapted to quiefeed j and it is conjectured, not without Proba-

the Growth of Oak, and the Quality of the Timber produced there superior to any other. The Ad of the 20th Charles II. for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in this Forest, has drawn a Line between the Rights of the Crown and of Individuals: But before we proceed to state the Provisions of that Act, it may not be useless or improper to take Notice of iome of the Grants made in the Reigns preceding that of Charles II. in order to assist in tracing the Origin and Foundation of such Claims as may now be made, every such Grant the Mines and Coal were reserved* to /hew what Rights were formerly possessed and In the 10th Charles I. a Justice Seat was held at exercised by the Crown j and what were the Circum- Gloucester , before the Earl of then

stances which led to the passing of that Act of Par- Lord Chief Justice in Eyre South of Trent, alfifted by Lament. ' Mr. Justice , Mr. Baron Trevor, and Sir

Pursuing this Plan, we shall,in the First Place, ob- Bridgman, Chief Justice of Chester j where all the Offi-serve, that though there are on Record various Grants cers of the Forest, Freeholders of Briavel’s Hun-

bility, that from this Order, by which the Inhabitants only who had been accustomed to work in the Mines were permitted to dig for Ore, they have since considered that Rcstriction as an Establishment of their Right, and a Record in their Favour, and have from that Time Called themselves Free Miners.

In the 16th and 17th James I. the King granted to and Jamct I, sundry Perforts divers Lands, which had been'taken by Aflart or Purprefture out of the Forest; and in

10 J*b> to C!)*' It

»3june, 9 ja’I*

17 Febr, 9 Ja» I,

6. S.

2&fh Jin. loth Jjines I#

relating to this Forest, for Terms of Years, or in Per petuity, made in almost every Reign, we do not find it necessary to mention any of them particularly in this Report, prior to the Reign of James I.

In the 9th Year of that King, a Grant was made to William Earl of Pembroke, of the Lordship, Manor, Town, and Castle of Saint Briavel's, and all the Forest of Dean, with the Appurtenances, in the County of Gloucester, and all Lands, Adines, and Quarries, to the said Lordship, (Ac. belongings except all great Trees, Wood, and Underwood, to hold for 40 Years, at the Yearly Relit of J-Sj. 18 s. 4 and 60s. 8 d. Increase Relit: And in the same Year the said Earl obtained a Grant of 12,000 Cords of Wood Yearly, for 21 Years, at 4 s.per Cord, being 2,400, and

reserving a Relit besides, of £.33. 6s. 8d. per,

with Liberty to dig for and take, within any Part of the said Forest, or the P thereof, such and so much Mine Ore, Cinders, Earth, Sand, Stone, Breaks, Moss, S.ea Coal, and Marie, as should be necessary for carrying on the Iron Works let to him, or which he should erect; no Person or Persons whatsoever, other than the said Earl, to be permitted, during the said Term, to take or carry out of the said Forest any Wood, Timber, Mine Ore, or Cinders, without Consent of the said Earl, except such Timber as should be used for his Majesty’s Shipping.

Soon after those Leases were granted, the Miners1 who had been employed in the Forest having begun to dig for Ore, without Consent of the Lessee, an Information was filed by the Attorney General against sonne of them; and in Hilary Term, 10th James an Order was made by the Court, That those Miners,

" and such others as had been accustomed to dig Ore " in the Forest (upon their humble SubmifTion for " their Offences, and Acknowledgment that the Soil " was the King’s, and that they had no Interest (t in, and upon their Motion by Counsel that they " were poor, and had no other Means of Support, and praying to be continued in their Employment)

"should be permitted, out of Charity and Grace, and " not of Right, to dig for Mine Ore, and Cinders, To be carried to his Majesty’s Iron Works, and nor to "any other Place, at the accustomed Races; and if " the Farmers of the King’s Iron Works Should * fu/e to give those Rates (which, as well as the " ber of Diggers, were to be ascertained by <( fmners to be named by the Court) then that they " might fell thp Ore to others;but no new Diggers

dred, and other Persons bordering on the Forest, put in their Claims: Among those is the Claim of Philip Earl of Pembroke, to be Constable of the Castle of Saint Briavel's, and Warden of the Forest, under a Grant of that King during Pleasure, and in virtue of *5 July* f Cha*I. that Appointment to be Chief Judge of a Court, called The Mine Law Court, held for the Regulation of the Mines of Iron and Coal, and of the Miners.

This is the first mention which we have any where found of a Mine Law Court. The Claims which were made and admitted on this Occasion remain on Record in the Tower: Such of those Claims as have since been extinguished by the before-mentioned Acct of 20th Charles II.and where no Attempt is now made to establish them, it is unnecessary to cake Notice of; but as the Colliers and Miners who have Works in the Forest have been, for a considerable Time past, supplied with Wood, and of late Years with Timber, for the Use of their Works, and now claim both as a Matter of Righr, and as this is by far the most considerable, as well as the most dedruc-tive Claim, now existing in this Forest, it may be proper to remark, that no Claim of the Miners or Colliers is found among those which were allowed at this or at any former Justice Scat, On the contrary, we find it express, mentioned, in the Return to a Commission of Enquiry concerning this Forest, dated 5 March 1671, that the Claims of the Miners had

been rejected at this Justice Sear, they not being a

Corporation; and there has been no Justice Seat held for this Fored since that Time. If the Miners had been difiarisfied with the Rejection of their Claims, or had thought them well-founded, it was in their Power to have sued our a Writ of Allowance, by which they would have been restored to the of their Rights,if the Deciliun of the Court had been

illegal; but this docs not appear to have been done.

At this Justice Seat the Perambulation of the Fored, which had been enlarged, as hath been already mentioned, and was afterwards reduced to its ancient Limits in the Reign of Edward I. and confirmed by j Act of Parliament, ia Edward III. was again extend- 4 j C. 3.

ed; but in the 16thof Charles I. the Meets, Limits, and Bounds of all the Foreds were settled, by a general Act, to be the same that they were commonly known, reputed, and taken to be, in the 20th Year of King James I. This Act redored the Boundaries of the Forest as they were ascertained by the Perambulation

Set Appendix, A/* §. 16 Chi' I.

18° Junii.

A. 1788.

tien of Edward L and these were afterwards declared *0 Charles II. to be the Meets and Bounds of it by the Act 20

CharlesII*

Appendix, N° 4. We have given in the Appendix the Perambulation

of this Forest, confined to its ancient and legal Bounds, but that Perambulation comprehends many Estates and Manors which are now private Property j and we have not thought it necessary to have a Survey taken of any other Parts of the Forest, than those in which the Soil, the Timber, or the Herbage belong to the Crown. These are described in the Plan delivered with this Report, and appear to contain 23,888 Acres, including a Tract of Land, called *8 M»y> ♦» Hen- Abbots Wood, containing 872 Acres, which is granted

during the active and vigilant Administration of Cromwell, for the Prevention of the Waste and Abuses in this Forest, and for the general Preservation of Timber, as may appear on Reference to the Journals.

And in 1656, an Act or Ordinance was pasted, by Scobeli’s CoM;< which the Grant to Sir John Wintourwas declared to be void; and it was enacted, that the Forest should remain in the Possession of the Protestor and his Successors, for ever, for the Use of the Commonwealth.

The Acts pasted during the Usurpation having been declared void o’-» the Restoration, Sir John tour'% Grant came aga.. to be in Force: He entered anew into Possession, and began to repair his Inclosures j but he met with great Opposition from the

Convent offlax- *n ^ee> fabjeft to an Exception of the Herbage for the neighbouring Inhabitants, who represented to Govern-

ley; ami n May, 36 HtmVIIhtoSirAnthy Kingston, Kn1. and his Heirs.

Novf 14. Chi* I,

Appendix, N® 6,-3' Mar. i( Ch> I.

King’s Deer and Wild Beasts, and of all Mines and Quarries, and with a Power to the Grantee to inclose One-Tenth Part thereof, and to hold the same inclosed against all Animals, except the King’s Deer and Wild Beasts, leaving Nine-Tenth Parts always open.

In the 12th Charles I. a Grant was made to Edward Ferringham, of all the Mines of Coal and Quarries of Grindftone within the Forest of Dean, and in all Places within the Limits and Perambulations thereof, as well those within his Majesty’s Demesne Lands, and the Waste and Soil there, as also all such as lay within the Lands of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, within the Perambulation of the said Forest, to his Majesty reserved, or lawfully belonging, to hold for Thirty-one Years, at the Yearly Relit of £.30.

In 1638 a Commission was issued to divers Persons to make a Survey of the Wood and Timber, and Soil of the Forest of Dean; by which Survey it appeared that there were then within the Forest (besides the Woodwardship of the Lea Baily, containing about 1,000 Acres) 105,557 Trees, containing 61,928 Tons of Timber, and 153,209 Cords of Wood. And upon this Survey an entire Sale was made to Sir John Win-tour, of all his Majesty’s Coppices, Wood Ground, and Waste Soil of the said Forest (except the Lea Baily) with the Wood and Timber, and all his Mines of Iron and Coal, and Quarries of Millstones and Grindstones, and all Mines of Iron, Cinders, Tin, Lead, and Coal, and Quarries of Millstones and Grindstones, lying and being in the Lands of any of his Majesty’s Subjects, within the Perambulation of the said Forest, in 27th Edward I. reserved or lawfully belonging to the Crown, inConsideration of£.106,000, to be paid by Installments, and a Fee Farm’ Relit of £.1,950. 12j. 8 d.forever.

In order to ascertain what Quantity of Land, in the said Forest, the Crown might dispose of for Cultivation, a Commission was issued to Sir Charles Harbord, and others, previous to the Sale to Sir John Wintour, to enquire into the Rights, both of the Crown and the Country in the Forest; and after a full Discussion, an Agreement was entered into between the Commissioners and the Commoners, in Consequence of which 18,000 Acres were set out for Inclosure and Improvement. Those 18,000 Acres were afterwards disaffo-rested, and the Right of Pasturage was reserved to the Commoners on 4,000 Acres, which were parcelled out in convenient Situations for the respective Parishes having Right of Common. It does not appear that any Claim was made by the Miners and Colliers on this Occasion.

Sir John Wintour entered into Possession, made Inclosures, and grubbed up great Quantities of Timber and Underwood; but at the breaking out of the Civil War, which quickly followed, the Inclosures were thrown down, Sir John Wintour was deprived of the Benefit of his Patent, and the whole Forest was journals 164.8, in Danger of being destroyed. Measures were, in-

49, and 50. deed, very soon adopted, and very steadily pursued.

*8 Deer i66r, Survey or General's Oflict of Crown Lands.

£ 1 ©6,oooo.

£ M50. 11. 8.

16 May, 16 ChaJ I.

Appendix, N* 6,

ment that the Continuance of that Grant would be hurtful both to them and to the Public; and in Consequence of those Representations, a Commission jMar. »4Ch»»ii. issued from the Exchequer to Lord Herbert, Constable of the Castle of SaintBriavel’s, and Warden of the Forest, and others, to enquire into the State and Condition of the Forest; and upon a minute Survey then made, there were found 25,929 Oaks, and 4,204 Beeches, in all 30,233 Trees, containing 121,572 Cords of Wood, and 11,335 Tons of Ship Timber, fit for the Navy.

The Purpose for which this Commission was issued is well described by Sir Charles Harbord, in a Memorial or Representation, dated 28 December 1661, in which he fays, His Majesty hath been pleased to be present with my Lord Chancellor, and Lord Treasurer,

&ca. at the Hearing of this Business, and hath given

Order that a Commission shall be forthwith issued <c out of the Exchequer, to enquire into the State of <c the Forest; intending, upon the Return of the said <l Commission, to acquaint the Parliament with the " true State of the Business; and to recommend it to " their Wisdom to provide that the said Forest may be restored to his Majesty’s Demesne, and re- afforested, and improved by Inclosures, for a future Supply of Wood, for a constant Support of the " Iron Works there, producing the best Iron of " Europe for many Years, and for the Produce of <c Timber for the Navy, and other Uses, in Time to " come; which might be of great Use for Defence " of this Nation, the old Trees there {landing being " of above 300 Years Growth, and yet as good Timber as any in the World; and the Ground so apt " to produce, and so strong to nourish and preserve tc Timber, especially Oaks, that within an Hundred " Years there may be sufficient Provision there found to maintain the Navy Royal forever."

In the same Paper Sir Charles Harbord fays,tc Crom-" well in his Military Parliament resumed this Forest, and re-afforested the said i8,oco Acres, and so preserved the same by the Forest Law, with all the Wood and Trees; and expelled near 400 Cabins of beggarly People, living upon the Waste and De-« struction of the Wood and Timber, and great Nurabers of Goats, Sheep, and Swine, that destroyed the «« young Wood and Soil thereof; all which (said he)

" now begin to invade the same as formerly."

Upon the Return to this Commission, a new Treaty 5 Mar> >4clu‘ was entered into with Sir John Wintour, in Consequence of which his former Patent was surrendered, and a Grant was made to Francis Fynchand Robert Clayton, at the Nomination of Sir John Wintour, of all the

above-mentioned Trees then growing in the Forest, except the 11,335 Tons of Ship Timber; together with the Use and Occupation of the King’s Iron Works, and Liberty to dig for and use Iron Ore and Cinders in the said Forest.

But this new Grant was rapidly followed with Consequences so destructive to the Forest, and detrimental to the Public, that Complaints were very soon 2 " made

*8 July 1

30 July '

*4

Chi’tf

a 8 Geo. III.

18° Jt

565

Jouraalt*

13 April 1663*

to Jtilf i66j.

>3 May 1664,

Jonmalf, si Feb* 1667.

made to the House of Conomons of the great Waste afterwards, from Fifteen Days before to

done there: A Committee was appointed to take the " Fifteen Days after.

Whole Matter into Confxderation, from which Com- '* That all Grants of any Part of the Waste Soil mittee Sir Charles Harbord reported to the House, *« of the said Forest be re-aflufned and made void j «« Thiit Sir John Wintour had 500 Cutters of Wood and that no Part of the said Waste of Soil be alienemployed in Dean Forejlj and that all the Timber ed forever from the Crown, or farmed to anyparti- would be destroyed, if Care Should not be speedily " cular Person or Persons, by Lease or otherwise.

" taken to prevent it.’* The House then made an " And that this may be settled by Act of Parlia-Order that a present Stop Should be put to any fur- "

« Hen. Hall.

*« fVm P

Dun. Cokbv

Jo. Witt."

The Act of 20th Charles II. was a Consequence of *« I. C. p,

ther felling of Timber, or cutting of Wood; and a Bill was afterwards brought in for settling the Forest, and improving and preserving the Timber and Wood j but Parliament being prorogued before this Bill could pass, the House recommended to the Lord these Proceedings, and of the Report of this (Jom-Treasurer and the Chancellor of the Exchequer to mittee j and we have been the more full in our State-take Care for the Preservation and Improvement of ment of them, because they shew that all the previous the Forest: Bur, notwithstanding that Recommenda- Steps which led to the passing of that Act were deli-tien, the Waste committed by Sir John Wintour conti- berately taken; that Opportunity was given to every nued} and it was found, on a new Survey in 1667, Person who then had any Claim on the Forest, to that of the said 30,233 Trees sold to Sir John Win- bring it forward j that the Whole was carried on with tour, there remained only about 200 in the Forest f the Approbation and at the Desire of the Freeholders,

and of the 11,335 Tons of Ship Timber reserved to the King, not more than 1,100 Tons had been delivered j and that there would be 7 or 8,000 Tons found wanting of the Timber so reserved for his Majesty’s Navy.

Various other Circumstances were stated to Parliament, by the Freeholders, Inhabitants, and Commoners, to shew the Neceflicy there was to put an immediate Stop to the Waste committed by Sir John tour 1 and their own Willingness to comply with whatever Should be thought best for the Service of the King, and of the Public; and, to the End that a Nursery might be made for a future Growth of Ship Timber in the Forest, they presented to the Committee the following Propofols.

Inhabitants, and Commoner! 1 and that no Injury or Violence was done to any private Rights or Property.

The Two following Clauses were added while the Bill was before the House of Commons:

" Propofols by and on the Behalf of the Free-" holders. Inhabitants, and Commoners within " the Forest of Dean, for the Preservation and c< Improvement of the Growth of Timber " there.

1 ft. " Saving to the Miners and Persons using the Trade of digging for Iron Ore, Coal, and Oker in the said Forest, their lawful Rights and Privileges " in all the Lands and Grounds lying within the Perambulation and Regard of the said Forest (other " than the said Inclosures for the Time they shall contin he inclosed) as fully and absolutely as if this Act " had never been made.

2d. ,f Provided, that any Lease or Leases, made or to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef- fors, to any Person or Persons whatsoever, for any " Term or Terms of Years, not exceeding the Term " of 31 Years in Possession, of the Coal Mines and «« Quarries of Grindstone in the said Forest, or any uPart thereof, shall be of like Force as if this Act " had never been made, except of such Coal Mines as are or shall be in any Part of the 11,000 Acres " lotted for his Majesty's Inclosures, and as shall continue inclosed."

u

rt Imprimis, That 11,000 Acres of the Waste Soil of " the Forest of Dean, whereof the Lea Unify and Cannoppto be Parc of the said Waste, may be inclosed

" by his Majesty, and discharged for ever from all Manner of Pasture, Eftovers, and Pannage j and if ever his Majesty, or his Successors, shall think fit to lay open any Part of the said 11,000 Acres, then was made to Francis Esquire, of all Mines

fe to take m so much elsewhere,so as the whole In- of Coal, and Quarries of Grindftone, within the said " closure exceed not at any One Time r 1,000 Acres.Forest, to hold Years, under a Relit of £.30

*That all the Wood or Timber which shall here- /rr Annum. Thepleads of the Act, which are exactly

This Right reserved to the Crown, to lease the Coal Mines and Quarries, was very fbon exercised; and immediately after the pasting of this Act, a Grant

agreeable to the Terms of the Propofol before dated, as far as it goes, are given more fully in the Appendix.

Under the Direction of the Marquis of Worcester, and others, who were appointed Commissioners in pursuance of this Act, 8,487 Acres of the Forest were speedily inclosed and planted and the remaining 2,513 Acres, to make up the Quantity of n,oco Acres, were inclosed some Time afterwards. It

" after grow upon the remaining 13,000 Acres shall " absolutely belong to his Majesty, discharged from " all Eftovers for ever, and Pannage for Twenty " Years next ensuing.

" That the whole Wade Soil be re-afforeded, and " subject to the Forest Laws; but that the Severity " of the Forest Laws be taken off" from the Lands in

« several, belonging to the Freeholders and Inhabi-

" tants within the said Forest, they themselves being contented to serve his Majesty, according to pears by the Return to the Commission issued for that " their several Offices and Places, as formerly, at the Purpose, that the Money laid out in making t{ Forest Courts. closures, and in the Purchase of Catmopp, mentioned

" That the Deer to be kept on the said Waste Soil in the Act, was raised by the Sale of Cord wood, and " may not exceed Eight hundred at any One Time; of dotard and decayed Trees, sold by Mr. Agar, then " and the Fees which belong to the particular O/fi- Surveyor of the Woods j and in Mr. Agar's Answers " cers, touching Venison, may be preserved to them, to Qu put to him relative to the Disposal of that tc as to Venison only, and not to Wood and Trees. Money, he fays, " To the 8th Article I do answer,

*c That it is consented to that the Winter Heyning lt that I was concerned in receiving several Sums of

~ u Money by Sale of Cordwood, to Mr. Foley, and dice vers others, and of the Timber that did happen to " arise out of the old Oaks and Beeches felled for the "Cordwood, and other Uses, and of Wood that I sold to the Colliers for their Pits, in the whole

7 L

Appendix, 7.

e( and Fence Month, according to the Forest Law, " being such Times wherein no Kind of Cattle be ‘J permitted to abide in any Part of the said Waste, may be understood to be from Saint Marttfs Day " in the- Winter to Saint George's Day in Aprils and Vol. XLIII.

Vol, of indent Offee Paper*, removed from Wm Morton Pitt, Esqr.

i8 Junii.

A \ 1788*

" amounting to 91; which Money was

expended in buying in Cannopp, &ea. of Maynard, Esquire, at Fifteen hundred Pounds; in " setting up his Majesty’s Inciofures in the said Forest, of 8,400 Acres, with Gates, Stiles, &V’. and " Tome Reparations of them; in employing a sworn " Surveyor to admeasure them j in building Part of the Speech House; in divers Repairs at Briavel’s Castle; in the Charge of executing Two " several Commissions, and other Services in the said " Forest, as are contained in my Account for the " said Money, passed before his Majesty’s Auditor, " and controlled by the Lord Treasurer and Chan-u cetlor of the Exchequer feme Years since." From this Answet it appears, that immediately after the passing of this A ft, the Colliers, who it is said now. pretend to have a Right to whatever Timber they find necessary for carrying on their Works in the Forest, without paying any Thing for it, then purchased it from the Crown.

The greatest Attention appears to have been given by the Ministers of State of that Time, by Sir Charles Harbord, Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and by his Son and Successor Mr. William Harbord, to the Protection of the young Woods and the Inciofures; and it is chiefly in those Parts of the Forest which were then inclosed,. that the Timber with which the Dock Yards have been since furnished from this Forest has been felled, and in which any considerable Quantity of useful Timber is now to be found.

By the Advice of Sir Charles Harbord, the Forest was divided into Six Walks or Districts, and for each Walk a Keeper was appointed; and Six Lodges, in convenient Situations, were built, and 30 Acres of Land inclosed, and laid to each of the said Lodges, " for the better Encouragement and enabling of the " said Keepers to attend and watch over the said In- dofures within their several Walks, and to preserve " the fame, and the young Springs of Wood and <c Trees thereon growing and to grow, from Time to " Time, from Spoil and Harm."

In the same Year several Gentlemen and Freeholders of the Parish of Newland, within the Forest, presented a Petition to the Treasury, in which they let forth, " That there had been, and then was, great Store of Coal in several Men’s Lands in the said " Parish, and in the adjoining Waste; that the Free " Miners opened and dug Pits at their Pleasure, as well in his Majesty’s Waste, as in the Lands of " private Men; and did then take considerable Quantities of his Majesty’s Wood, for Support of their " Coal Works, as of Right appertaining to their " Custom , that the Inhabitants of the adjacent Coun- try were supplied from thence with Coal for Firing, " without which great Spoils would be inevitably committed in his Majesty’s Woods, and also for " Lime Coal, without which there would be little " Tillage} that the Petitioners finding the Free Miners to abuse the Country, by lessening the former " Measures of Coal, and to make Daily Consumption " of his Majesty’s Woods, had, without the least *c Prospect of Gain, in Hopes of putting a Stop to those Mischiefs, and for the better Accommodation " of themselves and Neighbours, agreed together to " try for, and carry on, digging of Coal for both " Uses, at a Place called Milk-wall, near to the Works of those Free Miners in his Majesty’s Waste, " but not within’the Inciofures, for the Support of " which they did not intend to claim or use any of "his Majesty's Woods, but to buy in the Country, although they had equal Pretence of Right, as well <« to Wood, as to the Liberty of digging j but that having been obliged to make the End of their Level for draining their Pits a little within the In-« closure of the Forest (without the least Prejudice " thereto) they found that by the extreme Hardncft

3

" of the Rock they could not, without excessive " Charge, compass their Level, unless they might " have Leave to turn into the Hill within the Inclosures, not exceeding 5 or 6 Acres at most (wherein there was no Wood) to carry through the said Level.

Praying, therefore, that for a Work of such pub- lie Advantage they might be allowed to alter that " Part of the Inclosure, and to carry in the Ditch so *« much farther as to exclude the said 6 Acres, doing " the same at their own Cost."

This Petition was referred to Sir Charles Harbord, Idem, Lib. who in his Report thereon fays, " That he had fe- riously considered the Petition, and perused the Act " of Parliament, wherein it is expressly provided that " the said Inciofures should remain in Severalty, in the " actual Possession of the Crown, for ever, freed and " discharged from all Right, Title, and Pretence'

" whatsoever, and should be made and reputed a " Nursery for Wood and Timber only; in Consideration whereof, and of the 7th Clause in the said Act, he could not advise any Warrant for breaking " into the said Inciofures, without Mr. Attorney’s " Opinion; and that the Claims, as to the Mines and Quarries, did not seem to be legal or justifiable in " Point of Right, though they had been long permitted j and as to the Coal Works, there never was " any such Claim to his Remembrance, much less to any Liberty of cutting his Majesty’s Woods for the Support thereof j and the same ought to be totally *c suppressed, and would be so by a good Officer, as " Colonel Wade was in the Time of the Usurpation,

and that only by the Forest Law, and the ordinary Authority of a Justice of Peace; and that nothing " was more necessary than the Preservation of the " said Inciofures from Spoil and Harm, and the rest " of the growing Wood upon the said Wastes without the Inclosures from unlawful Pretences and Destruction, which might well be done by the Forest Law, if the same were duly executed, as it ought to be."

And so strictly were the Provisions of the Act of Parliament with regard to this Forest then attended to, that though Sir Baynbam Throgmorton, who had been One of the Commissioners first appointed for carrying it into Execution, gave it as his Opinion that the agreeing to the Prayer of the Petition would tend to the Preservation of the Woods in the Forest, and the Convenience and Advantage of the Country, yet ic was rejected, for the Reasons suggested by Sir Charles Harbord.

In the Return to a Commission directed to the Marquis of Worcester, and others, with Instructions concerning the Forest, there is a very minute Description of the Inciofures which had been made in Consequence of the Act, and of the State in which they found the Fences and the Woods, both within and without the Inciofures. In representing the Injury done to the Forest, they say, " That the Colliers and Miners have had Tome Birch and Orle delivered to them for the " Support of their Pits, of the Value of £. 6, or " L- 7* ar,d without paying for the same of late Years, <*, which they pretend an ancient Right to by Prescription.

" That they were of Opinion that the most likely Way to render the Forest Courts effectual, and to " compel the Officers of Inheritance to be diligent «« and faithful in the Discharge of their several Duties, for the Preservation of the Forest, would be to " procure a Justice Seat once a Year, for Six or Seven " Years, to be held in the Long Vacation, within the " said Forest, or not remote from it; which might be " so done at a small Charge, by a Deputation front the "Lord Chief Justice in Eyre, and by Adjournment thereof from Time to Time.

That there were remaining about Thirty Cabina

« in

1% ApriJ Lib. 11. Pa. 1. in Office.

28 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

5*7

in several Parts of the Forest, inhabited by about hurtful to their Interest: By encouraging the Growth xoo poor People, many of whom had been born in of Underwood, it would lellen the Pasture, and their

the Forest, and never lived out of it; and that they had taken Care to demolish the said Cabins, and the Inclosures about them; but that it would require some little longer Time for the effectual Removal and legal Settlement of them in other Places: They mention several Parts of the Inclosures in which the

Swine would be prevented by the Inclosure from getting the Acorns and Beech Mali: And in Opposition to this we find another Petition from a Number of poor Inhabitants employed in the Service of the Iron Manufacturers, praying that the Plan of Inclosure might be persisted in, for the Increase of Underwood,

toFtbr i7o«.

Trees were grown pall Danger of Injury from Cat- by the cutting of which they gained their Livelihood, tie, and which they recommend to be thrown open. This Matter was again referred to Mr. , and by and that an equal Quantity Should be inclosed in Place thereof ;" and on the 21st July 1680, a Warrant was issued for that Purpose accordingly.

%-rj In 1683, a Proposal was made by Sir John Ernie,

Lib. j\i ;<».* Supervisor or Conservator of the Forest, to the Lords inSunwvor General'* of the Treasury, for raising a constant Revenue out of i ..". row" this Forest by the making of Iron: It was proposed that £.1,000 Ihoyld be expended by the King in the Erection of Iron Works, and that 8,000 Cords of Wood should be furnished Annually from the Forest;

his Advice to the Attorney General, Sir Simon Bar-court, who gave it as his Opinion, t( That no Claim or " Right of Common of Eftovers, Herbage, or Pannage, could prevent the inclosing, keeping in Se-ft veralty, or improving, as her Majesty should direst, the 11,000 Acres mentioned in the Act, and preserving the same inclosed in Severalty for ever, as a Nursery of Wood and Timber only."

These Petitions afford a strong Proof, even in the History of this Forest (in which the Rights of all Par-

4 July 17*7-

14 J»B-

Vol. of ancient Omce Papers received from Morton Fitt,

N#46. pa. 1I5*

it May.

3 W. and M.

that no Oak or Beech Tree, fit or likely to become fit ties are less complicated and better defined than in for Ship-building, should be used; and the Advan- any other) of the bad Effects which mull arise from tage to the Crown was to be £. 5,390 per Annum. This any Mixture of Interests whatever, and of the Necef-Proposal was referred to Mr. William Harbord and Mr. fity there is for adopting some Plan for the Division Agar, who were directed to enquire into the Parti- of the Forests among those who have mixed Rights in culars, and report their Opinion thereon; and after them, giving to each the entire Property of a Part, or the most minute Enquiry, and attentive Consideration a fair Price in Money, adequate to the Value of his

of the probable Effect of such a Grant on the Forest, as a Nursery of Timber, the Proposal was rejected.

New Proposals of a similar Kind were made in the 3d of William and Mary, and a Lease for 21 Years was

Share or Interest in the Whole.

In 1708, on another Memorial from the same Surveyor General, setting forth, that certain Trees had, by the neighbouring Inhabitants, been stript of their applied for; in Consequence of which a CommiUion Bark, Lord Godolphin issued a Warrant for felling those «o Augt ,70|. was issued to the Duke of Beaufort and others, with Trees, and such other Trees, from Time to Time, as Instructions respecting the Enquiry to be made. As should not be of Use to the Navy, for the Purpose of ai'for'* office,’1* "* the Return to that Commission (hews very distinctly making Gates, Stiles, and Fences; and directing the

Remainder not so used to be sold, and the Money applied to her Majesty’s Service, and Annually accounted for upon Oath to the Auditor of the Exchequer.

In 1711 a Bill was filed in the Exchequer by Sir

what the State of the Forest then was, what Attention was then given to the Preservation of it, and what had been the Effect of a careful Observance, to that Time, of the Regulations and Provisions of the Act

Appendix, N*S.

of 20th Charles II. we have inserted a Copy of it in Edward Nor they. Attorney General, against William the Appendix. There are also, in the Books of the Parry, John Reynolds, and others. Colliers, for cutting Public Offices, many Returns to Commissions during Trees and Wood in this Forest; but upon the Death the 17th Century, equally minute, and bearing similar of the Queen before any Decision was made in this Marks of Attention and Accuracy. Cause, all Proceedings ceased; and we do not find

For about Twenty Years after the passing the Act that any Process has been'instituted by the Crown of 20th Charles II. the Courts of Attachment and Swanimote appear to have been regularly held, and the Colliers were prevented from committing any Spoil in the Forest; but at the Resolution, and before the new Government was fully settled, their Depreda-

so Anns*

U

P; 1 &

Lawyers since that Time, for the Prevention or Punishment of Abuses in this Forest.

One striking Effect of this Attention to the Forest, in the Prevention of Encroachments, and Expulsion of Intruders, is also mentioned by Sir Robert Atkins, in History of Gloue*f-tiens were renewed; and during the Reigns of King his History of the ancient and present State of Glou- terihire.

William and Queen Anne they seem to have been fuf- cejlershire; where, speaking of the Forest of Dean, he fered to take Wood for the Use of their Works, but fays: " The Six Lodges built for the Keepers are the

" only Houses within the present Forest, which is a large Tract of Land, containing 23,000 Acres, all <r extra-parochial. There had been many Cottages " erected within the Wastes, but they have been lately " pulled down, as the best Means to preserve the «« Woods and Inclosures." This Book was published 1712; and Sir Robert Atkins having long been

m

0

it

J‘ *5 i* *7«S* tO Mt£t, Woo4», &e.

kTIOfin.

be

j®

15*

lit*

ii]mr 1706.

not ‘Timber,

In 1705, Edward Wilcox, Esquire, Surveyor General of the Woods, represented, in a Memorial to the Treasury, that he had carefully surveyed the Woods in the Forest of Dean, and found them very full of young Trees, Two-third Parts whereof were Beech, which overtopped the Oaks, and'would prevent them

from evergrowing up to be Ship Timber, so as to an- Chief Baron of the Court of Exchequer, into which fwer the Purposes intended by the Act of Parliament; the Answers to most of the Commissions relative to Set Appendix, N*t. and setting forth, that 11,000 Acres had formerly been ' this Forest were returned, his Authority on this Sub-inclosed; and that if the same Should be divided into jest is unquestionable.

Sixteen Parts, and One Sixteenth Part, being near 700 It is probable that the Forest was about that Time Acres, should be cut down each Year, and inclosed, in its best State; for though the Forest Courts had leaving Standards of Oak or Beech, each Cutting not been so regularly held as before the Resolution, would yield £.3,500, and Rpom would be given for yet the greatest Attention had been given by the Mi-the Standards to grow and come to Perfection. To nifters, Surveyors General, and inferior Servants of this Proposal Lord Godolphin consented, and granted a Warrant for carrying it into Execution.

Against this Proposal a Petition was presented to the

the Crown. Different Commissioners had been font by the Treasury to view the Forest, who had made the most minute Returns; and as the Cottages had been pulled down,\it is probable that every Encroachment was re-claimed: But here all Care of the Forest ting forth, that the inclosing and incoppicing, accord- appears to have ceased; and the Account which we ing to the Plan suggested by Mr. Wilcox, would be are to give in the next Part of this Report, will be

found

imil P»i«r* front Lord Treasurer, from those who claimed a Right to Tnafory. Common of Herbage and Pannage in the Forest, set-

568

l86 Junii.

A. 1788.

found a Compieat Contrail to that Which we have the public Offices, or in any detached Writings, since given, of the active and careful Management during that Time, that deserves Notice, the preceding Century; for from the Relaxation in The Gentlemen who held the ancient Offices of the leji.il Government of the Forests, and the Neglect Verdcrors, Foresters, and Woodwards (the Two last of of those to whom the Care of this valuable Property which are Hereditary) gradually withdrew their Care was intruded, Abuses' have gradually crept in, and of the Forest, which appeared to be no longer an Ob-have been suffered to increase to such a Height, as jest of the Attention of Government; the Superin-sufficiently accounts for the unprofitable and wafted tendance or Co-operation of the Surveyor General of Condition to which they are now reduced, the Crown Lands with the Surveyor General of the

Woods, which had been attended with the beftEffeft,

seems to have been discontinued about the fame

Time; and the Deputy Surveyor and Keepers, finding no Check from their Superiors, appear very soon to have loft Sight of the Public Interest in the Forest, We have already observed. That in the early Part which it was their Duty to watch over and protest. of the History of this Country, when the Landed Pro- Lord Weymouth, who was Warden of the Forest of

perty of the Crown afforded the principal Source of Dean when the Suit which fre have mentioned was Revenue to the Sovereign, the Alienations and En- instituted in the Exchequer against the Colliers, hav-croachments, though great and frequent, were amply ing been removed upon the Death of Queen Anne, all made up by Resumptions, Forfeitures, and the Effects further Proceedings in that Cause were dropt.

PART IP.

In the Books or the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, which, during the preceding Century, furnish numerous Documents, and much useful Information, the Forest of Dean is hardly ever mentioned from that Time to the present; and the Books of the Auditor, in which numerous Commissions of Enquiry, with the Returns to them, and other Papers of Consequence relative to Dean Forest, prior to that Period, were en-

rolled or entered, contain only Warrants for felling Timber for the Navy, or for Sale; the Produce of which is for the most Part directed to be applied towards the repairing of Lodges, Roads, or Fences, or the Payment of Salaries to Officers, or Free Gifts from the Crown.

In one of those Warrants, in the Year 1735, ‘c's observed, " That whereas it has been represented by *

" the Surveyor General, that a Practice has prevailed AudW^ofe*

" among the Colliers of boring large Holes in Trees,

" that they may become dotard and decayed, and as " such may be delivered to them for the Use of their " Collieries; in order to prevent such pernicious and u destructive Practices, Directions are given that such bored Trees as appear to be dead and spoiled shall be felled, taking Care that none be cut down that may be of Use to the NavyBut not a Word is

of the Forest Laws. During the 17th Century, the Landed Property of the Crown still contributed considerably towards the Support of Government; and was, in every Reign, the great Resource for gratifying the Favourites of the Monarch, or rewarding those who had distinguished themselves in the Service of the Public. As Occasions of this Kind often occurred, and the Crown had then the uncontrouled Power of Alienation, and as Resumptions were become less common, and less popular, by far the greatest Part of the Forests and Landed Estates of the Crown were, in that Period, fold, or granted away. The Attention then given by the Servants of the Crown to this Part of the public Property, was perhaps owing to the Circumstance of its affording the readied Means of Supply; and it is one Consequence of that Attention, that though the Books and Papers formerly kept in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests have not been regularly preserved in that Office, we have elsewhere found numerous Documents to assist us in tracing the Management of what was then under the Charge of that Department.

Sir Julius Cafar, Chancellor of the Exchequer to James the I*, left many Books and detached Writings, relative to the State of the Landed Property of the Crown, with his Plans of Management: Great Num- said about endeavouring to discover the Offenders, bers of Papers and Letters on the same Subject were that they might be punished, or recommending more written by Manwtod, one of the Judges in that Reign, Attention and Care to the Officers of the Forest. Our and Author of the Treatise on the Forest Laws; by chief Reason for stating this last Circumstance so fully Nor den, a Surveyor of great Eminence; by Taverner, is, because it not only shews the flight Attention then Trefwell, and Agar, Surveyors GeneraTof the Woods; paid by Government to this Subject, when it could by Sir Charles Harhord, and Mr. William Harbord, his not be altogether avoided, but because, in such a

Son, Surveyors General of the Crown Lands; and by some who held the First Offices in Administration. Many of these are still preserved, and are now, or authentic Copies of them, in our Possession; and there are extant, in the Books of the Auditor and Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, and in other Offices, numerous Commissions of Enquiry into the State of the Woods and Forests during that Period, with the Returns to those Commissions; all which are so many

Want of Documents for tracing the first Beginnings and Progressof the Abuses, since carried to so great.a Height, it is necessary to mark, that from this Paper it appears that the Colliers, who now frequently obtain from the Keepers the best Trees in the Forest, did not at that Time think themselves entitled to have any that were not dotard and decayed.

The first Representation that we have found of any Thing like the present Abuses, is in a Memorial of

»7JS*

Original Ptpatfroa the Treasurjr.

Proofs of the Attention then given to these Subjects Christopher Bond, Esq; Conservator and Supervisor of by the Servants of the Crown. —

But when the Alarm occasioned by the extensive Grants made towards the Close of that Century had x Anne, Ch»p.>. produced the Act of 1701, by which the Crown was restrained from alienating any Part of its Landed Property, the Attention given to that Subject by Ministers very soon ceased 5 and though it is probably owing to that Act of Parliament that the Forests and Lands which still belong to the Crown have been preserved, yet that Restriction certainly does not appear to have had any good Effect upon the Care and Management of what was retained; and we have met with very little relative to the Forest which is the immediate Object of Consideration, either in the Books of the Forest of Dean, to the Treasury, in 1736, stating. That after the Act aoth Charles II. 11,000 Acres had been inclosed; that the Officers were duly elected, Forest Courts held, and Offenders prosecuted and punished, by which Means were raised a great Quantity of Timber Trees; but that within the last Thirty Years those Elections had been negr lested, the Courts discontinued, and Offenders left unpunished; the Officers of Inheritance, and others, were grown remiss and negligent; so that a few In-dofures, and those of a few Acres only, of the said 11,000 Acres, were kept up, and these not carefully repaired; a great Number of Cottages were erected upon the Borders of the Forest, the Inhabitants 8 " whereof

28 Geo. III. i8°

*' whereof lived by Rapine and Theft* that there were besides many other Offences committed, such *f as intercommoning of Foreigners, Surcharges of " Commoners, Tref'paiTes in the Fence Month and ct Winter Haining, and in the Inclosures; keeping Hogs, Sheep, Goats, and Geese, being uncommon- able Animals, in the Forest; cutting and burning " the Nether Vert, Furze, and Fern; gathering and of taking away the Crabs, Acorns, and Malt* and " other Purprcfhires and Offences; carrying away " such Timber Trees as were covertly cut down in the N ight Time; by which Practices several Hundred fine Oaks were Yearly destroyed, and the Growth of others prevented; and that it was feared " that some of the inferior Officers of the Forest, find- ing Offenders to go on with Impunity, were not " only grown negligent, but also connived at, if not r‘ partook, in the Spoil daily committed; and recoinmending that there Should be a new Law to explain " that of Charles II, to enforce Officers to do their " Duty; and that the Forest Laws, though formerly " odious to the People, by Reason of the unlimited " Power and arbitrary Proceedings of former Chief Justices in Eyre, would cease to be so for the fu-ft tore, provided all former Offences Should be remit-f ted, and a Method found out for tfying by a Jury,

" and convicting before the Verderors at their Swanimote Court, and a Power lodged in the Verderors " to fine, under a certain Sum, all Offenders save *c such as Should be punishable by the Statute then " proposed) without Appeal, as no Offences come *f under the Cognizance of the Forest Courts, by the '* Atft of the 10th Charles II. but what are committed " in the Wades of the said Forest."

This was referred to the Surveyor General of the Woods, who was directed to attend the Attorney and Solicitor General, Sir John hVilles and Sir Dudley Ryder, to take their Opinion thereon; and their Opinion was, i( that the Offences were chiefly owing to the Neglect of platting the Stat. icth Charles II. in Execution; and they recommended therefore, that the " several vacant Offices of the Forest Should be filled " up, that the Forest Courts Should be regularly held)

,{ and that the Officers Should be strictly enjoined to <c do their Duty, to fee what Effect that Method would " have before trying a new Law But we have met with no Proof that any Thing was done in Consequence of this Opinion.

About the Year 1758, a Proposal was made by John Pitt, Esquire, then Surveyor General of the Woods, for inclosing 2,000 Acres in Dean which was

agreed to by the Treasury, and ordered accordingly.

In 1763, Mr. Pitt was removed from that Office, and Sir Edmund Thomas appointed to succeed him. In 1767, Mr. Pitt was re-appointed Surveyor General; and in 1770, he represented to the Treasury, that going lately into Dean Forest, he found that great Spoil had been committed there, and great Quantities of Wood and Timber cut by Order of Sir Edmund Thomas, the late Surveyor General, without Warrant, amounting in Value to ft. 3,135.

In 1771, Mr. Pitt presented a Memorial to the Treasury, proposing another Inclosure of 2,000 Acres in this Forest, the Expence of which was estimated to Woods, &c. amount to ft.2,077. 18 10 and a Warrant was

AutUtoi’s'giftce'n illucd for authorizing him to inclose that Quantity, and

e’ to raise the Money by Wood Sales in the Forest.

In the same Year, 1771, a Committee of the House of Commons was appointed to consider how His Majesty’s Navy might be better supplied with Timber,

Commons Reports, and to report their Opinion thereon. That Commit-. a I-Pa. 15. tcc made a very minute Report of the Information which they had received but, at their Request, that Part of the Order which required that they Should re-' port an Opinion, was discharged; and though they

.laid before the Eloufe much ufri’ul Information, and Voi.. XUil.

Junii. 5

the fulleft Proofs of the Scarcity and Decrease Of Naval Timber, it does not appear that any Thing wps done in Consequence of it, for promoting the Objerir for which the Committee was appointed. In the Appendix to that Report, N° 16, a summary View is gitfen of the Judgment of the Dealers in the different Counties, respecting the proportionate Decrease of Oak Timber: We have thought it right to inlert that Paper in our Appendix, in Confirmation of the Reports Appendix, N»jii of our Surveyors, and the Opinion we have ventured to give on the Subject of the general Decrease of Timber.

It appears from the Examination of Mr. Surveyor General Pitt, before that Committee, that a Survey had been made of the Timber in this Forest in 1764; when it was computed that there were 27,302 Loads fit for the Navy, 16,851 Loads of about 60 Years Growth, and 20,066 Loads dotard and decaying; and

in pursuance of an Order of the House of Com- j<wnai«,

mens, a fresh Survey of the Timber was made in 1783, *oJunei7»i#

in the Return to which Order it is stated, that there

were then in this Forest 90,382 Oak Trees, computed

to contain 95,043 Loads; and 17,982 Beech Trees,

computed to contain 16,492 Loads, both of Square

Measure.

Various Representations were made to the Treasury, by the same Surveyor General, between the Years 1771 and 1786, relative to Abuses and Depredations committed in this Forest by the Miners and Colliers,

Timber Stealers, and others; and a Variety of Expedients were proposed by him for preventing them, by introducing Checks on the Delivery of Timber to the Miners, and establishing Rewards to be paid on the Discovery and Conviction of Offenders: But the little Success which followed those well-intended Measures, shews how useless it is to attempt an Improvement of this Forest, while the resident Officers derive Advantages from the Continuance of the Abuses. In Spite Appendix, H»t*. of the Endeavours of the Surveyor General, the Quantity of Timber delivered to the Miners has encreased every Year; and the Inclosures which were made on his Recommendation, were very soon buffered, by those who had the Charge of them, to go to Ruin.

Having stated the Substance of all the Proceedings which we have met with, so far as appeared to us to be necessary for enabling the Legislature to judge of the Attention given to this Forest during the last Century, and the beneficial Effects which resulted from it, as well as of the destructive Consequences which ensued from the subsequent Neglect; we shall now state the Course of proceeding on Falls of Timber for the Navy, and also on Wood Sales, and on the Execution of Works done in the Forest.

When Timber is wanted from the Forests for the Dock Yards, the Commissioners of the Navy order their Purveyors to enquire from what Forest such Timber can be supplied; the Return of the Purveyor is transmitted by the Navy Board to the Treasury, with a Request that a certain Quantity may be felled for their. Use; the Matter is then referred from the Treasury to the Surveyor General of the Woods; and if the Report of the Surveyor General recommends the Fall proposed, a Warrant is issued under His Majesty’s Sign Manual, and countersigned by the Lords of the Treasury, directing the Timber to be felled and delivered accordingly: Or, when it appears to the Surveyor General of the Woods, that Timber may be spared from any Forest, fit for the Navy, he represents the Matter to the Treasury, or to the Navy Board; and if there be Occasion for the Timber, a Warrant is issued in like Manner to the Surveyor General, authorizing the Fall proposed: And the Value of all the Timber supplied to the Navy from the Forests is paid

for in Navy Bills to the Surveyor General, at a stated Price of ft. 1. 18 s. per Ton or Load.

When any Work is to be done in a Forest, such as 7 F the

57°

18° Jun'

A.

1788.

the Building or Reparation of Lodges, the making or repairing Fences or Roads, or for any other Purpose,-a Petition or Memorial is presented to the Treasury, by some Officer of the Forest'where the Work is required to be done; or the Matter is I'epresented to the Treasury by the Surveyor General. In the former Cafe, the Petition or Memorial is referred from the Treasury to the Surveyor General, who returns it with his Report, and an Estimate of the Expence of the Work, and suggesting out of what Fund it may be defrayed; and limilar Directions are given to estimate and report, if the Proposal comes from the Surveyor General himself, in case an Estimate has not been sent in the first Instance. A Warrant from the Treasury is then issued to the same Surveyor General to execute the Work, if it be approved of; and to cut or fell so much Timber or Wood as will raise the Sum required, if the Expence is to be defrayed in that Manner — or Warrants are issued for paying the same out of the Rents or Fines arising from the Land Revenue. The Surveyor General fends the Warrants for performing the Work and felling the Timber, to be executed by his Deputy in the Forest, under whose Direction the previous Estimates are usually made; and those Warrants are entered in the Office of the Auditor to whom the Accounts of the Surveyor General are rendered. A separate Account is made up for each Warrant; and the Surveyor General charges himself, in his Accounts of Timber felled for the Navy, and delivered to the Dock Yards, with the Money which he receives for the Navy Bills issued to him for the Value of that Timber, after felling the Navy Bills at the Current Price, and with the Money arising by Sale of the Lops, Tops, and Bark; and in his Accounts for the Execution of any Work done by Warrant, he charges himself with the Money received for the Timber, Lops, Tops, and Bark fold, or imprested to him from Rents or Fines out of the Land Revenue, and he takes Credit for what he has expended in the Execution of the Works directed to be performed; and those Accounts are examined and stated by the Auditor, in whose Office they finally remain, after having been declared before the Chancellor of the Exchequer.

This Syltem has an Appearance of Regularity and Order; but though it may have the Eflect of keeping the Public Accounts, in those Particulars, distinct, and free from Confusion, there is nothing in the System that tends in any Degree to prevent or correct the Abuses that exist.

In the whole Course of the Business which has been described, the ancient Officers of the F’oreft are never once called upon to report an Opinion, or to act in any Manner, until the Warrant comes to the Deputy Surveyor to be executed, when it is his Duty to call upon Two of the Verderors, or Two Justices of the Peace, to fee such a Number of Trees marked to be felled as may contain by Computation as much as is required by the Warrant; but it cannot be expected that the Deputy Surveyor will be anxious for their Attendance, which could only serve as a Check on his own Proceedings, and in some Degree prevent those undue Advantages which have for many Years been too generally taken in the Execution of all Business done in the Forests.

Most of the ancient Forest Offices are become merely nominal, and are bellowed rather as Marks of Favour and Distinction, on Gentlemen of Considera-' tien in the Neighbourhood of the Forests, than as Appointments of real Life or Responsibility; and the Surveyor General and his Deputies, instead of coming in Aid of the ancient System of Management, have ingrofttd the Whole, and acquired the foie and almost uncontrolled Management of this valuable and important Part of the Public Property.

And not only is this uncontrouled Power placed in

the Surveyor General and his Deputies while they continue in Office, but no Record remains of their Proceedings when they go out, nor of the System of Management which they had pursued: Every one carries with him all the Books and Papers concerning his Official Transactions, as his private Property; and each new Surveyor begins without Direction or Pre- ,

cedent, and adopts such new Plan as suits his Fancy or Convenience.

In the Course of our Enquiry we have seen Proof, that in former Times there were in that Office many and voluminous Books and Papers, probably well worthy of being preserved, and which, at the Death or Removal of one Surveyor, were delivered over to his Successor. By what Means those Books and Papers were loft, or why the Practice of preserving and delivering over the Official Documents (which is still invariably observed in the Office of Surveyor General of the Crown Lands) ceased in that of Surveyor General of the Woods, we have not been able to discover: It is certainly much to be regretted that it ever was discontinued; for, from the great Extent of the Forests, and the confided Mixture of Property in them; from the numerous Claims of the neighbouring Inhabitants, and the Shares of the Produce un-wifely granted by the Crown, as Perquisites to hereditary as well as temporary Officers; there is no Part of the public Property so liable to Waste, Depredation, and Encroachment, or in which all the Checks and Information of Books accurately kept, and Papers or Records carefully preserved, could possibly be more useful.

We have given in the Appendix Two Examples of Appendix, n#xi,i2,

the Delivery of Official Books and Papers to Surveyors *

General of the Woods, by the Representatives of their Predecessors, with a List of all the Surveyors General since the Date of those Examples, in Hopes that if this Report Should come into the Flands of any of their Defendants, who may still have preserved those Books and Papers which once belonged to the Office, they may be influenced by the same Motives which induced Mr. Merton Pitt to fend for our Perusal the Books and Papers left by his late Father, which appear to have been collected by him with great Industry, and at no inconsiderable Expence to himself, and from which we have derived much useful Information.

We shall in the next Place give a List of the Officers of the Forest of Dean, and of the Fees, Perquisites, and Advantages which they receive; pointing out, as distinctly as we can, the Effect which those Fees, Perquisites, and Advantages, have on the Forest itself.

The present Officers of Dean Forest, according to a List made up at a Court of Swanimote, held at the Speech House in that Forest, on the 25th September 1787, and sent to us by Mr, John Mathews, Steward of that Court, and inserted in the Appendix, are — A Appendix, N* 14* Lord Warden — Six Deputy Wardens — Four Verderors — a Steward of the Swanimote Court — Nine Fo-refters in Fee, of whom One is Chief Forester and

Bow-bearer — Nine Woodwards — Regarders, there ought to be Twelve in every Forest, but at present there is not One in this Forest — Six Keepers.

There are no other Officers mentioned in the Lift received from Mr. Mathews-, and these are all who can properly be calleft Forest Officers.

But besides these there are — The Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, whose Jurisdiction extends to all the Forests; with a Deputy resident in London, and an itinerant Deputy — A Deputy Surveyor for this Forest, resident in it — A Conservator — A Gaveller — and a Watchman.

The Office of Lord Warden of the Forest of Dean, and Constable of the Castle of Saint BriaveVs within that Forest, is held by Frederick Jlugujius Earl of 5 . Berkeley,

z8 Geo.

18° jfm

57*

Appendix, Nm 16, 17, iS, 19, 20, ii, 22.

Berkeley, during His Pleasure. No Salary

is paid for the Lxercife of that Office, but an Annual Sum of jT. 11 o isiflbed.ro the Lord Warden from the Exchequer, by Quarterly Payments, for the Wages of the Conservdtor and Six Keepers; and a further Sum of 4Q per Annumis allowed for Wages of the,

out of the Relit reserved on a Leaof the Manor and Hundred of Saint Briav held by Lord Berkeley under the Crown.

The Lord Warden being Judge of the Court called The Mine Law Court, formerly held in this for the Regulation of the and for settling

putes, and trying Pleas between them, the Deputy Wardens are appointed by the Lord Warden to execute that Part of his Office; but no Mine Law Court has been held for several Years pad.

The Names of the present Deputy Wardens, and of the Verdcrors, Foreflers, and are contained in the Lilt above mentioned: Thcfc Offices are now become, as we have before ob rather honorary

than efficient; and as the Officers receive no Salaries or other Perqui fires,except Fee Deer, it is unnecessary in this Place to say any Thing concerning them, mor£ than to refer to their AnAvers to our Enquiries, which are inferred in the Appendix.

The whole Management of the in every

ticular, except the Mines and Coal, has for many Years been in the Hands of the Surveyor General, his Deputies, and the Six Under Keepers; we shall therefore be more particular in dating the Fees, Perquix fires, or Emoluments taken by them: But the Surveyor General of the Woods and Forests, having a general Superintendance and of all the Fo-

(reds. Parks, and Chaces belonging to the Crown, and the Advantages of his Office being derived from the Works done, and the Woods and Timber cut or disposed of in each of them, and those Advantages, according to our Information, varying in each Pored, we Should be liable to Error in attempting to date the

Amount of the Profits derived by that Officer from each Forcll separately; more especially as it frequently happens that the Produce of the Timber or Wood fold from One Fored is expended on another. We propose, therefore, in our Reports on the different Forests, to describe the Nature of the Emoluments

5 per Cent, out of all Monies paid or expended by Appendix, him; and

5 per Cent, on all Monies a riling from Wood Sales in this Forest. fld. for every Cord of Wood fold from the Fored on Account of the Crown. . ..

And old Materials, when so decayed as to be of no further U.fe.

The Salary, Perquisites, and Emoluments of the Appendix, N° 23 Surveyor General’s Deputy in Dean Fored, are dated by Mr. Thomas Blunt, who has held that Office since the Year 17 So,to be,

A Year lySalary of £. 50.

Besides which Salary he takes, as Perquisites,

The Tops of all Naval Timber, refused by the Purveyor of the Navy, as unfit for Naval Use.

The Tops of all dolen Timber.

All Trees felled by Wood Stealers, if found before they are cut into Kibbles, or conveyed away.

One Moiety of the Cordwood, made from the Offal Wood of Timber delivered to the Miners, and of stolen Timber.

And in some Walks of the Fored and in others 6d. for every Tree felled for the Use of the Miners.

ari/ing to the Surveyor General out of each; and in

the End, when our Enquiry into the Condition of all of rhem shall be compleated, and when the Particu- quifites: lars will be more fully before us than they are at pre-fenr, to give a General Statement of the Salaries and Advantages of the Surveyor General, and of such of On Deer, the inferior Officers in the same Department, whose Appointments relate to the Business of the Foreds generally, a Proportion only of which could, with Propriety, be dated in the Account of the Forest: of Dean:

The Deputy Surveyor, in his Examination on Oath, fays he never kept any Account of these Fees and Perquisites; but believes that he received from £.300 to £. 500 per Annum during the First. Two or Three

Years after his Appointment; but during the lad Year not mote than £. 250. This Officer, however, has other Advantages from the Fored, which will be mentioned in the subsequent Part of this Report; but the Amount of these is unknown to us, and cannot be the Subject of any Calculation.

The Six Keepers have each a Salary of 22 per Appendix, N° 24. Annum, paid by the Lord Warden, to whom it is issued in the Manner before mentioned; and each of them has a House or Lodge, with other Buildings, a Garden, and from 30 to 50 Acres of Land, edimared by them at different Values, from ao to £.40 per Annum. They also take the following Fees and Per-

for

killing

for

6d.

killing

The Perquisites and Emoluments of the Office of Surveyor General of the Woods, arising from Dean Forest, are,

20/. per Day {Sundays excepted) for Attendance and travelling Expences, during the Execution of any Work in the Forest.

An Allowance for Two Deputies in Dean Fored, at 4 s.per Day each [excepted) which is flared to be an ancient customary Allowance, and considered as a Perquisite or Addition to the Salary of the Surveyor General.

5 per Cent, or One Shilling in the Pound, charged by the Surveyor General on all Monies received by him, and allowed on passing his Accounts before the Auditor.

Besides which the Surveyor General takes or retains.

On the Herbage.

On Timber and Wood.

On every Warrant Buck, jf. 1. is.

On every Warrant

Doe, £. — 10 s.

For Cattle trespassing on the Forest in the Fence Month and Winter H»ining; viz'. — For Horses, Marcs, and Horned Cattle, 4 each } Colts, unfhod, 1 s. each j Sheep, 2d. each; Hogs, ringed,

4 d.each; and for Hogs unringed, trespalfing at any Time,

1 s. each.

On every Order for Delivery of Timber to the Miners or Colliers, 1 s.; the Moiety of all Offal Wood of Timber put for the Miners; the Moiety of all Cord-wood of stolen Timber; all Lengths or Pieces of Trespass or stolen Timber (called Kibbles); and the Bark of Timber delivered to the Miners, and of all stolen Timber found within their respective Walks.

The

A. 1788.

The Annual Amount of these Emoluments is stated by the Keepers on Oath to be as follows:

Keepers Names. Salaries. Lodge ami Land. Fees on Deer.

L* St d. £. s. d .2

Thomas Harvey — 22 — — 40 -a T) J3

William Stephens 22 — — 33 u G

*-» 3 n.

Richard Rennet 22 — — 30 *n a U rtj

John Brett — 22 30 3-1

Robert East 22 — — 30 <u w £2

Richard Bradley 22 — — to O 0 1 O £

For Cattle trespassing.

Fees on Delivery of Timber to Miners.

£ s- d.

20 ——

f cannot ^ascertain

.1

20

35 ——

i5 ——

20 — —

"O

V

3

T3

c

3

JO.

2*

C4 r*

Oils

T3 aj

w

ri

es

4J

o

55

Kibbles and Offal Wood of M ners, apd stolen Timber.

£ d.

21 17 6

f from/;. 30] 1 to £.40$

10 5 —

Bark.

jC* J.

*35 ——

30 ——

35 ——

INone for 6 Years last past,7 but for the 4 Y'1 preceding, 5 15 6 — 21 xa — J

20 IO --

14 14 —

53 ——

78 15 —

Total, including Lodge and Land.

£. S. d»

270 — - — *

133 — —

12$ — —

£ «6o ——

to

*3° — *r*

158 6 —

To render the Terms Top and Lop, Cordwood, Offal neighbouring great Cyder Country, or for the Use of

Wood, and Kibbles, intelligible to those who may not be accustomed to them, it may be proper to explain the Signification they bear in the preceding Account of the Perquisites of the Deputy Surveyor and Keepers.

The Top is that Part of the Stem or Body of the Tree, dripped of the Branches, which in Navy Timber is cut off by Direction of the Purveyor, as unfit for Naval Use; and in stolen Timber, that Part which the Thief either voluntarily leaves behind him, or has not an Opportunity of conveying aWay. It frequently happens that these Tops contain Timber fit for Carpenters or Coopers Uses, and sometimes Knees and crooked Timbers fit for small Vessels, but very rarely

Wheelwrights, the stolen Trees are usually cut in Pieces of suitable Length for those Purposes, and of convenient Weight for being conveyed away, which Pieces are called Kibbles.

The Conservator is an Officer whose Duty, by his Appendix, n* *t. own Account, is to take Care of the Lands inclosed in pursuance of the Act of 20th Charles II. and of the Woods and Underwoods there growing. The Salary of this Officer is £. 100 per Annum, which is issued from the Exchequer, through the Hands of the Lord Warden, as before mentioned, and is reduced by Fees and Taxes to £. 64. 16 j. Whacever may have been the original Purpose of this Appointment, or the Du y performed on the First Institution of it, we do not

for King’s Ships: When they are unfit for any of these find that any Advantage to the Forest has arisen from

Uses they are cut into Cordwood.

Cordwood consists of the Lop, or Boughs and Branches of Trees, cut into Pieces a little above Two Feet in Length, and generally about the Thickness of a Man’s Arm. Where the Branches happen to exceed that Thickness, they are cleft into Two or more Pieces, to reduce them to that Size, in order to be made into Charcoal. A Cord of Wood is a Pile of

Ft. In.

these Pieces, of the exact Dimensions of 8 8 long.

Ft. In. F;. In. *

4 4 high, and 2 2 thick, which last is the Length of each Piece. The common Fuel of the Country being Coal got from the Forest, the Whole of this Cordwood is made into Charcoal in the Forest, for the Use of the Iron furnaces, Forges, and Manufactories, of which there are many in the Neighbourhood.

Lop, Crop, and Offal Wood, mean the same Thing, viz*, the Boughs and Branches of Trees, and are all made into Cordwood 5 but the Cordwood of Naval Timber is made from the whole Lops or Branches of Navy Trees; and that arising from Miners, and stolen Timber, only from the Boughs and Branches left by the Colliers or Timber Stealers; and the Wood so left is termed Offal Wood.

Mod of the Timber stolen from the Forest being intended cither for making Casks for supplying the

it of late Years. When any new Inclosures have been made, additional Salaries have been paid to the Keepers or others, to take Care of them. In the Course of Twenty-six Years no less a Sum than ^.723. 10 s.has been expended in this Manner, of Appendix, N’J4< which £.688. ior. has been paid to the Keepers, in

Addition to their ordinary Salaries, and yet the Fences of most of the Modern Inclosures were destroyed in a very short Time after they were made; and the Materials differed to be carried away publicly by the Appendix, N' 39. Country People in Carts and Waggons.

The Duty of the Gaveller, or, as he is called in his Appendix, N* *$. Patent, " Keeper of the Gawles within the Forest of " Dean," is to preserve the Rights of the Crown in the Mines within the Forest, and to collect the King’s Share of the Iron Ore and Coal, or the Compofirions paid by the Miners or Colliers in lieu of that Share.

From the Extracts of Grants and other Documents stated in the former Part of this Report, we trust it will appear that the Crown has the l'ole Property of the Mines. The Gaveller Hates the Crown’s Share of the Produce to be One Fifth Part of the Ore and Coal, or a Right to put a Sixth Man into every Pit or Work, and to receive a proportionable Share of the Produce, free from all F.xpence; and that these Dues were formerly taken in Kind, but that for many Years past the Colliers have paid an Annual Relit, or Compofuion x in

28 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

573

Appendix, N* 16.

£-i7>7°6* Appendix, N° *3.

Appendix, N° 27.

t» dm

£' *7*7*5 S £.28,037 15 x

£.32211 3

: -r 1 5 1

£-41.339 t- S

£ 13.^19 13 7

£*7.396 *S 5

Appendix, N° *8, *y. and 30.

- 1. d.

fc* 39»*i4 15 3

£5.068 1

32,

in Money, for the Pit or Pits worked by each Com- that the Sum expended on the different Works car-pany of Miners, and a Fee of 55. to the Gaveller on ried on under the Direction of the Surveyor General galcing or setting out Ground to begin a new Work, of the Woods, in 26 Years, from 1761 to 1786 in-There are no regular Works now carried on in the elusive, is equal to the Whole that arose, during the Forest for raising Iron Ore, and only about Twenty- same Period, from the Produce of all the Woods, Fo-two poor Men, who, when they have no other Work to rests, and Parks, and £. 144,882. 16 7 more. Ap'tn^xf n*

do, employ themselves in getting Ore in the old Holes The Abstracts which we have given, in the Apperi- App-ndi*, n

or Pits worked out some Years pall. By an Account dix, of the Accounts of Wood Sales, and of Timber 3j» j+

of the Coal Works in the Forest, made out in Augujlfupplied for the Navy, from Forest, shew what

last, there were then Ninety Pits actually in Working, Kind of Works have been carried on to occasion such which produced about 1,816 Tons of Coaler Week, Part of that Expenditure as is applicable to this Fo-

of various Sorts. About One Half of that Quantity rest. By far the most considerable Article is for mak-

ing and repairing Roads, on which no less a Sum than £.11,631. 3J. has been laid out; and yet it ap- £. %.

pears, from the Evidence of the Deputy Surveyor, Appmdix, N1 and others, <( That the greatest Part of those Roads *nJ 39are not only useless, but disadvantageous to the " Forest."

The next Article in Amount is the Expence of Inclosures, on which, during the same Time, about

is House Coal, and the other Half Smith’s Coal, and Lime Coal for Manure. The Average Price being about 3 s. 3^> per Ton at the Pit, the Value of all the

Coal raised in the Forest, according to that Weekly Quantity, is about £. 17,706 per Annum. The Timber of all Kinds delivered to the Miners for their Works, has of late Years been from 1,000 to 1,500 Loads Annually; of which the Deputy Surveyor states

1,000 Loads to have been Oak Timber, and One £.4,730. has been laid out. With this Mo- £.4,7:0.

Fifth Part of that Quantity fit for the Use of the Navy. The Annual Compositions paid by the Colliers amount at present to about £.220 and the Whole of those Compositions are allowed to be retained by the Gaveller, in lieu of a Salary.

The Place of Watchman of the Forest was instituted a few Years since, on the Recommendation of the late Surveyor General, Mr. Pitt. His Annual Salary is £. 10, with a Dwelling House, and a small Quantity

ney it appears, from what has been stated, that about 4,000 Acres have been inclosed; but of all those Inclosures there remain now only Three, containing 323 Acres, of which the Fences are in tolerable Repair. It appears, by the Evidence of the same Deputy, that on all those Works which are paid for by the Sale of Wood or Timber, the Surveyor General has Three different Poundages, amounting together to 15 per Cent. There are many Objections to the Payment of

of Land; and his Perquisites arise from the Fines and any Officer by a Poundage; but in no Instance what-

Rewards on Conviction of Timber Stealers, of which he receives a Share in common with others concerned with him in detecting and convicting Offenders.

The Accounts of the late Surveyor General of the Woods not being all passed before the Auditor, we have it not yet in our Power to state the Application of the Whole of the Money which has arisen from the Produce of this Forest. We are however enabled to state, from the Accounts which have been passed or delivered into the Auditor’s Office, that the Amount of the Wood Sales in this Forest, from the Commencement of Flis Majesty’s Reign to the End of the Year 1786, has been£.27,715. js. ;and the Aggregate of the Disbursements stated in the Accounts of Wood Sales is £.28,037. 15J. So that the Surveyor General appears to be in Surplus on these Accounts the Sum of £.322. in That the

Quantity of Timber supplied from this Forest to the Dock Yards, during the same Period, has been 671 Loads': That the Sums received for that Timber, and for the Cordwood and Bark arising from it, have amounted to £.41,339. or.; and the Disbursements charged in the Accounts of the Naval Timber to £.13,619. 135.7//.: The general Balance on these Two Accounts is therefore £. 27,396. 155. 5 But that Balance must not be considered as a clear Sum to be paid into the Exchequer; we know, from the Information of the same Surveyor General, that the Whole is expended in this, or some other Forest or Park. His Expressions, in a Letter dated 5th Fe-Iruary 1783, to Mefirs. Call and who were

then engaged in an Enquiry concerning the Forests, are, <c There has not any Revenue arisen from the King’s Woods and Forests, the Repairs and Works ft in several Forests and Parks having always amounted " to so large a Sum as to require a Supply of Money " from His Majesty’s Land Revenue." And on Re-

ever can this Mode of Payment be more obvioufiy injudicious and objectionable, than in that of the Surveyor of the Woods, to whom every Proposal for any Work to be done in the Parks and Forests is referred, as well as the Estimate of the Expence attending it, and to whom the Execution of those Works, upon the Estimates so formed, is afterwards solely intrusted.

But the Gratuities and Perquisites which have been taken by the Deputy Surveyor re/ident.in the Forest, and the Advantages which, in Consequence of those Gratuities, he has suffered others to take, have been far more destructive in their Effects. We have already enumerated such of them as are taken openly, and are avowed to be Perquisites of Office; we shall now mention some other Advantages enjoyed by that Officer. The present Deputy Surveyor states, " That Appendix, N° *j. " after having been Two Years in Office, he made an Alteration in the Measurement of Timber, very " much for the Advantage of the Public, and by " which a great Quantity was Annually saved."

What he fays on this Subject, in his Examination on Oath, is more fully explained in the Answer which he returned to our First Enquiries concerning his Emoluments: — " On my first coming into Office (he fays)

" I adopted the Plan of my Predecessor in the Sale of " Timber, that is, I received such Fees or Presents " as the several Purchasers thought proper to give " me; and consequently allowed them, in Measurement of Timber or Bark, sufficient to compensate them for their Favours; in the Measurement of " Naval Timber I like wife received considerable Presents. — The present Regulations in the Delivery of " the Naval Timber now save to the Crown at least " One thousand Loads Annually. I stated to Mr.

Pitt, on my first settling my Accounts, after being " about Two Years in Office, every Abuse in my Department; since which Time I have never re-

ference to the Auditor, and the Surveyor General of " ceived any Fee or Present whatever for the Sale

the Crown Lands, to be informed what those Sums paid to the Surveyor General of the Woods have amounted to, within the Period for which that Statement is given, we find the Total in that Time, paid out of Fines of Leases and Rents of Crown Lands, to be £.139,814. 15 s. 3d.besides £.5,068. for

Timber felled or fold from the demised Estates; so Vol. XUII.

" of Timber, Bark, or Cordwood, otherwise than 3d. " per Cord for Naval Wood."

The Quantity of Timber fold in the Forest is about equal to, or indeed rather exceeds, that which, in the same Period, has been furnished to the Dock Yards; and as there was the same Temptation, and the same Opportunity if the same Advantages were taken or 1 n G . allowed

574 18° Junii. ^.1788.

allowed in the Measurement of what was fold, as there " tain Number of Trees in each Lot j that Sales by was in the other, we must in that same suppose the " private Contrail were not at all advertised, but the whole Waste to have been no less than 2,000 Loads " Timber so contracted for was measured and sold by Annually; and it will be observed, from the State- " the Load, and on such Sales, until the Yfcar 1782, ments before mentioned, that on the Average of 26 " he in general received from the respective Pur-

Years, only 671 Loads have. One Year with another, " chafers certain Presents or Gratuities, but at no been delivered to the Navy. " fixed Rate or Price per Load; that since that Time

The Deputy Surveyor fays in his Examination, " he hath received no Present or Gratuity for the That the Fee he received for the Advantages so al- " Admeasurement of Timber, but such Admcafurelowed in the Measurement, was no more than One " ment hath been true, just, and fair, to the belt of " Shilling per Ton, and that all other Benefit from " his Recollection and Belief." It can hardly be nethis Mode of Admeasurement was solely enjoyed by cessary to make any Comment whatever on this Part " the Contractor; except on One Occasion, when an of the Management of the Forest: However laudable " uncommon Advantage had arisen to the Contractor, it was in the present Deputy Surveyor to make known " he received from him an additional Sum of £. 50thofe concealed Advantages to his Superior, and to and he adds, " That conceiving this Practice to be a fqrego those Profits which his Predecessor had taken,

" growing Evil, he acquainted the then Surveyor yet the System which can admit of such Abuses cer- General, Mr. Pitt, therewith, who expressed his tainly requires Reformation. The very general and " Disapprobation thereof; and he has not, to the bell cursory View taken by the Justices (the Deputy Surof his Recollection, received any Fee or Present veyor having himself the Choice of the Person to af- whatsoever, on Timber felled for the Use of the lift him in computing the Quantity of Timber in the i?8i. Navy, since that Time." Trees to be felled) the short Notice given by Adver-

These Abuses in the Measurement of Timber, tisement of a Safe, the Ignorance of the Keepers, and which have had such destructive Effects on the Pro- their Dependance on the Deputy Surveyor for the perty of the Crown in this Forest, would probably Advantages they are allowed to take, must effectually have been prevented, if the Provisions of the Act 20th prevent any Check on his Conduct, or any Compe- -Charles II. had been duly carried into Execution, tition at a Sale; but it is necessary to observe, that That Act directed, that when any Timber was to be the Deputy Surveyor, after his Appointment to that felled, the same should be marked by Two Justices of Office, b'ecame himself a Dealer in Timber, and has the Peace, and certified to the Treasury, with the at this Time a Contract with the Navy Board for sup-Names of the Places where Handing, and the Number plying the Dock Yards with a certain Quantity on his of the Trees; and none to be cut before such View own Account; that he has purchased great Quantities and Certificate, under a Penalty of £. 20: Instead of of what has lately been fold in the Forest; and that in which, the Deputy Surveyor fays, " that no Justice of One Sale in 1786, made in Consequence of a Warrant 17*s. "'Peace was ever present at the Time the Timber for railing 2,000 towards building a Gaol at Glou- £.1,000.

" was marked for the Use of the Navy, but previous cester, the Execution of which Warrant was solely into the felling thereof it was viewed by Two Juf- trusted to him, he admits, that of 1,698 Trees, the Appendix, N* j$ " tices, who took a general View, by riding through Number fold on that Occasion, 100 were bought by " the Walk in which the Trees were marked, and himself, and 1,087 by an Agent employed to purchase " afterwards certified the Number of Trees marked for his Use. It should also be observed, that no less ft to be felled." This cursory View, it is obvious, than 977 Trees were comprized in One of the Lots could be no Check on the Proceedings of the Persons purchased for the Deputy Surveyor; and that the , concerned in the Felling or Measurement of the Whole of these Trees were fold Handing, so that Pur-Timber; and Mr. Edwin, Chief Forester and Bow- chafers could have little Opportunity of judging of ipendix, N* «. bearer, fays, " That, as One of the Justices of Peace, the Value of what was offered to Sale; nor could " he hath heretofore frequently attended the Marking the re be any effectual Check on the Purchaser, as to " of Timber directed to be felled as aforesaid, and on the Number of Trees taken down, more especially in " such Occasions always objected to the Marking of the Lots bought by the Deputy Surveyor. He has " Timber in an improving State; but his Objections also another Contract for conveying to the Dock " being often over-ruled, and at length wholly difre- Yards all the Timber felled for the Navy in this Fogarded by the Deputy Surveyor and Keepers, he rest, at a certain Rate Load; from which Circumdiscontinued such Attendance, as he found it of no stance it is obviously for his Advantage to cut the,

" Use to attempt the Correction of an Abuse which Trees nearest to the Place where the Timber is ship-" it was not in his Power to prevent." He also fays, ped, whatever Effect it may have on the Forest. Taking " That by such Abuses, and the general Waste, Spoil, all these Circumstances together, it must be obvious " and Destruction, the Wood and Timber within the that this is a Situation so liable to Temptation, and " Forest lessens very much in Quantity every Year." affording such Opportunities of taking undue Advan-But these are not the only Advantages enjoyed by tages, as no Officer whatever Should be placed in, the Deputy Surveyor, nor the only Abuses in that however much disposed to do his Duty.

Department: In the same of Wood Sales (he fays) The next Source of Waste and Abuse that we shall " In order to judge of the computed Quantity of take Notice of, is that of the Delivery of Timber to " Timber in the Trees marked to be felled, he always the Miners and Colliers, for the Use of their Mines " took with him a Person whom he thought of com- and Coal Works; and this is the more necessary to be " petent Knowledge as to the Quantity of Timber in attended to, because they pretend to claim a preferipa growing Tree, and with his Assistance made the tive Right, not only to work the Mines and Coal " Computation; and the Trees were marked by the Pits, when opened, but to be supplied with Timber " Keeper, and viewed by the Justices, before they for their Works. Instead of using Arguments against were felled, in like Manner as the Timber felled this Claim, or stating our Opinion on a Question " for the Use of the Navy: That Sales by public which may come before a Court of Law, we have Auction were advertised in the Gloucester Paper judged it proper to bring into View such Extracts " only, on the Monday preceding the Day of Sale; from the Grants and other Documents which we have " and for the Information of Persons wishing to be- met with in the Course of our Enquiry, as may enable come Purchasers they were, by such Advertisements, the Legislature to form some Judgment of this Claim,

*< referred to the Keeper or Keepers, who marked the and of the Propriety of making such an Arrangement

« Trees; and the Timber, when sold by public Auc- with the Colliers and Miners as we shall venture to tien, was put up to Sale in distinct Lots, of a cer- suggest; but in this Part of our Report we mean only

Appendix, Ne 36.

28 Geo. III. r8° Junii.

575

to point out the Advantages which the different Officers of the Forest derive from this Waste of Timber, and to explain the Division made between them and the Colliers and Miners of the Trees cut for this Pur-, pose. The Colliers and Miners themselves admit that the Consent of the Officer of the Crown, called the Gaveller, is necessary, before they can break the King’s Soil, in his Demesne Lands, or begin to dig for Ore or Coal, where they are the Property of the Crown. When, therefore, a Collier or Miner proposes to open a new Work in the Forest, he applies to the Gaveller for his Permission; for which, as we have before observed, he pays a Fee of 5 s. and he enters, at the same Time, into an Agreement with the Gaveller, to pay a certain Sum Annually, in Proportion to the Number of Men he is to employ in such Works, as a Composition for the Share of the Coal or Ore due to the Crown, which was formerly taken in Kind. Having paid the Gaveller his Fee, made an Agreement for the Annual Composition, and obtained his Permission to begin the Work, he applies to the Keeper of the Walk, and represents to him the Occasion he has for Timber for the Work he proposes to carry on; which the Keeper certifies to the Clerk of the Swanimotc Court; and upon receiving that Certificate, with a Fee of One Shilling, the Clerk gives a Warrant to the Collier for delivering the Timber required, but without specifying any Quantity or Number of Trees: This Warrant the Collier carries back to the Keeper, who, with the Deputy Surveyor, or his Agent, mark such Trees as they think proper for the Purpose. — No Verderor or Justice of the Peace ever attends on such Occasions j and even the Ap-earance of their viewing the Trees is not thought to e necessary. The Keeper receives a Fee of 1 s. on every Warrant j and the Trees being then cut down arc divided in the following MannerThe Miner has the Body of the Tree; the Deputy Surveyor One Half of the Cordwood, and or 6d. for every Tree felled { The Keeper gets the other Half of the Cord-wood, together with the Bark; and if the Collier be detected in misapplying the Timber, the Keeper seizes it for his own Benefit. In sinking a Pit, Oak Timber is deemed necessary; for other Uses within the Pits it is admitted that other Wood may answerj bur, as the Bark is now one of the Perquisites of the Keeper, and as the Bark of no Tree, except the Oak, is of any Value for Sale, it is not surprizing that though formerly only a few Beech or Orle Trees were given to the Colliers and Miners, they now get chiefly Oak, especially in the Spring and Summer , and, as the Deputy Surveyor and Keepers receive so great a Share of the Value of the Tree, it cannot be Matter of Wonder that the Colliers are most liberally supplied.

It appears from the Evidence of several of those who have been examined, that at least 1,000 Loads of Oak Timber have been, One Year with another, delivered to the Colliers j and as the Country improves, and the Demand for Coal increases, unless the System of Management shall be altered in this Particular, and a Stop put to this profuse Disposition of the Timber, at present left to the Direction of those who derive a Profit from it in Proportion to the Waste, the Property of the Coal and Ore, instead of producing a Revenue, as it formerly did, and ought now to do, will in a very few Years occasion the Consumption of all the remaining Timber, and compleat the Destruction of the Forest.

The Timber stolen in the Forest has been another Source of considerable Emolument to the Officers, which wc shall also endeavour to explain: The Wood Stealer generally fells the Tree in the Night Time, cuts off the Top, Boughs, and Branches, which being of little Value to him, are always left; he then, if not disturbed, divides the Body of the Tree into Pieces of convenient Weight for being conveyed away, and of

suitable Length for the Use of Coopers or Wheelwrights, which Pieces are there called Kibbles.

Thefts of Timber in this Forest became so frequent, and the Thieves £t length so desperate and daring, according to the Representation of the Deputy Surveyor, as to bid Defiance to him and the other refid- ' ing Officers; and in the Years 1779, 1780, 81, and 85, the Circumstances were represented to the Trea- Appendix, N* 37. fury by the late Surveyor General, and Authority was given to him to offer different Rewards for the Detection of Offenders, from £. 5 to £. 50 each, to be paid on Conviction. Many such Premiums or Rewards have been paid to the Keepers, and other Officers of the Forest, who have always been the Disco- . verers of the Wood Stealers; and various Fines have been imposed and levied on the Offenders, which have also been given to the Informers. In this Situation a very distinct Arrangement has been made among the Officers for the Distribution of the Advantages arising from this Source:

ift. The Top of the Tree, with the Boughs and Branches, being always left behind, are thus divided: The Deputy Surveyor takes the Top, with One Half of the Cordwood; the Keepers take the other Half of the Cordwood, and the Bark.

idly. If the Tree be found -whole, after it is cut down, the Body of it becomes the Perquisite of the Deputy Surveyor.

3dly. If it be found cut into Kibbles, it becomes in that State the Perquisite of the Keepers; and in both these Cafes the Top, Cordwood, and Bark, arc distributed as before.

4thly. The Rewards for detecting and convicting Offenders, which are paid by the Deputy Surveyor out of Wood Sales, and also the Fines imposed by the Justices, are given to the Informers, who are always the Resident Officers of the Forest, and their Assistants. The Amount of the Rewards paid since the Appendix, n» 34-Year 1780, together with the Expences of Profecu-tien, is £. 647. 15/. 7 d.We have not been able to obtain a compleat Account of the Fines levied on Offenders, but those which we have an Account of amount to £. 57a. os. 6d. for Seven Years, ending Appendix, n» 3*. at Michaelmas 1787.

Wc have already stated the Expence of the Roads, during Twenty-six Years, from 1761 to 1786, to have been about £.11,631. js. \od.-, and the System of £.11,631. 3. 10. Management adopted for this important Part of the Expenditure will be belt explained by a Reference to the Deputy’s Examination; in which he fays, " That Appendix, n»34. " the Roads which have been made and repaired in the Forest since his Appointment, have, in general,

" been done by Persons immediately employed by himself, an Estimate having been first made by Two " Persons appointed by him to measure and value the tc Works intended to be done; which, if approved of " by the Surveyor General, the Work was then undertaken by him (the Deputy) at the Rate or Price " fixed on by such Two Persons j and the Works,

" when compleated, were surveyed by Two Justices " of the Peace, who certified the same to be executed " agreeable to the Contract."

In this System it is obvious that there is nothing which bears even the Appearance of any Check on the Conduct of the Deputy Surveyor, excepting the View or Survey of the Two Justices of the Peace, who certify only, " that the Work is executed agreeable to " the Contract," but to whom no Reference is made as to the Reasonableness of the Terms. — A striking Example of the Advantages which the Officers redding in the Forest have in the Execution of such Works appears from the Information of Charles Edwin, Esquire, before mentioned, who having been called upon, as a Justice of Peace, to view some Roads which had bc?n made in the Surveyorship of the

7<S

the late Sir Edmund Thomas, and which, in the usual Form, he certified to be executed agreeable to the Appendix, N° n. Contract, he fays, " That having enquired of the " Labourers working on the Road what Price they were allowed, they informed him, that they were " paid after the Rate of 18 Yard; and know-l ing that jj. per Yard was charged to Government " for the same Works, he questioned Mr. Jo/efh " Mabbot, the then Deputy Surveyor, who admitted the Fad."

On the Subject of the Inclosures in the Forest, the Deputy Surveyor states, in his Examination, that " he " hath also made and repaired the Fences in the Fo- rest, and employed Labourers, either by Contract <c or Day Work, in those Bufinefies; and that when " the Works were compleated, a Receipt was taken " for the total Amount of the Monies, either from " the Contrador or some One of the Workmen,

" which was a Voucher for the Allowance thereof to " the Examinant, in his Accounts with the Surveyor " General." To this Account given by the Deputy Surveyor of the making and repairing the Inclosures,

£ *,710. i. *. on which £.4,730. is. has been expended. We

shall subjoin what is said by our Surveyors, in their Appendix, n«+i. Report of the present State of the Inclosures in this Forest.

Acres. R. P.

" The Great Indojure, which contained 743 o 25,

" was begun to be made about Twelve Years ago,

" with Posts and Rails; but before the Whole was compleated, a great Part was taken away, and no-< thing now remains but the Bank. There are no young Trees of any Kind.

" Stonedge Inclosure was made about Twelve Years

Acres. R. P.

" ago; it contained 125 1 10, and was fenced with " a dry Stone Wall, which is for the most Part destroyed. There is a great many Thorns and Hollies, with some very fine large Oaks, but no young Timber of any Kind coming up.

Acres. R. P.

" Coverham Indojure, which contained 350 2 34, was made about Fifteen Years ago, Part with dry " Stone Wall, and Part Posts and Rails. Nothing " now remains of this Inclosure but the Bank; notwithstanding which there is a great Quantity of " young Timber, for the most Part Beech, with a few " Oaks.

Acres. R. P.

" The Perch Indojure contained 198 2 26, and was

" also made about Fifteen Years ago. Part with dry " Stone Wall, and Part Posts and Rails. Nothing " but the Bank now remains. There was a great " Quantity of young Timber, particularly Beech, in " this Inclosure, which is nearly all destroyed, in consequence of the Fences being pulled down.

" Serridge I>; cl Jure was made about Twelve Years

Acres. R. P.

<c ago; it contained 409 3 20, and was fenced with u a dry Stone Wall, of which but little remains, be-<c ing quite open in many Parts 5 there are no young Trees of any Sort, and but few old Trees.

Acres. R. P.

<c Heywood Inclosure contained 715 3 jS9 and was €t made about Ten Years ago, Part with a dry Stone (( Wall, and Part Pales — very few Traces of which tl now remain, and in some Parts none at all: We *f have been informed that great Part of the Wall was €C pulled down, or fell, before the Whole was com* €t pleated, and the Pales carried away by Waggons, €C &c. soon after they were put up; and from its pre-<c sent Appearance it is evident no Advantage has " been derived from this Inclosure, as there are no* €t young Trees in any Part of it,

€i The Three following Inclosures, containing to-

Acres. R. P.

*« gtther 323 1 33, arc all that remain inclosed, and

17 88.

in good Repair, except the Buckhol Indojure after-mentioned.

Acres. R. P.

" Stapleage Indojure,containing 183 x 3, has been

" made about Five Years, Part with dry Stone Wall,

" and Part dead Hedge — in general in good Repair:

"In some Parts of it there are some small Oak and " Beech Plants, and also a few large Oaks and " Beeches.

Acres. R. P(.

" Speech House Indojure, containing 5 o 6, was " made about Four Years ago, by the Deputy Sur-" veyor, and planted with Acorns, which have prodated some young Oaks.

Acres. R. P.

t(Birch Wood Indojure, containing 135 o 24, has

" been made about Five Years, Part with dead " Hedge, and Part dry Stone Wall, which in general is in good Repair. There are but few young Oaks " coming up.

Acres. R, P.

" Buckholt Indojure,which contains 352 3 20, has

" been made about Eighty Years; the greatest Part *

" with a Stone Wall, the rest Hedge and Ditch. The " Fences of this Inclosure have of late Years been " kept'in good Repair. There are some very fine " large Oaks in it j but in general it contains a great " Quantity of fine young Beech. There are also " some Oak Trees of about Ten or Fifteen Years " Growth, and young Oaks are coming up from " Acorns which have been set in vacant Places. A " few Weymouth Pines have also been planted in this " Inclosure, which grow very well."

A similar Account is given on Oath by Miles Hart- Appendix, n« jj. land, Assistant to the Deputy Surveyor, of the flourishing State of the Buckholt Indojure, and the Condition of the Three small Inclosures lately made. And with respect to the Six Inclosures first mentioned, he fays,

" The Fences of most of them were destroyed soon " after they were made, and such Parts of them as " conlifted of Pales, Posts, and Rails, were carried " away publicly by the Country People, in Carts and " Waggons j they have not since been repaired; and he believes that none of them have contributed in any Degree to the.Increase of Timber, or Advantage of the Forest."

We shall also insert the Observations of our Surveyors on the present State of the Timber in this Forest $ premising only that a particular Survey of it having been made in the Year 1764, and another in the Year 1783, and both those Surveys reported to the House of Commons, as we have already noticed, we did not think it necessary to incur the additional Expence of having a very minute Survey of the Timber made on this Occasion. The Surveyors say:

" Not having been instructed to make a particular " Survey of the Timber now growing upon the Fo-" rest, we have only taken it by general Observation,

" and have computed it to be as follows; 24,000

" Oak Trees, which will measure upon an Average " One Load and a Quarter each. Girt Measure, and " 22,000 Oak Trees, which will measure upon an " Average Half a Load each: This Calculation is " exclusive of unfound Trees, of which there are " many: There is also a considerable Number of " fine large Beech, as well as young growing Trees,

" in several Parts of the Forest. The principal Stock " of young Timber, from which any Expectation can " be formed at present, is in the Lea Bally and Lining " Woods, which in general are well stocked, and " would produce a considerable Quantity of fine " Timber, if properly fenced, and protected from the " Depredations of Plunderers.

" We have examined the Survey of the Timber " made in 1783, and compared it with our own Observations; and we shall only fav, upon the Subject

§ "of

18° Junii.

fc

cc

28 Geo. III.

18° Jurlti.

177

«« of that Survey, that if it was accurately and justly den, and Hereditary Woodward of this Forest, who,

taken at the Time, an immense Quantity of Timber in his Answer to our Precept, fays, " There have been, Append;*, " mud have been, in one Way or other, taken down " for a vast Number of Years, innumerable En-'

in the Forest since that Period.". " croachments made upon the Forest, which'are still

We have already observed, that in Consequence of " increasing; and that great Spoil, Waste, and De-the Act of 20th Charles II. 11,000 Acres were in- " struction have been committed of the Wood and

closed } and, by the Provisions of that Act, the same Number of Acres were to be kept inclosed at all Times, for the Growth of Timber only j no Cattle of any Kind were to be admitted into the Inclosures, and in the uninclosed Waste, the Cattle only of those who have Right of Common j and even their Cattle were not to be admitted during the Fence Month, and Time of Winter Haining.

These Provisions were well contrived for the Preservation of the Timber and of the Deer j and the Keepers, to whom the Care of the Forest in these Particulars was intrusted, had an additional Allowance of a House and Thirty Acres of Land to each of them, 4< for the better Encouragement and enabling of them " to attend, and watch over the said Inclosures, with-ft in their respective Walks, and to preserve the young ,c Springs of Wood and Trees therein growing and <c to grow, from Time to Time, from Spoil and " Harm."

But these Limitations and Restrictions of the Use of the Herbage, instead of promoting the Objects for which they were designed, have for many Years past answered no other Purpose than to increase the Profits of the Keepers. Trespasses on the Forest, during the Fence Month and Winter Haining, being punishable by Fines, the Keepers have very ingeniously turned the Whole to their own Advantage j they have

c< Timber in the Forest, is manifest to every Person " who has had the least Knowledge of it, as the " greatest Part of the fine Timber, this Forest has been " so famous for, has been cut down, and the large and extensive Trad of Land, formerly covered with the noblest of Timber, is now become a barren Waste " and Heath. How. this has been from Time to " Time effected, I do not presume to assert, but the *f Fad of disafforesting is too melancholy a Truth to " be denied. With regard to Abuses in the Forest*

I think too many cxift 5 but as the Timber and tc Deer are almost all destroyed, which were formerly " the Ornament and Pleasure of the Forest, to set " about remedying the Abuses when all the Injury is " done, seems to me to be of little or no Consequence."

The great Want of Information, from Official Books, Papers, and Documents, during the present Century, has made it impossible to ascertain at what Time, or under what Administration, the present Abuses were first introduced 5 but it is not to be supposed that a System of Management so absurd and ruinous was the Contrivance of any Administration. Errors and Abuses have, without Observation, crept gradually into Practice; and all that can be justly imputed to Government is the having so long differed them to prevail, without that Kind of Check or En-

allowed the Inclosures to go to Ruin, by which the quiry which could lead to an effectual Remedy* nei-

Extent of the Pasturage for Cattle nearly doubled; they admit all Cattle into the Forest, without knowing or enquiring whether they belong to Commoners or not; and drive the Forest Four or Five Times'during the forbidden Seasons, impounding the Cattle, and taking at each Driving the Fines before specified.

In Consequence of the general Relaxation in the Management of the Forest, which has prevailed during the greater Part of the present Century, other very destructive Effcds have ensued: Many Encroachments have been made, which it may not be easy to reclaim; and though, when Sir Robert At

ther must it be understood that such destructive Practices have been introduced by those who now hold, or have lately held, Offices in this Forest: Many of them we know to be of an older Date, and the late or present Officers have, perhaps, only continued to take those Advantages which were received by their Predecessors,

Under such Circumstances, where so many were doing the same Thing, and where Government interposed no Check, it was not to be expected that the Temptation would be refilled, or that the resident Officers of the Forest would point out the true Causes of kins’s History was written, there was not One Cottage the Devastation from which their Advantages arose.

in the Forest, there are now, by the Report of our Surveyors, no less than 589 Cottages, and 1,798 Patches or small Inclosures of Land, containing 1,385 Acres, encroached from the Forest and, from the Want of Presentment of those Offences at the Forest Courts, the regular Holding of which has been long discontinued (no Court of Attachment having been heldfor many Years, and the Court of Swanimotc only Once in each Year, on' the 25th of,

when it seems to be held merely for the Sake of Form) it may now perhaps be found very difficult to ascertain the Time when some of the Cottages were builr, or the Inclosures made.

In almost every Forest belonging to the Crown, as well as in this, we have found Circumstances to Iheftr the Necessity there was for such an Enquiry as that in which we have been employed j and have seen many strong Proofs that the Public has suffered by its having been so long delayed.

PART IIId.

Having given such Extrads of ancient Grants from the Crown, and such Instances of the Exercise of Ownership, as weffiave thought necessary to enable the

It is obvious that the different Fees, Perquisites, Legislature to judge what Rights the Crown is pof-

and Emoluments, which we have enumerated, are so many Premiums for the Encouragement of Waste in the Felling, Measurement, and Sale of the Timber, of Extravagance in the Expenditure of the Produce, and of Profusion in the Delivery of Timber to the Miners, while they tend to the Destruction of the Inclosures, and the Prevention of the Growth of Wood in Succession; and the Neglect of the Officers adds Force, on the Ground of Prescription, to the Claims of those who work the Mines, or have made Encroachments; nor can it be Matter of Wonder if all these Circumstances have had their full Effect in the general Devastation of the Forest; which cannot be more

sessed of in this Forest; having given Examples of the Waste and Destruction committed during the Grant to Sir John Wintour; and shewn, from the Care and Attention of Parliament to put a Stop to those Abuses, and re-purchase that Grant, of what great National Importance our Ancestors considered this Forest; having dated the salutary Provisions fug-gefted by the Country, and adopted by Parliament, in the Ad made for restoring it as a Nursery for Timber; the careful Execution of those Provisions for about Forty Years after passing that Ad, and the beneficial Effects which resulted from them; having given the fulled Account in our Power of the Abuses since introduced; and, having explained the present

emphatically described than in the Words of the late Maynard Colchester% Esquire, Verdcror, Deputy War- Condition of this Forest, and pointed out the Defects Vol. XLIII. 7 H ia

Acre*. R. ii|84S» a.

in the System of Management; — it remains for us now to suggest such a Plan as we think should be adopted, to prevent similar Abuses in future, and to render this Forest of the greatest Value it is capable of to the State.

It appears from the Act 20th Charles II. that n,oooo Acres of the Forest are for ever fee apart as a Nursery for Timber, freed and discharged from all Rights of Common, and other Rights whatever. Thole 11,000 Acres should be at all Times kept inclosed; and, as there is no Mixture of Property in this Portion of the Forest, it can be the Subject of no Division. The Quantity of 11,000 Acres, therefore, is to be de-dufted from the whole Quantity in the Forest, being

Acres. R. P. '

33,888 2 9, including Abbots Wood before mentioned.

p. In the remaining Quantity of 12,888 Acres the 9’ Crown has different Interests; it has the Property of the Soil, and of all the Wood and Timber, in the Quantity of 10,816 Acres, with a Power to inclose any Fart thereof for the Growth of Timber, on throwing 'Open an equal Quantity of the 11,000 Acres first inclosed: In Abbots Wood, containing 872 Acres, the Herbage and the Mines are reserved to the Crown; and in a detached Part of the Forest called containing 1,205 Acres, Act of 20th Charles II. has reserved to the Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint Briavel’s " their lawful Rights and Privileges for the taking, cutting, and enjoying the Wood growing " thereon."

The Herbage only of the 12,888 Acres remaining uninclosed, and on which the neighbouring Parishes have Right of Common, can be considered as the Subject of any Division or Arrangement.

In this Quantity the Crown has, by the Act of Parliament before mentioned, a Right to keep at all Times 800 Deer.

The Parishes which are entitled tlo Common in the Forest have a Right to fend their Commonable Cattle into this Part of it only from the 4th May to the 20th June, and again from the 20th July to 22d November (New Stile) being somewhat less than Six Months in the Year: The Fence Month and Winter Haining fill up the Remainder of the Year, during which no Animal except Deer ought to abide in the Forest.

The Crown may grant Leases, in the uninclosed Part of the Forest only, of Mines of Ore or Coal, for Terms not exceeding 31 Years; but no such Lease now exists, or has been granted during the present Century.

The Forest Officers have a Right to certain Fee Deer.

And these are the only clear and undisputed Rights in the Forest.

But besides these Rights, admitted and ascertained by the Act 20th Charles II. the Free Miners claim a Right not only to dig for Ore or Coal, with the Consent of the Gavellar, but to be supplied with Wood and Timber for their Works, in the Manner that has been explained.

And there are, in the different Parts of the Forest, no less than 589 Cottages, containing about 2,000 People, and 1,798 small Inclosures, amounting to 1,385 Acres, belonging to the Forest, but in the Possession of those Cottagers.

Lord Gage has made a Claim to the Bark of all Trees cut in the Bailiwicks of Staunton and Bicknor, as Woodward in Fee of those Bailiwicks; but that Claim being, in our humble Opinion, inconsistent with the Terms of the Act of the 20th Charles II. and with the Proposals on which that Act was founded, which were signed by Henry Hall, the Ancestor of Lord Gage himself; being likewise unsupported by long uninterrupted Pofu ffion, and the present Attorney and So-

licitor General having given an Opinion against admitting it, as Sir Dudley Ryder and Lord Mansfield also did when they held those Offices, we shall not think it necessary to make farther Mention of that Claim.

A similar Claim is made by Maynard Colchcfier, and Edmund Probyn, Esquires, Two other of the Woodwards in Fee, to the Bark, and to Windfall Trees, in the Bailiwicks of Abenhall and Bail) but these Claims appear to us to be equally unfounded with that of Lord Gage, and their Ancestors also signed the Proposals on which the Act of aoth Charles II. was made, by which all Rights to Fees or Perquisites arising from Wood and Timber were abolished.

In order to bring about a final Arrangement and Settlement between the Crown and these differen. Parties, we would humbly propose, that an Act of Parliament should pass for appointing Commissioners to treat and agree with the Freeholders, and all others who have Rights of Common, or other Rights or Claims, on the before-mentioned Quantity of 12,883 Acres, for a Division of that Part of the Forest, upon just and equitable Conditions, in Proportion to the Value of their respective Rights, giving a fair Price for such as the Parties shall think proper to fell, or making Compensation to them by adequate Allotments in Land; and we will here humbly offer our Idea of the general Principles and Terms on which such Settlement should proceed.

In the first Place, the Commissioners should be empowered, in Conjunction with the Freeholders, to name fit Persons to estimate what Proportion, of the

12.888 Acres should be allotted to the Crown in Severalty, in Consequence of the Right to keep there in all Seasons 800 Deer; and what Proportion Should be allotred to the several Parishes, in Consequence of their Right to keep their Commonable Cattle on those

12.888 Acres, during the Part of the Year before mentioned.

The Deer should be disposed of or destroyed; from which no great Inconvenience can arise to the Crown, as this Forest has supplied only Four Bucks and Four Does Annually, for the last Seven Years, to the Orders of the Cofferer or Clerk of the Venison Warrants; and as it is proposed to make a Recompence to the Forest Officers for the Loss of their Deer, no Injury will be done to them. It will also take away from the Deer Stealers, and other disorderly People, a great Temptation for breaking into the Inclosures; and prevent the Destruction of the young Timber, by the Browze of the Deer.

The Allotment to the Crown, in lieu of the Right to keep the 800 Deer, Should be added to the 11,000 Acres, which are at present the sole Property of the Crown, so as to increase the Quantity to be set apart for ever as a Nursery for Timber.

The Part of the 12,888 Acres to be allotted for the Commoners, being thus freed from the Deer, the Commoners will then have the foie Right to the Herbage, and that Quantity will afterwards be open to their Cattle only for the whole Year; but the Crown will still have the Property of the Soil, and the Wood and Timber growing and to grow on the Quantity of 10,816 Acres, and the Right to inclose any Part of them for the Growth of Timber, on throwing open an equal Quantity of the first 11,000 Acres, with such Interests in the remaining Parts as we have already described; and as this Mixture of Rights may give Occasion to future Complaints and Disputes, it may perhaps be proper to impower the Commissioners to agree with the Commoners, subject to the Approbation of the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for a Separation of those Rights also, giving to the Crown an Equivalent in Land to be added to the Nursery of Timber, in Consideration of the

Apr’ena;*,

K»40.

28 Geo. III. i8° Jun579

the parting with the Right to the Soil and Timber in the Lands to be allotted to the Commoners.

Powers should be given to the same Commissioners to enquire into the Claims of the Miners and Colliers, and to make a final Arrangement and Settlement with them; and we apprehend it will not be found to be very difficult: For supposing that they could succeed in establishing their Right to dig for Ore and Coal, and to be supplied with such Wood or Timber as may really be necessary for their Works, yet even on that Supposition it appears, from the Collection of Laws of the Free Miners, or Constitutions of their Mi ne Law Court, as well as by the Information of the Gaveller, and late Deputy Gaveller, that the Crown is entitled to, and it is laid did formerly take, so considerable a Share of the Ore or Coal dug up, as would pay well for any Quantity of Wood or Timber that they could possibly have Occasion for in carrying on their Works.

Wc will not presume to point out the Particulars of the Arrangement that Should be made with the Miners and Colliers }but, in our humble Opinion, all the Fees paid to the Steward of the Swanimote Court, and Keepers, should be abolished, and such moderate Compositions only should be paid by the Colliers and Miners as the Commissioners shall think fit to establish, for the Purpose of preserving the Right of the Crown to the Mines; and the Colliers and Miners should not, afterwards, be allowed to have Wood or Timber from the Forest, but by fair Purchase; and although, from being obliged to pay for the Wood and Timber which they are at present supplied with gratuitously, it may become necessary for them to make some small Advance in the Price of Coal, yet / this will prove no real Loss to the Colliers, nor will they be in any Danger of losing the Market in Consequence of it.

From the Accounts of the Quantity of Coal raised in the Forest, given by the Gaveller; from the Accounts of the Steward of the Swanimote Court, Deputy Surveyor, and others, of the Quantity of Timber and Wood delivered to the Colliers; and, from the Information which we have received respecting the Price of Coal dug in the Forest, and of Coal brought into that Country from other Parts, we have all the Circumstances before us which are necessary to enable us to form an Opinion on this Subject. The Quantity of Coal raised in the Forest, according to the Weekly Average stated by the Gaveller, is about 94,432 Tons in the Year; the Average Price of the different Kinds is 3J. 3d Ton at the Pit: From the Price of imported Coal, which is Ton

' at Newnbatn, in the Neighbourhood of the Forest, and from all the Information we have been able to procure, it appears certain that no Coal, imported from other Parts, can be supplied in that Neighbourhood at near so low a Rate as from the Forest. The Timber delivered to the Colliers has been from 1,000 to 1,500 Tons Annually, of which much has been mif- applied by them; and the Value of the Kinds which they have been supplied with is about 25J.

Supposing, therefore, this whole Quantity to be really necessary for their Use, it would cost them only £.1,875. £. 1,875 but> as the Fees they now pay to the Steward and Keepers are proposed to be abolished, a Deri uClion mult be made on that Account from the Value of the Timber to be purchased by the Colliers, which would probably reduce the Expence to leis than £.1,500. 1>5°o, and that Sum would be amply compensated

by an Addition of not more than per Ton on the Quantity Annually fold from the Forest, which would £ *>573* raise 1,573; so that the Colliers could suffer no Detriment by purchasing the Timber necessary for their Works, nor incur any Danger of losing the Market; and, as the Country round the Forest would, even then, be furnished with Coal at a very cheap

Rate, and free from any Tax, it cannot surely be thought reasonable that Government should furnish Timber to the Colliers from the Forest for nothing, solely to enable them to supply that Part of the Country with Coal on still lower Terms.

We directed the Surveyors employed by us in making a Map of the Forest, to endeavour to form such, a Plan of Inclosure as would include the Land on which there is most Wood and Timber, and in which the Soil is most fit for the Production of it, leaving out the great Fields of Coal on which the Works are at present carried on, and such,great public Roads, or Roads for the Carriage of Coal, as in their Opinion must be continued; and also leaving out those Parts of the Waste which, being near the Extremities of the Forest, and least covered with Timber or Underwood, are most conveniently situated, and afford the bell Pasture for the Cattle of the Commoners; and the Surveyors have reported to us, that there are about

18.000 Acres peculiarly fitted for the Production of Timber, which, according to the Plan they have formed, may be so inclosed as to correspond with the Objects which we recommended to their Attention.

It is not possible at present to ascertain the exact Quantity that may be kept inclosed, because that must depend on the Share to be allotted to the Crown on the proposed Division; but it deserves Notice, that when the Grant was made to Sir John Montour,

18.000 Acres were disafforested j the Lea containing about t,ioo Acres, was retained by the Crown j and the remaining Quantity, containing about 4,000 Acres, was left open to the Cattle of the neighbouring Parishes entitled to Common of Herbage; and-that this Arrangement took Place with the Consent of the Freeholders, afrer mature and deliberate Treaty, and without any Violence or Injustice to the Rights or Property of Individuals; so that there is perhaps some Reason to expect that the Quantity of i8,oqo Acres, stated by our Surveyors to be most fit for Timber, may be set apart for the Crown, upon a fair Division.

But whatever the Part allotted to the Crown, or acquired by Purchase, may be, we apprehend that the Object and Principle which we have suggested should. be followed; and if it be found that any Coal Work or Pit, already made by the Authority of the Gaveller, falls within the Limits of any of those Inclosures, Powers should be given to the same Commissioners to-make a reasonable Allowance to the Undertakers for depriving them of every such Pit or Work, and to allot another Place in the open Part of the Forest, instead of that which it may be necessary to comprehend within the Inclosures.

This Settlement would probably be of Advantage to all Parties.

The Public would obtain a valuable Addition to the Nursery of Timber for the Use of the Navy; and that Nursery would be protected from the pernicious Effects of the Browze of the Deer and Cattle, and the Pannage of Swine.

Those who have the Right of Common of Herbage would have a clear, full, unmixed, and undif-puted Right to the Parts allotted to them for the whole Year, instead of a Right to a Share of the Pasture, in Common with the Deer, for Six Months only; they would be freed from the Extortion of the Keepers; and, having their Property in less Compals, though of equal Value, it would be more easily guarded against the Intrusions of Strangers, who now fend their Cattle there as freely as those who have the Right of Common in the Forest j and the Parts so allotted might be more easily subdivided and inclosed, if the Freeholders should afterwards desire it.

The Arrangement and Settlement with the Colliers and Miners would also be of great Benefit to the Pub-

% lie.

lie, and prbbably in the End of no Disadvantage to she Miners and Colliers themselves: At present they are Ibpplicd with Timber by Means of fraudulent and collusive Practices, in Conjunction with j:he relidenc Forest Officers; they are liable to Punishment on Detection, and at all Times to Demands for Fees or Gratuities; they probably make but a small Profit of the Wood and Timber improperly allotted to them,

' and keep but for a lhort Time the little they so acquire. Upon a regular Settlement with them, they would be altogether independant of the Forest Officers; they would buy such Wood and Timber only as their Works should really require; and, as that would be chiefly what is dotard or decayed, and of Kinds unfit for Ship-building, they would be supplied with it on moderate Terms; and, there being no other Place from which the neighbouring Country can be supplied with Coal at so cheap a Rate as from the Forest, the Demand for the Forest Coal would continue, and the Colliers would obtain from the Con-fumer a fair Price, to make up for the additional Expence occasioned by the Purchase of Wood and Timber for their Works.

The Benefit to the Public is obvious: — It would put an End to the greatest Source of Waste and Destruction of useful Timber, and of Temptation to Corruption in the Officers, that exists in the Forest; it would create a Demand for such Trees as are dotard or decayed, and of Kinds unfit for Ship-building, so as to derive from them some Revenue; and at the same Time thin the Woods, and gradually give Room to the best Trees to grow and become Timber.

Those who have built Cottages, and inclosed small Pieces of Land (which are distinguished in the Plan of the Forest by the Red Colour) are the next about whom it is necessary to form some Determination. Different Examples have been given in this Report of the Expulsion of similar Intruders from the Forest; — Once in the Time of the Protestor , when

400 Cottages were pulled down, and the Inclosures destroyed; again, after passing the Act 20th Charles II. when about Thirty, the Remains of a greater Number, were in the same Manner demolished, and the Forest cleared; and we have shewn, on the Authority of Sir Robert Atkins, whoseBook was published in 171a, that when he wrote there were no Houses in the Forest, except the Six Lodges of the Keepers.

In general, those Cottagers are represented to us as living on the Spoil of the Forest; and the Conservator and all the Keepers declare, that the Encroachments have been made in Defiance of all the Opposition they could give, and have been supported and renewed, in Spite of all their Endeavours to destroy them. There are, indeed, so many Inducements to build there, and the Intrusions have of late increased so rapidly, that, for the Preservation of the Forest, some vigorous Measures must be speedily taken.

The Forest being Extra-parochial, the Inhabitants are free from all Kinds of Rates or Taxes; and they have the Advantage of unlimited Pasture for Horses, Cows, or Sheep, and of Acorns and Beech Mali for their Swine, besides the Access to the Wood and Timber; for all which they pay nothing, unless per-- haps some Gratuities to the Keepers, to prevent them from disturbing their Possession.

The same Commissioners should have Powers and Instructions similar to those which were given to the Marquis of Worcester and others, after the passing of the Act of the 20th Charles II. to remove the Cottagers, and reclaim the Encroachments: But discretionary Powers should at the same Time be given to them, to shew Indulgence to any of those Intruders who have been born in the Forest, and had long uninterrupted Possession, and whose Cottages are not so situated as to interrupt the Plan of Inclosure; or to make some Allowance to fu#h of them as have been long ella-

blished, under the like Circumstances, within the Parts necessary to be inclosed.

We would humbly propose that Powers should also be given to the same Commissioners, to determine what Roads are necessary to be made and kept in Repair at the Expence of the Forest, and what Roads are to be considered as public Roads, necessary for the Country, to be afterwards made and kept in Repair by Turnpikes or otherwise, but not at the foie Expence of the Forest. If any Timber shall be carried through the Gates oti the public'Roads, Toll must be paid for it; and Checks might be easily formed, by Means of such Turnpikes, which would prove a great Security against the Healing of Timber; and at the same Time put an End to a great and fruitful Source of unnecessary Expence, and lhameful Imposition.

As the Execution of all that has been proposed will be attended with considerable Expence, the following is humbly suggested as the best Mode that occurs to us for providing an adequate Fund to defray.it.

There are several detached Pieces of Land belonging to the Forest, containing about 440 Acres: The Commissioners should be impowered to fell all or any of those detached Parts, under such Restrictions as the Legislature may judge it proper to appoint, or to exchange or allot any of them, as an Equivalent for any of the Rights admitted and enjoyed in the Fore'll, by the Parishes having Right of Common, or by the Officers of Inheritance; and in case further Sums should be necessary for defraying the Expence that may be incurred in the Execution of what is proposed, the same Commissioners should be empowered to fell, or direct the Sale, of such dotard and decayed Trees, or Trees not fit or likely to become fit for Naval Use, as they shall think proper to be felled, in order to supply the Deficiency.

No Prejudice to the Public Interest will attend either of thele Measures. The detached Pieces of Land last mentioned are of so small Extent, that the Inclosure and Protection of them would be very expensive if kept by the Crown; and the clearing the Forest of dotard and decayed Trees at the Time of inclosing, would not only be of Use in giving Room for the young Spring of Wood to grow, but would prevent for some Time the Damage to the Inclosures and young Wood, by frequent Cuttings.

Here would end the Business of the Commissioners; and when the different Objects already mentioned shall have been accomplished, the Forest will then be in the best State for providing, under proper Management, a future Supply of Timber for the Navy, and for producing a considerable and increasing Revenue.

Our Surveyors have made an Estimate of the whole Expence which would attend the Plan of Inclosure proposed, and the Improvement and future Care of the Forest, as well as of the Advantages which would arise from it in the Course of an Hundred Years, supposing the Quantity of Land allotted to the Crown to be 18,000 Acres. To the Charges of Improvement and Management they have added a Relit of /. 4,500 a Year, which they consider as the Annual Value of the Land in its present State, with a View to Cultivation; and they have placed on the opposite Side the Returns of every Kind to be Annually expected from the Forest; and, according to their Computation, the Forest would, during the First Seventy Years, produce Annually the Quantity of 1,500 Loads, Girt Measure, or 2,150 Loads, Square Measure, for the Use of the Navy; and after Seventy Years, when many Trees to be planted in the proposed Inclosures will be grown fit for Naval Use, the Quantity to be furnished from this Forest will gradually increase, till the Period of an Hundred Years after the proposed Improvement, producing, during that Period, a Gross

Annual

Appendix; N"4 i.

Annual Revenue of £. 26,300, or £. 20,665 Nett, over and above a Relit of £. 4,500 for the Land, and all Expences of Improvement and Management; and after the Period of an Hundred Years, by their Computation, 14,400 Loads of Oak, Girt Measure, or 21,600 Loads, Square Measure, may be Annually cut for the Dock Yards; and this Quantity, under a Continuance of careful Management, may be for ever afterwards expected from this Forest, yielding, according to the present Prices of Timber, an Annual Gross Revenue of £. 57,600, or £.52,052 Nett, after making the Annual Deductions for Relit and Expence of Management.

The Part of the Report of our Surveyors which explains this Plan, with a Statement of the Annual Expences and Returns expected, are giyen in the Appendix to this Report; and we have received fimi-lar Computations from other Surveyors of Eminence, and there is no very material Difference in the Value which they put on the Produce of the Forest, in its improved State.

Though we might, perhaps, be too sanguine in our Expeditions, if we Should estimate at so high a Rate the Benefits to be derived from the Plan of Improvement which we have suggested, yet we. are decidedly of Opinion, that under proper Management it would be productive of the most solid National Advantages, without injuring the Rights of any Individual.

If, however, the Freeholders and others who are entitled to Common of Pasture, or have other Rights in the Forest, Should not agree to a Settlement and Separation of those Rights on the Principles proposed, we would then recommend that the Provisions of the Act of 20th Charles II. Should be carried into Effect as speedily as possible; that the full Quantity of 11,000 Acres Should be forthwith inclosed, in the Parts of the Forest best adapted to the Growth of Timber; that the Principle of that Ad Should be strictly pursued, by keeping that Quantity of Land at all Times inclosed, and by making fresh Inclosures, in other Parts of the Forest, so soon as the Wood and Timber in any Part of the Land first inclosed Should be out of Danger of Spoil by Cattle; that a Law Should be enacted to make it highly penal to destroy the Fences of those Inclosures; that the existing Laws for preventing the Healing and destroying of Timber Should be duly enforced; that the strictest Attention Should be given to keep the Forest clear of Cattle of all Kinds during the Fence Month and Whiter Haining, and of uncommonable Cattle at all other Seasons; that the Claims of the Miners and Colliers to Timber and Wood from the Forest Should be enquired into, and brought to a speedy Determination; that no Timber or Wood Should be allowed to them hereafter, but by fair Purchase, qnlefs they prove that they have a legal Right to it; and that in calk they Should succeed in establishing such Right, the most effectual Checks Should then be instituted to prevent the Delivery of a greater Quantity, or of better Quality, than is absolutely necessary for the Use of their Works; and a Law Should be made, that no Miner or Collier convicted of felling, or converting to other Uses, any Timber or Wood so delivered, Should ever afterwards have any more Timber or Wood delivered to him from the Forest on any Account.

Effectual Means Should also be used for protecting the Forest from the Depredations of the Cottagers, for resuming all Encroachments, and expelling all Intruders whatever from those Parts of the Forest which are to be inclosed; and if there be any of the Cottagers who, from Length of Possession, or other Circumstances, Should be thought deserving of Consideration, some Allowance may be made to them, upon their Removal, or small Portions of Land allotted to them in other Parts of the Forest, remote Vol. XLIII.

' ' ' r.

from the Inclosures, on paying a small Annual Relit of Acknowledgment to the Crown. Nb Roads Should in future be repaired at the Charge Of the Forest, but such as arc necessary for the Carriage of Timber s and every superfluous Expence Should be prevented.

But whether the Proposal which we have suggested shall be adopted, or it shall be found necessary to enforce the Provisions of the Act of aoth Charles II. in either same the greatest Difficulty will still remain* and all that is here recommended will avail little, unless a proper System shall be adopted for the future Preservation and Management of this Forest.

The first Step to be taken with that View, we apprehend, Should be, to have a compleat Survey made of the Trees growing in each Inclosure in the Forest, distinguishing, in separate Columns, what Trees are fit for the Navy, and pointing out such of those as contain principal Pieces, or Knee Timber; and whac Trees not yet fit for the Navy, arc likely to become so. These Should be all classed, numbered, and deferred, as to Situation in the Inclosure, and as to the Quantity of Timber they are supposed to contain: For each Inclosure there Should be a Keeper, who Should keep a Forest Book, in which a Duplicate of such Survey Should be inserted; and as the Trees in some of the Inclosures may be so very numerous as to endanger Confusion from having the Whole in One Account, and One Series of Numbers, different Divisions Should be made in each Inclosure, described by distinct Names and Boundaries; and for each Division there Should be separate Accounts and Numerations. A Duplicate of this Book, with the original Survey, Should be kept by the Officer or Officers who shall have the general Superintendance of the Forests; and an Account of the Totals of each Class Should be transmitted Annually to the Treasury, and to the Commissioners of the Navy, that each of those Boards may at all Times know the Quantity of Timber in each Forest, fit or likely to become fit for the Navy.

A Purveyor of the Navy Should assist in taking such Survey, which Should be verified on Oath; and when a Fall for the Navy, or for Sale, is directed, the Purveyor and Keeper Should both certify the Numbers of the particular Trees proposed to be cut in each Division; and after the Fall has been made, the Number of Trees felled Should be checked with the Certificate of the Purveyor and Keeper, and entered in the Keeper’s Forest Book; and the Certificates returned to the General Office, where they Should remain. The Trees proposed to be cut Should be viewed by Two Justices of the Peace, or Verderors of the Forest, as required by the Act of 20th Charles II.; and the Purveyor and Keepers Should not only be sworn to the Truth of their Certificates, but the Justices or Verderors Should also certify that they have viewed the Trees proposed to be taken down, so as to be a real Check on the Purveyor and Keeper.

The Duplicate of the Forest Book, kept in the General Office, ought certainly to belong to and remain in that Office, and not be considered as the Property of the Officers; and every Survey, or Document of any Kind, relative to the Forests, Should there be entered and preserved; so that the succeeding Officer or Officers, who may be intrusted with this important Charge, may find in the Office the fulleft Information of every preceding Circumstance, as well as of the actual State of every Forest.

In the Examinations of the different Officers, and the Remarks we have made upon them, the Salaries, Fees* Gratuities, Emoluments, and Advantages of every Kind, which we have discovered to be taken, are fully stated; and the destructive Effects which they have upon the Forest are pointed out. We havefhewn that those Advantages increase, in Proportion to the Waste and Destruction committed; and that the1 Interest of

7 I the

6th Report*

16. 7.

582 18 0 Junin 1788.

the Officers in the Forest, and that of the Public, are direCHy opposite to each other. If strict Regularity should be introduced into the Expenditure in the Fo-rest, and the Inclosures be carefully'preserved; if Waste Should be prevented in the felling of Timber for the Navy, or for Sale; and a Stop be put to the Advantages which the resident Officers derive from the Delivery of Timber to the Colliers, as well as from Timber stolen, and from the Trespasses on the Herbage, their Offices would be worth little. It is obvious that to attempt any Improvement of the Forest while this absurd System remains mult be ineffectual; and it cannot be necessary to use any additional Arguments to shew that the first Step that ought to be taken is to put an End to the present, and to adopt a different Plan of Payment, of every efficient Officer connected with the Forests.

We will on this Subject adopt Two Sentences from a Report of the Commissioners of Public Accounts, which are as applicable to the Department under our immediate Consideration, as to any Establishment in this Country.

" Having thus ffated the Mischiefs attending the ,f present Establishment, both to the Public and Individuals, and the Reasons for abolishing the multi-ct farious Emoluments by which these Offices are now " supported, it remains for us to propose such a Re-" gularion as appears belt calculated to avoid the " like Mischiefs, and nooft beneficial to the Public " Service.

" We are of Opinion, that in the Place of all these tc Salaries, Fees, and Gratuities, there Should be substituted and annexed to each of these Offices, of " whatever Rank or Denomination, one certain Salary, paid to the Officer by the Public, Quarterly, * and free of all Deductions. This Salary Should be " an ample Compensation for the Service required, and the Quantum estimatedby the various Quali-<f fications and Circumstances necessary for the Execution, and which, together, form the Title to " Reward."

We have in this Report, as we proposed, confined our more minute Investigation to what relates to the Forest of Dean: Our chief Objects have been to give a distinct View of the Rights appertaining to the Crown in this Forest, and of the Claims made upon it by Individuals, as well as to explain the Abuses which prevail; in order that a Settlement and Separation of those Rights may take Place on just Principles, and that Measures may be speedily taken to put an End to those Abuses; and we propole, One by One, to report on the other Forests belonging to the Crown, and to endeavour to state the Condition of each, imthe same Manner, to the Legislature.

We have only so far entered into the general Subject of Enquiry, as to shew, that under the present Syf-tem of Management, the Woods and Forests, Parks and Chaces, belonging to the Crown, inllead of yielding any Revenue whatever to the State, have had the Value of all they have produced, from the Year 1761 to 1786 inclusive, expended on them, and nolefs than £.‘144,882. j6j. 7 d.more, taken from the Produce of the demised Estates; that no more has been Annu-

ally furnished from them to the Dock Yards than 2>oooo Loads of Oak Timber, and yet that the Forests are in a State of Decay; that the Annual Demand for Oak Timber for jthe Navy is no less than 25,000 Loads; that no Dependance can with Safety be had on other Countries for any Part of that Quantity; that

23,000 Loads are Annually purchased From private Estates in this Country; and that as there is a rapid Decrease in the Stock of Oak Timber growing in this Kingdom, that Source of Supply becomes every Year more precarious and uncertain.

We have shewn also, that as long as the Landed Property of the Crown was thought deserving of the Attention of Ministers, and the Surveyors General of the Crown Lands, and of the Woods and Forests, were connected in the Superintendance and Management with other Officers of the Crown, the Provisions of the Act of 20th Charles II. were carried into regular Execution, and the Forests were well preserved; but as soon as that joint Care and Co-operation ceased, and the Woods and Forests came to be under the foie and uncontrouled Direction of a single Officer, a general Relaxation took Place, and those Abuses were gradually suffered to prevail, which have brought the Forests to their present wafted Condition.

We have suggested a Plan of Arrangement and Improvement, by which, in our humble Apprehension, the Forest of Dean may be made a very valuable Nur-fery of Timber for the Navy, and productive of a considerable Revenue; and we hope that we shall be able to propose Plans equally practicable and effectual for the Improvement and Management of the other Forests of the Crown. By these Means we trust that those great National Objects may be attained, of providing a full and constant Supply of Timber for the Royal Navy, without any Dependance whatever on other Countries, and without trusting much for great Timber to Supplies from private Property in this Kingdom; and of deriving, at the same Time, a very considerable Revenue from a Part of the Public Property which has for many Years bfien the Source only of Expence.

But these great Public Benefits can only be rendered permanent by an uniform Perseverance in one regular established System of Management, and by an unremitted Attention on the Part of those who shall be intruded with the Care and Superintendance of this great National Concern.

Todevifethe Means of securing the Continuance of this necessary Attention and Care, and to guard against: the Danger of future Relaxation and Neglect, are fit Subjects for the Exercise of the Wisdom of the Legislature. We have thought it our Duty, in this Report, only to bring the Subject under Observation; and rather to point out every Circumstance, from past Experience, that can assist in forming a Judgment upon it, than, without still farther Consideration, to suggest an Opinion of our own, on a Matter of so much Difficulty and Importance.

Chai , (L. S.)

Land Revenue Office, (L. S.)

Scotland Yard, , (L. S.)

3d June 1788.

8

APPENDIX.

a 8 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

583

APPENDIX

N° 1. An Account of the several Woods, Forests, Parks, and Chaces, under the Survey

of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests — Page 585

2. Account of the Quantity of Timber Annually consumed by the Navy, and how sup-

plied — — — — P. 585

3. Letter from the Navy Board, concerning the general Decrease of Oak Timber P. j$6

4. Perambulatio Forelhe de Dene, in Com. Glouc. ex Rotulo de Anno 28° Regis Ed-

wardi Primi — — — ' — — P. 586

5. A Note of the Proceedings (concerning the Perambulation of the Forest of Dean)

at the Justice Seat held for the said Forest, at Gloucester 10 July 1634, before Henry Earl of Holland', Lord Chief Justice in Eyre, &c. as it was delivered to

the King by Sir John Finch — — — — P. 587

6. Extracts from an Indenture under the Great Seal of England, dated 20th February,

15th Cha' I. between the King on the One Part, and Sir John Wintour, Knight, on the other Part; Rating the Particulars of the Allotments for the Use of the Commoners, on the Disafforeftation of the Forest of at that Time — P. £88

7. Abstract of an Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber within the Forest of

Dean,aoth Cite* II. Chap. 3. — — — - P. 591

8. Return to a Commission directed to Henry Duke of Beaufort and others, concerning the

Forest of Dean, 3d William and Mary — — - — P. 592

9. Summary View of the Judgment of the different Dealers in the different Counties,

according to Number of Years, respecting the proportionate Decrease of Oak > Timber (being N° 16 in the Appendix to the Report of the Committee of the Houfoof Commons, May 1771, on the Means of supplying His Majesty’s Navy with Timber) - P. 597

10. Abstract of an Account received from Mr. John Matthews, Steward of the Swani-

mote and Attachment Courts of the Forest of Dean, of Timber delivered to the Coal Miners in the said Forest, from 25th September 1780 to 25th September 1787 - P- 59s

11. An lnventorye of such Books and Writings as were delivered to Mr. Morgan, Sur-

veyor General of his Majesty’s Woods, by Mrs. Widow of John Taverner, late Surveyoi; General, 25th May 1608 — — — P. 599

12. A true and perfect lnventorye indented, of all such Books and Plotts of Survey,

concerning the surveying of Forests, with the Affarts, Wastes, and Purpreftures thereof, as were delivered by George Mortimer, Gent, unto Aaron Ratbborne, Esquire, by virtue of a Warrant from Henry Viscount Maundeville, Lord High Treasurer of England, 26th May 1621 — — — - P. 599

13. A Lift of Surveyors General of his Majesty’s Woods, from the Year 1608 to the

present Time - P. 600

14. A Lift of the Officers of the Forest of Dean, made up at a Court of Swanimote held

for that Forest, 25th September 1787 — — — P. 600

Answers of several of the Officers of Dean Forest to the Enquiry of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue,

N° 15. Of Frederick Augufius Earl of Berkeley, Lord Warden of the Forest, and Constable of the Castle of S' Briavel's — — — — P. 601

16. — Sir John Guise, Bart. Deputy Warden and Verderor —; — P. 601

17. — Maynard Colchester, Esquire, deceased, late Deputy Warden, Verderor, and Wood-

ward

18. — Edmund Probyn, Esquire, Deputy Warden and Woodward —

19. — Thomas Crawley Boevey, Esquire, Deputy Warden — -

20. — Joseph Pyrke, Esquire, Deputy Warden — —

21. — Roynon Jones, Esquire, Verderor and Conservator — —

22. — - Charles Edwin, Esquire, Chief Forester, Bow-bearer, and Woodward

P. 602 P. 602 P. 602 P. 603 P. 603 P. 603

23. Examination of Thomas Blunt, Deputy Surveyor of De Forest — — P. 604

24. Abstract of the Examinations of the Six Keepers of Forest — — P. 606

25. Examination of George C*Jar Hopkinjon, Esquire, Gaveller of F — P. 613

26. Extract of a Letter from Mr. Thomas Blunt, Rating the Prices of Coal in Dean

Forest - P. 613

27. Examination of Thomas Wood, Watchman in Dean Forest — — P. 613

28. Account of all Monies paid to John Pitt, Esquire, and Sir Edmund Thomas, Barr.

late Surveyors General of His Majesty’s Woods, by Debentures on any of the Receivers of His Majesty’s Land Revenue, within the Audits of James West and Henry Shelley, Esquires, from the ill of January 1761 to the 31st December 1786; stating the Amount paid in each Year — — — P. 614

29. Account of all Monies paid to John Pitts Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, for Fines of Leases from the Crown, from the ift of January 1761

to

584

i8° Justii. 1788.

‘to t^c 31st December 1786, and of Monies paid to the Surveyors General of the ' Woods, for Timber fold from the demised Estates, so far as appears to the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands i- — — Page 617

N# 30. Account of all Monies paid to John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, for Wood and Timber felled or fold from the demised Estates of the Crown, from the ift of January 1761 to the 3rft December 1786 — P. 618

31. Abstract of the preceding Accounts of Monies paid to the Surveyors General of His Majesty’s Woods, from Rents and Fines, and Wood and Timber fold from the demised Estates of the Crown, from ift January 1761'to 31st December 1786 P. 618

32. Abstracts of Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy within the Forest of

Dean, from the Year 1761 to the Year 1786, both inclusive — — P. 619

33. Abstracts of the Accounts of Wood Sales within the Forest of , from the Year

1761 to the Year 1786, both inclusive — — — P. 626

34. Brief Statement of the Produce of the Navy Timber and Wood Sales in Dean

and of the Disbursements stated and allowed in the Surveyor General’s Account thereof, from the Year 1761 to 1786, both inclusive, collected from the preceding Abstracts, N0' 32 and 33 — — — — P. 621

35. Warrants for railing £.2>oooo towards building a Gaol, &c. at by Wood

Sales in Dean Forest; and Account of the Sale of the Wood and Timber felled for that Purpose - P. 622

36. Copy of a Warrant or Order for the Delivery of Timber to a Coal Miner in Dean

Forest — — r — — — — P. 624

37. Report of the Solicitor of the Treasury relative to Depredations committed in Dean

Forest, with an Order to the Surveyor General of the Woods to offer Rewards for the Discovery of Offenders - P. 624

38. Brief Abstract of Accounts given by the Deputy Surveyor, Keepers, and Watch-

man of Dean Forest, of Fines and Rewards paid on Conviction of Offenders in the said Forest — — — — P. 625

39. Examination of Miles Hartland, Assistant to the Deputy Surveyor in Dean

Forest - P. 626

40-. State of the Returns of Deer from Dean Forest, made to the Cofferer of His Majesty’s Household, and Clerk of the Yenifon Warrants, from 1781 to 1787, both inclusive — — — — P. 628

41. A State of the present Division of the Forest of Dean, shewing the Quantities of Land contained in each Walk, with the Number of Cottages built, and Pieces of Land encroached thereon — An Account of the present State of the Inclosures made in the said Forest, for the Cultivation of Timber, and Observations respecting the present Stock of Timber growing in that Forest; to which is added.

An Estimate of the Charge ofinclosing, planting, and managing 18,000 Acres of Land in the said Forest, and of the Quantity and Value of the Timber and Wood which that Portion of Land may be expected to produce in the Course of an Hundred Years, with Explanations of that Estimate, and a Computation of the Returns which may be expected from that Part of the Forest, in constant Succession, after that Period is elapsed — — — P. 628

N* 1.

28 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

585

N« 1;

An ACCOUNT of the several Woods, forests, Parks, and Chaces, under the Survey Esquire

as Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods and Forests; viz?.

New Forest — — .

Alice Holt and Woolm

Bere Forest — —

Windsor Forest, and Cranbourne Windsor Great Park —

Windsor Little Park

► Hatnpjbirt.

Richmond Park — . — —

— — |

i — — Surrey.

S‘ James's Park _

Hyde Park —

Bushy Park — —

Hampton Court Park —

Dean Forest — -

Greenwich Park -u>

Waltham^ ais Eppi'ng Forest ~

Whittlewood Forest — *

Salcey Forest

Rockingham Forest — 1

IVhichwocd Forest — —

Gloucesterfhirt, Kent. Essex.

| Northamptonshire.

Oxford/birt.

All the above-mentioned Forests and Parks arc on the South Side of Trent.

Sherwood Forest Noltingbamshire.

On the North Side of Trent.

The said Office of Surveyor General extends to all other the King’s Forests, Chaces, Parks, Woods, arid Wood Grounds} but His Majesty has no other Forests, Chaces, or Parks, where there is any Stock of Timber.

As to the Woods and Wood Grounds difperfedty situate iri or upon the Crown Lands, granted out to Individuals, with a Reservation of the Timber that may be growing thereon. Captain Emmerick, who was, at the Request of the said Surveyor General, some Years ago, appointed his Itinerant Deputy, having been sent out of the Kingdom on His Majesty’s Service, it has not been in his (rhe said Surveyor General’s) Power to extend his Survey to them in the Manner he wished.

(Signed) J. Pitt,

N" a.

Navy-Office, ? An ACCOUNT of Particulars desired to be furnished for the Commissioners of the Land 13th May 1788.5 Revenue, by their Letter of the 13th May 1788.

WNav^"aaVver?g^Tfa^ i"DUaU?J°"fum.ld About 2j,coo Load, in if rough State. How much of that Timber is imported from Foreign Parts? — j ’^"^J^Loads’*1’^ Plank about 800 to

How much of it purchased from Individuals in this King* ? T _ j-

dom ? — - — — — — -1 About 23,000 Loads.

r , r. t*.tT, ,s 7 About a,oooo Loads, on an Average of Fif-

How much supplied from the Kings Forests? teen or Twenty Years past.

Of what Nature is the Timber imported-whether any great |Sawn intQ piank_no streight or crooked Timber or crooked Timber — -and whether in the rough State or > Timber imported converted ? - — J ?

(Signed) Middleton.

J. Henfiow.

Ed. Le Cras, Sami

Vol. XLIII.

7 K

N* 3.

5*6 - 18°

W- 3-

Navy Office, ad April 1788.

Gentlerpert,

In Answer to your Letter of Yesterday, relative to the general Decline in the Quantity of great Timber, as well in the King’s Forests as on private L dates, in this Kingdom, we acquaint you, that the Reports we have received from bur Purveyors, and the Accounts we have from the Timber Merchants, correspond with your Accounts,

We are, Gentlemen,

Your most obedient humble Servants,

Comm" Land Revenue. Cha' Middleton. J. Henjlow. Geo. Marsh.

N* 4.

Perambulatio Foreste de Dene, in Com. Glouc. ex Rotulo de Anno a8* Regis Edwardi Primi.

Edwardus Dei gra Rex Angl Dns Hiberii et Dux Aquit Omnifez ad quos presentes Litt?e (jp'venerint fal-tem SCIATIS qd cu Communitas Regni nri nose con-celTerit qntamdecimam omlu Bono? fuor mobiliu que habebunt in fefto ScT Michis proximo futuro ex tunc taxandor que quidm quintadecima post hujus-modi Taxaconem colligi debet levari et fideliter nobis folvj VOLUMUS et concedimus pro nob et heredibz nrs qd (jp’ambulacoes fade coram dilco et fidcli nro WIL-LO Inge et Socijs fuis ad hoc assignatis preceptu nru de Forestis nris in Com Glouc de cetcro teneantur et observentur metas et Bundas contentas in eifdm i&'ambulacoibz quar tenor de verbo ad verbum fequi-tur in hunc modum: PERAMBULATIO Foreste de Dene in Com Glouc fca die DnTca prox post festum Ascenfionis Dni Anno Rni Regis Edwardi viceffimo octavo visum Willi Inge Henri de Cobeham Willi de Mortuo Marj et Nichi de Ferniband Justic Dni Regis ad <{pambulac6em in Com Glouc faciend assignaf ^visum eordm Justic et jp'visum Johls de Boyland pofiti loco Hugols le Defpencer Justic Forest Dni Regis citra Trentum et ^»vifu Radi de Abbehale Riel de Dene Johls de Derhurst Clicj pofiti loco Cecilie de Muchegros Lras fuas Willi Joce Willi Bleytht Willj Hathwy Willi de Staure Robti de Aure Johls Waryn Foresta? de feodo dee forefte et <(pvifum AlexI de Bykenore Radi Hathwy Simonis de Fromelade et Rogeri de Aldewyk Viridarior dee forefte Et Sacrum Nichi de Bathonia Johis de Acton Ade Martell Odonis de Dumbliton Nichi de la Grave Johis de Al-biniaco Wittj de Dene Willj de Leche Ade Spilemon Johls deOccle Ricj de Bifely Willj Wyther Johls de Cromhale Radi Baron Rogeri Warin Germanj de Tonebrugg Rici de Blunde de Aure Simonis deSolors Walterj de Nafle Walteri Aylwy Phi de Lude Rogerj de Blideflows Johis Aylwy et Petrj de Comede Juratpr qui visa Foresta de Dene predca DICUNT qd Mete et Bunde ejufdm Foreste nuc ufitate incipiunt ad pontem qui vocatur Ledenebrugg extra Viliam Glouc et fic ab illo ponte <jp> Regalem viani que fe ducic le GJotic ufq ad villam de Newent et fic procedendo medium Ville de Newent ufq ad pontem qui vocatur Elbrugge et tunc ab illo ponte ufq ad quendrn locum qui vocatur Gorfteleyesford et tuifc de Gorfteleyesford lequendo Metas et divifas inter Com Glouc et Heford ufq ad quendam locum ubi Sichetus qui vocat' Bi-fhoppelbrok qui eadit in Ripam de Wcye et tunc defeendendo candem Ripam de Weye ufq ad quendam locum qui vocat'Jutelyndc Et ab illo loco de-

Junii. A. 1788.

feendendo quanda Semitam que eft divisa inter Com Glouc et Hereford ufq ad prdcam Riveram mediu ejusdem Rivere ufq ad quondam femitam que vocatur Alvinebathe Et deinde candem femitam <m parte finiftra ufq ad Campos Ville de Stafitone inclu-dendo totam Viliam predcam cu Campis ufq ad quendrn locu qui vocatur Stantonefgate Et tunc ab illo loco <jp quandam via ducentem de Villa de Stan-tone ufq ad quendam locum qui vocat' le Brodertone et fic ab illo loco defeendendo ad quendam Sichetum qui vocat' Threbork qui defeendit in dcam Ripiam de Waye et fic defeendendo mediu ejusdem Ripie ufq ad quendam Sichetu qui vocat' Brockweresbrok Et fic afeendendo de dco Sicheto ufq ad Chaciam Com Marefcalli de Strugoil Et fic procedendo <^dcam Cha-ciam ufq ad quendam locu qui vocat' Le Strayte et fic ab illo loco defeendendo ad quendam Sichetum qui vocat' Srrialebrok Et de illo Sicheto defeendendo in quodm dutto qui vocat' Cone. Deinde defeendendo dp* eundem Dudtum ufq ad Rivram de Sevarne. Et fic afeendendo eandem Rivram ufq ad pontem qui vocat' Ledenebrugge extra Villa Glouc ubi Mete ec Bunde incipiunt. DICUNT qd Dns Johes Rex Avus Dni Reg nunc afforeltavit infra prdcas metas ct Bundas oia Maneria Villas et Hamelctt subseripta cu Bof* cis et Planis eordem Manerior Villa? et Hamelettor ad dampnu Dnor lubscriptor tenenciu Maneria Villas et Hameletf subseripta fcilt Villa de Hualdesfeld cu Bofcis et Planis qrii Abbas de Tintarn et Wills Wy-ther tenent Maneria de Alvynton et Aylbritton cu Bofcis et Planis que Prior de Lanthony extra Glouc tenet — Manerium de Lydeney Hamelettu de Pyriton cum Bosco et Plano que Comes Warwick et Johes ab Adam tenent. Hamelettu de Boxe cum Granis et Planis qd Gilbertus de Bohun tenet. Maneriu de Ro-dele cum Bofcis et Planis qd Abbas Scl Petri Glouc tenet,. Maneriu de Westbyre cum Membris Bofcis et Planis qd Nichs de Bathonia Rogrus de Bourhull ec Walterus de Helyun tenent. Hamellettum de Ble-chefden cum Bofcis et Planis qd Rads de Abbehale et Elias de Blakeney tenent. Manerium de Huntley cum Bofcis et Planis qd Thomas de Huntley tenet. Manerium de Longhope cum Bofcis et Planis qd Gilbertus Talebot tenet. Manerium de Neuwent cum Membris Bofcis et Planis quod Abbas de Cormayles tenet. Manerium de Toynton cum Bofcis et Planis quod Cecilia de Muchegros tenet. Manerium de Tyberton cum Bofcis et Planis quod Wills Le Longe tenet. Maneria de Hyvehome et Chirhome cum Membris Bofcis et Planis que Abbas ScT Petri Glouc tenet. Hamellettu de Bulleye qd Phittus de Lude et ^ticipes fui tenent ad Dampnu Dnor p?dcor. UNDE DICUNT qd antique et recte Bunde prdee forefte que fueruntprimQ anno Coronacois Dni Hen? Reg: proavi Dni Regis nunc Incipiunt apud Hopefwelle Et de -Hopefwelle sequendo mtftas et divifas inter Com Glouc et Heford ufq ad locu qui vocat' Burleyns grove Ec fic a dco loco defeendendo ora Bofci EpT Hereford de Ros ufq ad fontem qui vocat' Afiewell Et fic ab illo Fonte defeendendo Sichetum qui vo-cat' Bifloppefbrok ufq in Ripiam de Waye Et fic defeendendo ty* mediu ejusdem Riperie ulq ad locu qui vocat' Jutelynde Et de Jutclynde defeendendo ty* quandm femitam que eft divisa inter Corn Glouc et Hereford ufqad prdcam Riveram de Weye Et fic defeendendo mediu ejufdm Rivere ulq ad quandam Semitam que vocat' Alvinebathe, Et deinde eandem Semitam ulq ad Campos Ville de Stantone includen-do totam villam cum Campis ufq ad locu qui vocat' Stantonefgate Et fic ab illo loco quandam viam que ducit de villa de Stantone ufq ad locum qui vocat' le Brodeftone Et deinde ufq ad Sichetum qui vocat' Trebrok qui defeendit in Riveram de Waye Et fic defeendendo mediu ejuldm Rivere ufq ad quendrn Sichetum qui vocat' Broc-Werefbrok Et deinde afeendendo eundni Sichetum ufo ad Siche- turn

18 Geo. III. i8°

turn qui vocat* Mcrbrok Et de illo Sicheto ora Bofci de Herthulle dimittendo dcum Bofcu a dextra parte et Forestam in finiftra ufq ad Sichetu qui vocat' Aylemorelbrok Et fic descendo dcm Sichetu ufq. ad duftu de Cone Et fic dcm Duftum ufq ad Bofcu de Aylvinton dimittendo Bofcu in dextra parte ora dci Bofci ufq ad Sichetum qui vocat' Wod-wardelbroke Et ab illo Sichetto dimittendo Bofcu de Aylbrifton in dextra parte et foreftam in finiftra ufq ad quandm viam que vocat' Marleweye dimittendo Bofcu Com Warwick in manu dextra et foreftam in finiftra et fic extransverfo illius vie ufq ad Sichetu qui vocat' Merbrok descendendo dcu Sichetu in dufto qui vocatur Neuwerne Et fic eundm dudum descendendo ad Angulum bofci Dni Regis qui vocat' Le Sned Et fic ab illo angulo ufq ad quendam locu qui "vocat' Lippemere Et ab illo loco ufq ad ad quendm Sichettu qui vocat' Lone/broke Et qui descendit juxta villam de Pyriton in Ripiam de Sevarne Et fic afcen-dendo mediu ejufdm Riverc ufq ad quandm Pifca-riam quam Johes de La Boxe tenet Et fic afcendendo a dca pifcaria ufq ad quoddam pratu quod vocat' Foulmede. Et fic ab illo prato ufq ad altam viam ducentem de Aure versus Blythefiowe Et fic sequendo illam viam ufq ad, quendam duftum qui vocat' Er-leyeford et de Erleyeford afcendendo ufq ad Sichettu qui vocat' Southleynfpull Et fic eundem Sichettum afcendendo ufq ad quendrn locu qui vocat' Sipweye Et ab illo loco descendendo ufq ad quendm locu qui vocat' Rugweye Et fic ab illo loco ufq ad quendm Sichettu fubter villam de Newham qui descendit in Riperiam de Sevarne Et fic afcendendo <jp medium ejufdm Riperie ufq ad fupcriorem partem paftur que vocat’ Crolyngham Et fic adca paftura ufq ad quod-dm folfatu extendentem ad Granam que vocat’ Pi-paresgroff.’ Et deinde procedendo dcm foffatum ufq ad Molcndynu de Dunye Et de dco molendino ufq ad locu qui vocat' Bolefloghe Et fic ab illo loco ufq ad montem de Dunye deinde ab illo Monte ufq ad pontem qui vocat' Woclelbrugg Et fic ab illo ponte dimittendo landam de Walemor in finiftra manu ufq ad quandam Crucem que vocat' Le White-crous Et fic ab ilia Cruce ufq ad quandam viam ducentem fubter parcu de Leve Et fic a dca via ufq ad Granam Rad! de Abbehale que vocat’ Birchenegrof Et fic ab ilia Grana ufq ad quendam Sichettu qui vocatur RanerammelTych Et fic a dco Sichetto ufq ad molendinu quod vocatr Seynaresmulle Et fic a dco molendino ufq ad quandiii terramque vocat' Brune-ftoqe Et fic a dca terra ufq ad fraxinu ex opposito Domus Rici-Babbe Et fic a dco fraxino ufq ad locu qui vocat' Zonge Et ab illo loco ufq ad pontem qui vocat' le Heghbrugge. Et fic ab illo ponte procedendo Elnetonefmerch Et Cadelefpull ufq ad locu qui vocat' le Forde Et fic ab illo loco procedendo Maple-trennefhull ufq ad locu qui vocatr Haffehull Et fic ab illo loco ufq ad quendam locu qui vocat' Ganelefgate Et de Ganelefgate afcendendo ufq ad duftu de Game Et fic afcendendo ty* eundem dudum ufq ad Sichettu qui vocat’Timbruggefich Et fic afcendendo dcu Si-chettfi inter Bofc Abbis de Flaxeley Et Bofcu Gilberti Talebotufq ad quendam locu qui vocatur Hepper-scherde et de Hepperscherde ufq ad quandam semi-tam que vocatur le Yufty Et fic ab ilia femita ufq ad terra que vocat' Palmer frudeinge et fic ab ilia terra descendendo ufq ad quendam duftu ducentem de magna Dene ufq Hope Et fic transeundo ultra dcm dudu ex opposito cujufdam Haycie que vocatr Ber-tehegge sequendo dcam Hacyam ufq ad fontem qui vocat' Havec Well Et fic descendendo in Sichetto dci fontis ufq ad Sichettu qui vocat' Hepewellebrok Et fic afcendendo ‘fp’ eundm Sichettu ufq ad fontem qui vocat' Hopefwell ubi rede Bunde et mete prdce jncipiunt ET DICUNT quod quicquid eft a finiftris infra dcas Bundas eft Foresta Et quicqd eft a Dextris extra dcas Redas Bundas et Antiquas debet dea-

'funii. 587,

foreftari fecdm tenor Carte Dn! Henci Regis Angl prls Dn! Regis nunc. In cujus Rei Testimoniu prctci Juratj huic ambulacoi Sigilla fua appofue-runt Et Jurati quefiti qualit' fciont qd Dns J. Rex Avus Dili Regis nunc afforeftavit o!a prdca Tene-menta Dicunt qd ex relatu Antecessor fuor et Comune dcm patrie.

This is a true Copy of the Record in the Tower of London, having been examined.

Robert Lemon, Chief Clerk.

N" 5.

A Note of the Froceedings at the Justice Scat held for the Forest of Deane at Gloucester Ca file, the iothof7«/y 1634, before the Right Honble.

Henry Earle of Holland, Lord Chief Justice in Eyre, assisted by Mr. Justice Jones, Mr. Baron Trevor, and Sir John Bridgem Chiefe Justice of Chester, as it was delivered to the King by

S' John Finch.

On Saturday the Twelfth Day of July 1634, in the Presence of the Grand Jury, being XV, the Twelve Jury Regarders, all the Officers of the Forreft, and the Regarder* Fairemen and Reeve of the several Townelhipps within the Forreft: The Matter concerning the Perambulation of the Forreft was solemnly debated.

The King’s Council produced Two ancient Perambulations, One in the i ith of Hen. the III", and the »*th Henry in other in the 10th of Edward the Ift. both agreeing that ,0,hE(lwdi« the Bounds of the Forreft began at Gloucester Bridge, and so went to Monmouth Bridge, and Bridge,

and came round again by the Severne to Gloucester, taking in all those Seventeen Towns.

TheCouncell for the Towns produced aPerambula-tien in 26th Edwd Ift. and another in 28th Ift. ^£^1* both agreeing that the Seventeen Towns were not anciently Forreft, but were afforested by King John, and so by the Statute of Charta de Forrefta ought to be dif-afforested; and produced also Letters Patents in 29th sjth Ed^ 1. EdwdIft. whereby that Perambulation of 28th ifhEdw1*!.

Ift. was confirmed j and lastly, infilled upon an Act of Parliament in 10th Edwd 11111, whereby the Perambu- 10th Edw* in lation made in the Time of EdzvJ the Ift. were confirmed: And they urged also the long and constant Usage ever since, agreeing with the Perambulation of 28th Edwd Ift, concluding that by the Lawe the Meetes *sth Edw<i I. and Boundes ought not to be questioned contrary to that Perambulation, confirmed by Letters Patent, and an Act of Parliament.

The King’s Councell replied that the Perambulation of 28th Edwd Ift. and so consequently that of the iSthEdw1!. 26th EdwdIft. were false and erronious Perambula- *6thEdwJi. tiens, prejudiciall to the King, and contrary to the Charter of the Forest; and whereas by that Charter of the Forreft no Difaftoreftacon should be of any Lands that were afforested before Henry the Second’s Time, Henry'll. nor any of the King’s Demesne Lands, though afforested after th£ Beginning of the Reign of Henry the Second.

Yet this Perambulation did disafforeft those Seventeen Towns aforesaid by King John;whereas the Truth

was, they were Forrefto" long before, and divers of them were of the King’s own Demeafne Lands, and for that Cause the Proclamation of the 28th Edwd Ift. was afterwards revoked, as a void and erroneous Perambulation; and to prove if, produced an old Re- Record fn Town-cord in the Tower which had no Date, but by the w'thout

Body of the Recoid it appeared to be after the 28th a*‘

Edwd Ift. reciting it as a void and revoken Thing.

For the long Usage it was answered that non Iter in Eyre had been there since 10th Edwd Ift. and no lothEdw1!. Man could say what was the Usage: But divers of

those

A. 1788

33d EJwd I. 19th Edwd I*

lOthEdw* HI. 28th Edwd It

*8th Edw* I.

icth Edwdl.

10th Edw* I.

ifth & 28th Edw* I.

nth Henry III. 10th Edwd I.

nth Henry III. 10th Edwd I.

a8th Edwd I.

19th Edwd I.

10th Edwd III.*

QiJ«re 10th EdwJ I. in Force.

t2th Henry III. xoth Edw1 1,

588 18° Junii.

those Towns had firtce claimed Comon in the Forreft, which shewed they took themselves to the Forreft, and not to the Purliewe; because, by

t*, 33d Edwd Ift. no Perlieu Man can have Comon

within the Forreft.

For the Confirmation in the 29th Ift. it was answered. That the Perambulation being void and er-ronyous, the Letters Patent confirming it were also void, the King doing it upon false Informations; and for the Act of Parliament in the 10th III4, that did not confirm the Perambulation of 28th Ift, by Name, but tho Perambulations throughout England, of all the Forreftsmade in the Time of Edward the First, generally.

And therefore that of 28th Edwd Ift. being a void Perambulation, the Act of Parliament wrought not upon that, but had his Operation upon the Perambulation of 10th Edwd 1ft. which was within the Words of that Act, as well as the 28th Ift. and was within the Meaning, being a true Perambulation, apd demanded Judgment of the Court, whether this Ques-tien of the Boundes wtere not, for all the Reasons aforesaid, agreeable to Lawe.

To which the said Judges Assistant answered. That it was legall, and not contrary to the Act of Parliament in 10th Edwd Ift. and left it to the Country to consider of the Record of the Tower produced by the King’s Councell, as an Evidence to overthrowe the Perambulations of 26th and 28th Edwd lft.; and if those Perambulacon were void, it must follow that the Perambulations of 12th HenryIIId. and 10th Edwd In. were true ones.

The Grand Jury and the rest went together; and the Afternoon of that Day being called, but not agreed, they desired further Time of the Court, as a Matter of great Waight, which was granted.

On Monday the Grand Jury and the rest brought in their Verdict touching the Perambulation, which was to this Effect:

Wee agree that the Meetes and Bounds of the Forreft of Deane ought to be according to the Perambulacon made in the j2th Henry IIId. and 10th Edwd Ift. i but because we find the Perambulacon of 28th Edwd I*, to be granted by Patent of 29th Edwd Ift. and because of the Act of Parliament in 10th Edwd IIId. and a Possession of Three hundred and odd Years, concurring the rewithal: Wee therefore refer it to the Judgement of this Honble. Court, whether the Perambulation of 28th Edwd I*, ought to (land in Force.

Whereupon the King’s Councell moved the Judges to deliver their Opinion for the Matter in Law, which they all agreed on as before; and then the King’s Councell moved the Jury, since when their Verdict in Law was satisfied by the Judges, that they would agree to leave out the latter Part of their Verdict, and let the First Part only (land for their Verdict j viz1.

We agree that the Meetes and Boundes of the Fo-rest of Deane ought to be according to the Perambulation made 12th of Henry IIId. and 10th Ift.; to which the Grand Jury, the Twelve Regarders, the Officers of the Forreft, and the Fairemen and Reeve, subscribed their Names thereunto.

By this the King hath much enlarged the Forreft of Deane, and all within the XVII Townes aforesaid were fearfull they lliould have been questioned for many Things done contrary to the Forreft Law , but the King’s Counccll, in Regard of their being but new brought in, and long Ul'age, thought it not fitt to proceed with any of them at that Justice Seat.

Copied from a Paper received from Mr. John Matthews, Steward of the Swanimote and Attachment Courts of the Forest of February 5, 1788.

N* 6.

Extracts from an Indenture under the Great Seal of England, dated 20th February, 15 Charles I. between the King on the one Part, and Sir John Wintour, Knight, on the other Part.

Whefeas# by a Sufvty of the Forest of Deane, taken by Sir William Masters, Knight, Sir Robert Cooke, Knight, Sir Walter Pye, Knight, Nathaniel Steevens, Esquier, James Kirle, Esquire, Adrian May, Esquier, and Henry Steevens, Gentleman, Comlfiioners for that Service, by virtue of his Majesties Commission to them and others directed, bearing Date the Eight and Twentieth Day of November, in the Fourteenth Year of his Majesties Reign, that now is, which Commission and Survey do now remain of Record in his Majesties Court of Exchequer: It did appear unto his Majesty, that all the Wood, Underwood, and Trees of that Forest (excepting the )

did contain but One hundred Fifty-three thousand Two hundred and Nine Cords of Wood, or thereabouts, and Sixty-one thousand Nine hundred Twenty and eight Tons of Timber, or thereabouts, of which Quantity of Timber there was but Fourteen thousand Three hundred and Fifty Loads of Ship. Timber: And whereas his Majesties Iron Workes within the said Forest, being then in Grant for Eighteen Years then to come, or thereabouts, to Sir Baynebam Throgmorton and Sir Sackville Crew, Baronets, John Taylor, and John Gunning, of Bristol, Merchant, who by the same Grant were to take every Year during the said Term of the Woods of the said Forest the Quantity of Twelve thousand Cords of Wood, besides the Roots and Spray, all which Proportion it was conceived that his Majesties said Wood would not hold out above Eleven Years, or thereabouts, so as by that Time the Yearly Relit which his Majesty then received for the same would fail; and considering that upon the same Survey so taken as aforesaid, it had been certified unto his Majesty, that the Trees of the said Forest were generally decaying, his Majesty upon mature Deliberation did at Length resolve to improve the same Forest for his own Benefit, and for the common Good: Whereupon a Commission under his Majesties Great Seal of England, beai'ing Date the Sixteenth Day of May last, was directed to Sir Charles Harbord, Knight, his Majesties Surveyor General, John George, Esquire, William Morgan, Esquire, John Smith, Esquire, William Singleton, One of the Aldermen of the City of Gloucester, and others in the same Commission named, to be executed by them, or any Three or more of them, and returnable in his Majesty’s Court of Exchequer at a certain Day or Time now past; and certain Articles and Instructions, by Direction of the same Commission, were given them in Charge under the Hands of the said Lord Higk Treasurer of England, and Chancellor of his Majesties Exchequer, for and touching an Improvement or Inclosure to be made for his Majesty out of the Waft of the said Forest, by virtue of which Commission, and according to which Instructions, the said Sir Charles Harbord, &c. did repair unto the said Forest on the Eleventh Day of June last past, and having given ftifficient Notice and Warning to all and singular the Lords «rfd Chwners of Mannors, Freeholders, and Commoners within the said Forest, then and there to be and appear before them the said Sir Charles Harbord, &c. and divers of the said Lords, Freeholders, and Commoners, appearing accordingly, they the said Sir Charles Harbord, &c. did there publish and declare unto them the said Commission and Instructions, and afterwards did personally view and survey, as well the Inclosures as the Wastes of the said Forest, and took

x into

T

io Geo. Ill* iS° J

into their Consideration the Nature and Quantity of the fame, and which and how much of the several Parishes, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, lying within or near the said Forest, then had, or ought then to have, Right of Common within the said Waft, and which and how many of them had not any such Right, either by Reason of Unity of Possession (the fame, together with the said Forest and Wastes, having been at one and the same Time in the Hands of the Crown) or by Reason that the same appears to have been affarted and inclosed out of the said Wafts, as well by Matter of Record, as by Testimony of Witnesses, or such as before that Time had been within the said Forest, and deafforested by Preambulation made in the Time of the late King Edward the First, or confiding of new-erected Houses and Cottages set upon Part of the said Waste, whereunto no Common could of Right belong, or their being in the Hands of his Majesty, his Fee Farmers or Lessees, without any Grant, or Right of Common, within any of the said \yaftes, or such as for other good Causes had not any Right of Common there at all: And after several Days spent in the View and Confederations aforesaid, and Perusal of several Maps and Admea-furements made of the said Wastes by expect Surveyors, specially assigned thereunto, and by the same Surveyors tendered unto the said Sir Charles &c. upon their corporal Oaths, taken before the said Sir Charles Harbord, Sec. by virtue of his Majesties

said Commission to them and others directed as aforesaid, in the Presence of the said Commoners, thereby to enable them the said Sir Charles &c. to

proceed justly and indifferently, according to their best Judgments and Discreations, in the setting out of the said Approvement as by the same Commission and Instruiftions they were commanded; they the said Sir Charles Harbordy &c. did enter into a Treaty with the said Commoners appearing before them, being the most able and substantiall Freeholders and Commoners then inhabiting within the several Parishes, Hamlets, and Villages, of the said Forest; and upon much Debate had with them the said Comoners, they the said Sir Charles Harbord, &c. did proceed to make a Com-

position and Agreement with them in Writing, for and touching the Approvement of the Waste of the said Forest, to be made for his Majesty’s Use and Benefit by virtue of his Majestic’s said Commission and Instructions; (that is to say) that Four thousand Acres of the said Waste should be left open *nd in Common unti the said Commoners, whereof One Fourth Part Should be subdivided and applied to the Use of the Poor of the said several Parishes respectivelyj and that his Majesty would be graciously pleased that the same Four thousand Acres, together with the said severall Manors, Messuages, Lands, and Tenements of the said Commoners, assenting as aforesaid, should be absolutely deafforested: And, that the said Four thousand Acres Should by expect Surveyors, upon their Oaths, and by the View and Approbation of them the said Sir Charles Harbord, &c. and of divers of the said Comoners, be set out and distinguished by certain Meets and Bounds from the Residue of the said Wastes; and that the Residue of the same Wastes, consisting of much mountainous and hilly Ground, bar'd to be measured, but certified upon Oath of the Surveyors to contain Sixteen or Seventeen thousand Acres, or thereabouts, Should be forthwith inclosed and made Several for his Majesties Use; and that fit and convenient Highways Should be left in and through the fame; and that the Lea Bayly, being a Part of the said Forest, containing the most and best Ship Timber there within the Wood-Wardship of Cefar F.f-

quire, and being excepted out of the said Commission and Instructions, Should be left open and in Common under the Charge of the said Woodward, until his Majesty Should be pleased to indofe the fame; Which Vot. XLIII.

said Composition and Agreement, so made in Writing as aforesaid, was subscribed not only by the said Sir Charles Harbord, &c. but also by the said Commoner#

then present (few or none of them dissenting). After which Agreement so made and subscribed by the said Commoners then present, and divers others of the Freeholders and Commoners of the said Forest then not present, who did afterwards consent and subscribe thereunto, the said Sir Charles Harbord, &c. in further Pursuance of the said Commission and Instructions to them and others directed and given as aforesaid, and in Obedience to his Majesty’s moil gracious Letters under his Signe Mannuall to them directed, bearing Date the Fifth Day of Auguj last past, whereby his Majesty did signify his Royal Approbation of the said Approvement and Agreement, and commanded them to proceed effectually therein, did at several other Days and Times appointed for that Purpose, personally again view the said Wastes, and the said several Parishes, Manors, and Lands thereunto adjoining, in the Company of many of the said Commoners,' there having been sufficient public Notice and Warning thereof given unto them all: And thereupon, with the Advice and Assistance of the said Commoners, and divers others present, the said Sir Charles Harbord, did proceed to apportion and set out the said Four thousand Acres, in fit and convenient Places, to remain in Common according to the said Agreement: And having so set out the fame, they the said Sir Charles Harbord, Sec. did cause the same to be particularly surveyed, measured, bounded, and distinguished, by expect Surveyors, thereunto sworn, and authorized by them the said Sir Charles And after the same was so surveyed, measured, abutted, and bounded, the said Sir Charles , See.

did again, at certain other Days and Times, personally view and observe the fame, assisted with divers of the said Commoners, upon public Notice thereof again to them given as aforesaid; and thereupon they the said Sir Charles Harbord, See. did cause such Alterations to be made therein as they conceived to be meet and agreeable to the Desire of divers of the said Commoners, and best for their Use and Commodity j And then they the said Sir Harbord, Sec. did

give Order and Direction for the Inclosure of the said Residue with sufficient Mounds and Fences, for his Majesties own Use and Service, leaving fit and convenient Highways in and through the fame, for the Use and Service of His Majesty and the Country; And the said Sir Charles Harbord, Sec. did then take a perfect Note or Entry in Writing from the said Commoners, so consenting and subscribing as aforesaid, of their several Messuages, Lands, and Grounds within the said Forest, to the End the same might be deafforested according to the said Agreement: All which the said Sir Charles Harbord, Sec. have certified in Writting into his Majesties Court of Exchequer, together with the Boundaries of the said Four thousand Acres set out as followeth; (that is to say) On the Part of the said Forest, next the Parishes of Lidney and Aure, Five hundred and Fifty Acres, extending from a Mark made in the Ground near the Middle of the Wall of a certain Parcel of Pasture Ground of one Mistress James, called Sulla Field, towards Lydney on the South-West Part, in a strait Line to a Mark in the Ground in Harbrook Hll; Northways from thence in a strait Line, to a Mark made in the Ground in a little Valley in or near the Middle of Blakeney’s; Northeaftward from thence in a right Line Northward, unto the Corner of the Hedge or Mound of a certain Parcel of Wood Ground, called The and abutting upon the same Northward unto another Parcel of Wood Ground called Collett, and so extending along the said Ground Northward unto the Several of Aure, and on all other Parts thereof abutting upon the Several Ground and Purlieu of Lidney and

7 L

goo 18° Junii. . 1788. '

Aure aforesaid: On the Part next the Parish of Ruar-dean.Three hundred and Fifty Acres, extending in a right Line from a Mark made in the Ground near the Hedge of a Close called The near Buttocks End, Northward, unto another Mark made in the Ground in the Bottom near Drybrooke South-Eastward from thence in a right Line to a Mark made in the Ground on the Hill called The Pludd, near the Hedge of a Ground of one Thomas Smart, in the Parish of Ruar-deane; Southweftward from thence in aright Line to a Mark made in a Hill called Hawdejlowe Hill, Northweftward, and from thence to the upper End of brooke Middle Forge Pond, Westward, and so extending along the said Pond to the Head thereof, and thence to certain Marks made in the Ground near the Middle of Moorewood, and so to the upper Way leading toward

Lidbrooke, Northward, and on all other Parts abutting upon the several Grounds of Ruardeane and The Mojfes aforesaid: On the Parts next the Parish of Five hundred Acres, extending in a right Line from the Corner of a Wall of a Coppice called Viftall Grove, in the Parish of St. Briavells aforesaid, to a Mark made in the Ground in The Combe, near Sir Charles Cetchmaies House, called in the Parish

aforesaid; Northweftward from thence in a straight Line to a Mark made in the Ground near the Corner of a Close called Honyfield near in the

Parish of St. Briavells aforesaid, Southward from thence abutting upon the Inclosures of Brockweare to Meerebrooke, Southeaftward, and so along the said Brooke between Hudnell and Northeaftward,

near unto the Inclosures of St. Briavells, and abutting on all other Parts upon the said Harthill, and the several Grounds of Saint Briavells aforesaid: On the Parts next the Parishes of Littledeane, Flaxley,

'Mitchell Deane, and 'The Lea, Eight hundred Seventy-six Acres, whereof Eight hundred Acres in Mitchell Deanes Meene, Little Deanes Meene, and extending from the Corner of a Ground called Braines Meene, in the Parish of Littledeane, next Ayewood, Southward, in a straight Line up to a Beech marked in the Hedge of the said Wood, called Aye-wood; Northward from thence in a right Line along or near the said Woodfide to a Mark made in the Ground near to a Close of one Callowe, called The Mojfes, Northweftward, and abutting upon all those Severalls called The Mojfes, between the Two Meenes, unto the Middle of the Hedge of them next Mitchell Deanes Meene \ from thence extending Northward to other Pasture Grounds called The Mojfes, and so abutting Southward upon the said Grounds to Buttocks E>ul\ from thence along the Brooke called Drybrooke, to Manjell Hope Purliews, Westward, and so abutting upon the said Purliew, and Blackwells Meadows, Northward, to the Corner of them; from thence extending in a right Line to the Corner of Lea Bayly, and Lynyewcod, Northward, and to the Inclosures of

Mitchell Deane, Eastward, and so abutting upon the several Grounds of Mitchell Deane, and Abenhall, Northward, to a Way leading towards Abenhall-, from thence extending in a right Line to an Oak marked in Edgebill, Southward; from thence along between the said Edgebill and Little Deanes Meenes to the Corner of a Close of Mailer Brayne, in the Parish of Little Deane, Eastward, and so abutting upon the Inclosures of Little Deane and the said Ground called Master Braynes Meene, to the Corner thereof aforesaid: Also in Abbott Wood, Seventy and Six Acres, extending from the Pondhead at South-

wards, along the Way which divideth Ayewood and Abbott Wood,-up to the Corner thereof next Saint

Whittes; Northeaftwards from thence, abutting upon the Inclosures o (Saint WhitesSoutheaftward, to the

lower Corner of them; from thence extending in a right Line on the Edge of the Hill in Wood to a

Mark there made in the Ground Southeaftwards; from

thence in a right Line down to a Mark made in the Ground near Sinderford Brooke; Southwards from thence along the said Brooke to Sinderford Pound aforesaid: On the Parts next the Parish of Newland and the Hamlets or Villages of Clowerwall and

Colford, Nine hundred Acres, extending from the lower Corner of a Garden in Brookehollins, in the Occupation of one Anjell Callaies, on the North Part, unto a new Mark made in the Ground in Breams Eaves, near about Sixty-four Poles from the Corner of a Fledge below St. Anns Cross Oak; Northweftward from thence in a right Line extending Northweftward unto another Mark made in the Ground by the Way-Side in Oak Wood, over-against the lower Corner of Noxen Park, about Nineteen Pole distant from the Park; from, thence in a right Line extending Northweftward unto another new Mark made in the Ground by the Way-Side coming out of Oak Wood into the Blind Meene; from thence in a right Line by Oakewood Eaves abutting on certain Ground called The Lords Leafues, and so abutting on The Lord's Leafues and the Inclosures adjoining unto a new Mark made in the Ground at the lower Corner of the said Inclosures Northward; from thence in a right Line extending Northwards unto another new Mark made in the Ground over-against Millewall, above Gorjly Knowle; from thence in a right Line Northward unto one other new Mark made in the Ground over against Collow Lane, near Forty Pole from the South Corner thereof; from thence in a right Line to another new Mark made in the Ground in Colfords Eaves, about Eighty Poles distant from the Corner of a Ground on the East Side of Blind Lane Stile from thence in a right Line extending Westwards unto a Mark made in the Ground by a Gate entering into a Close of one Malter Carpenters, East wards, and on all other Parts abutting upon the Inclosures, adjoining to Breeme, Clowerwall and Coleford: On the Parts next the Parish of Stanton, Two hundred Acres, extending from a Mark made in the Ground near Matter Carpenters Barn, on the South Part, in a right Line, unto another Mark made in the Ground near unto a Gate entering intoaLeafue called The Sterts Northweftward, and on all other Parts abutting upon the Inclosures of Maylejcott and Coleford: On the Parts next the Parish of Byckner and Lidbrooke, Three hundred and Fifty Acres, extending from the upper Corner of Easthacb Meene, Northwards, in a right Line, to a Mark made in the Gutter leading from Whitecak into the Brook near Lidbrook-, Southeaftwards from thence up the said Brooke unto a Mark made over the Side thereof, and so extending Southward unto a Mark made near Cannopwall; from thence along by Cannopwall unto another Mark made in the Ground near Cannopwall j Westward from thence in a right Line extending Northweftward unto the upper Corner of Whore Thornes, and on all other Parts abutting upon the Inclosures of Bickner aforesaid: On the Parts next the Parish of Newnham, all that Parcel of Ground called Bleythes Bayly, containing One hundred Seventy-four Acres, abutting on all Parts upon the Wood called Abbots Wood and the Inclosures adjoining to Rudell and Newnham: On the Parts next the Mannor of Rod-ley, and those Parts of Westbury which lie within the Hundred of Saint Briavells, and the adjacent Places which pretend Common in Walmore, One hundred Acres, whereof Ninety-five Acres and a Half in Walmore, extending from a Mark there made in the Ground over-against: Adfett Lane End-, Northward from thence in a right Line unco another Mark made in the Ground near unto a Bridge Handing upon the said Common adjoining to Northwood -, and on all Parts abutting upon the Severalls of the Parish of Westbury: The other Four Acres and a Half, all that Parcel of Ground called Northwood Greene, lying together, and is bounded round about by the Severalls

and

28 Geo. III. Junii. 591

and Lands of Northivocd, and the Severalls of the Parish of Westbury, as in and by the same Commifi-

fions and Instructions, and in and by a Certificate N* 7.

thereupon, made under the Hands of the said Sir

Charles Harbor d, John George, William Morgan, and Abstract of an Act for the Increase and Prefer-

John Smith, remaining of Record in his Majesties vation of Timber within the Forest of Dean,

Court of Exchequer, more fully and at large it doth 20th IP. Chap. 3d.

and may appear.

And his Majesty is further pleased and contented. The Act recites, that, Forasmuch as the Wood and and doth further covenant and agree to grant unto Timber of the Crown, which of late Years was very the said Sir John Wintour,his Heirs and Assigns, all great in Quantity and Value within the Forest of Mines of Iron, Cindars, Tin, Lead, and Coals, and was become totally destroyed, excepting what was Scarcity of Timber, all Quarrys of Millstones, Grindstones, and other Handing within the Woodwardship of ‘The Lea Bayly,

Stones, as well open as covert, lying and being in the so that fomqCourse was necessary to be speedily taken

Lands of any of his Majesties Subjects within the Pre- to restore and preserve the Growth of Timber for

ambulation of the same Forest, made in the Twenty- the future Supply of his Majesty’s Royal Navy,

seventh Year of the Reign of the late King Edward&c.

the First, reserved or lawfully belonging to his Ma- And then Enacts, That 10,000 Acres, Part of the

jesty, his Heirs and Successors; together with Liberty Waste Lands of the said Forreft, shall be endofed and

to digg in the same Lands for all such Mines and kept in Severalty for the Growth and Preservation of

Quarries, and to get out of the said Mynes and Quar- Timber; and that it shall be lawful for his Majesty,

ries the Iron, Cinders, Tin, Lead, and Coals, and his Heirs and Successors, to inclose, fever, and im-

likewise the Millstones, Grindstones, and other Stones, prove, within and out of the Waste Lands of the said

which shall be found there, and to lay the same in Forreft (the Whole containing by Estimation 23,000

convenient Places upon the Soil adjacent, and to do Acres) the full Quantity of 10,000 Acres of Statute

all Things necessary for the having, laying, taking, Measure, at 161 Feet to the Perch, whereof the said

and carrying away thereof; and his Majesty is further , Woodwardship of The Lea , containing 1,106

pleased and contented, and for himself, his Heirs Acres, to be Part; and also the Grounds called

and Successors, doth further covenant, grant, and nop Fellet, Buckholt, Beachinburjl, and Moyryjlock (con-

agree, to and with the said Sir John Wintour, his taining about 1,000 Acres, then belonging to or

Heirs, Executors, and Administrators, by these Pre- claimed by Bainjlree Maynard, Esqr, which, added

fents, that his said Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, to the 10,000 Acres, shall make up the full Quantity \

will be also pleased, in like Manner as aforesaid, to of 11,000 Acres to be enclosed as aforesaid) to be it,000 Acres to bs

grant unto the said Sir John Wintour, his Heirs and Part. The said 11,000 Acres to be set out, by virtue of inclosed*

Assigns, so much Myne of Iron and Cinders to be his Majesty’s Commission, out of such Part of the said taken within the afore-mentioned Four thousand Acres Waste Land as shall be found by the Commissioners set out as aforesaid, to remain in Common to and for most convenient to be enclosed, and most apt and the Use of the afore-mentioned Commoners and Poor, meet to produce Wood and Timber, and might be according to the Agreement aforesaid, as shall lcrve best spared from the Use of the Commoners and High-for the Maintenance of the Iron Works of the said ways. The Inclosures to be admeasured, set out, and Sir John Wintour, his Heirs and Assigns, within the enclosed, and the Quantities and Boundaries thereof Premises to be conveyed: And also all such Mines of returned into the Court of Exchequer, and the said Coals there as the said Sir John Wintour, his Heirs Inclosures to remain in Severalty in the actual Poflef-and Assigns, shall and may dig within the said Four fion of the Crown for ever, freed and discharged of thousand Acres, and make Use of, by and with the and from all Manner of Right, Title, and Pretence Consent of the said Commoners, with Liberty to dig whatsoever (excepting of Fee Deer) according to in the said Four thousand Acres for Myne or Mynes the Purport and Intent of the said Act, and shall be of Iron, Cinders, and Coale, or any of them, and to made and reputed a Nursery for Wood and Timbef lay the same in convenient Places upon the Soil only.

adjacent, and to do all other Things necessary for The Commissioners to fell decayed Trees, not be- Charges of making the having, laying, taking, and carrying away of the ing Timber, or which could ever prove Timber, to

fame. make and maintain the Inclosures, and purchase the defrayed.'

And his Majesty is further pleased and contented, Interest of the said Banijlree Maynard, in the Lands and doth covenant, grant, and agree, that he the said before mentioned, and the Inclosures to be perfected Sir John Wintour, and his Heirs, shall and may, from within Two Years.

Time to Time, and at all Times hereafter, at his or Whensoever the Lords of the Treasury or Chancel- when and how much

their Wills and Pleasure, fell, cut down, root and for of the Exchequer shall be satisfied that the Woods

flock up, all or any the Timber Trees, Woods, and and Trees on the said x 1,000 Acres, or any Part rity. y

Underwoods, growing and being not only in and thereof,' are become pad Danger of the Browsing of

upon the Premises so to be conveyed and assured as Deer, Cattle, or other Prejudice, and shall think fit

aforesaid, and the Four thousand Acres set out and to lay the fame, or any Part thereof, confiding of

allotted to and for the said Freeholders, Commoners, 5°° Acres or more, °Pen and in Common, and shall and Poor, and in and upon all Lands and Highways saule the same to be so done, his Majesty may inclose,

already set out, and hereafter to be set out, within the in lieu of so much as shall be laid open of the said

Limit'of the Preambulation aforesaid, but also all 11,000 Acres, the like Quantity out of any other Part The like Quantity t.

the Timber Trees and other Trees growing and being of the Residue of the said Wastes, to be set out by like *locloted*

in or upon the Park of Whitemead, within the said Commission and Admeasurement as aforesaid, and to

Forest. be holden inclosed, freed and discharged of and from

all Manner of Common Eftovers Herbage or Pannage, and other Rights (excepting Fee Deer as aforesaid) for so long Time as the same shall continue inclosed, to be a Nursery for Timber, instead of so much as shall be laid open.

Whensoever any Wood or Timber shall be directed Wood fit to be felled to be fallen in the said Forreft, the same shall be first ’ viewed, tic*./ y J

Ftnalty.

No Fee Trc^I to be allowed*

Forest Laws to be put in Execution*

All Grants of any Part of the Forest to be void.

Deer not to exceed too.

Recompence for Rights uken away.

In what Manner Rights shall be en-yed in the Forest.

18° Juniu 1788.

viewed, and allowed to be fallen, by Two or more Justices of the Peace, and shall not be cut or fallen until such View and Allowance, and until the said Justices shall have marked, with a broad Arrow and Crown, such Trees as are most fit to be preserved for Timber, upon every Acre intended to be fallen, and shall also have certified to the Lords of the Treasury the Names of the Places and Number of Trees (o viewed and allowed to be fallen, and lb marked to be preserved j and any Person cutting down any Wood or Trees before such View, Allowance, and Certificate, or afterwards cutting any of the said marked Trees without like Allowance, to forfeit for every Tree so fallen £. 20 to the Informer.

No Officer or other Person whatsoever to have or claim any Fee Trees out of the said Forreft on any Pretence whatsoever, but shall enjoy their usual Fees in the Game of Deer throughout the whole Forreft as formerly.

And after reciting that by former Experience it had been found that nothing did more conduce to the Raising, Increase, and Preservation of Timber and Wood within the said Wastes, than the Execution of the Forreft Laws, whilst the said Wastes were afforested, and kept under the Regard of the Forreft; it is enabled, that as well the said 11,000 Acres, as all other the Waste Lands aforesaid, shall be re-afforested and be governed by Forreft Law, and put under the Regard of the Forfeit, to the same Effect and in the same Manner as the same were in the Tenth Year of Charles ift. And all Articles, Agreements, Grants, and Charters made since that Time, concerning the disafforesting the said 23,000 Acres, or any Part thereof, to be void, and the same to be from thenceforth for ever deemed to be Forreft ;and new Elections be made of all Verderors, Regardors, and other Officers, for the Government of the said Forreft, according to the Forreft Law in that Behalf.

If any Person or Persons shall presume to take any Gift, Grant, Estate, or Incereft of or in the said Inclosures or Wastes, or any Wood or Trees growing thereon, or of or in any of the Mines or Quarries of or within the said Inclosures, or afiy Part thereof, the same to be void; and the Person or Persons obtaining the same is declared incapable to hold or enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest.

If his Majesty shall think fit to restore the Game of Deer within the said Forreft, the same shall noc exceed the Number of 800 Deer, of all Sorts, at any One Time.

To the End that some Recompence may be made to those Persons whose Right of Common within the said Inclosures is thereby taken from them, for the necessary Preservation of the Timber, it is enacted, that the Owners, Tenants, of any of the several Lands lying within the Bounds of the said Forreft (not being Part of the said Wastes or Inclosures) may at any Time cut down and dispose of the Timber Trees, Woods, or Underwoods growing thereon, at their own Wills and Pieafures, without Licence from the Justice in Eyre, and without Licence and View of any Officer of the said Forreft, and exempt from the Forreft Laws j also to manure and improve the said several Lands, by plowing, affarting, digging, inclosing, fencing, or building upon the fame, at their Will and Pleasure j and to keep any Sort of Dogs inexpeditated, and to hunt and kill any Beast of Chace, or other Game, in or upon the said several Lands, as if the same were not within the Bounds of any Forreft.

All Persons having Right of Common of Pasture or Pannage, or any other Rights, Fees, Liberties, or Privileges, within the said Forreft, shall enjoy the same in Manner following; (viz1.) their Right of Pannage from and after Miebas. 1687, and not before § and their Rights of Common of Pasture, and

all other the said Fees, Liberties, and Privileges, in and through such Waste Ground as shall not be enclosed as aforesaid, the Fence Month (viz.) for Fifteen Days before and Fifteen Days after the Feast of John the Baptist Yearly, and the Time of the Winter Heyning (viz.) from the nth Day of November to the 23d Day of Hpnl Yearly,.excepted; under and subject to the Forreft Law, in as ample Manner as the same might have been held and enjoyed in the 10th Year of King Charles the First.

Saving to all the Inhabitants of the Parish of S’ ProvifbforttielA- \ Brerills, for the Time being, within the Boundaries of {Labl"n,sof ?* ,

> . , _ ' . P, 1 i-« -i r Breril $ to tnjojrthe,

the said Forreft, their lawful Rights and Privileges or wood upon the taking, cutting, and enjoying the Wood growing in a Hudnalls. certain Place within the said Forreft, called |

as amply as if the said Act had not been made. ]

And also saving unto the Miners and Persons using Miner* Right* <md. the Trade of digging for Iron Ore, Coal, and Oker, in the said Forreft, their lawful Rights and Privileges 1

in all Lands and Grounds lying within the Perambulation and Regard of the said Forreft, other than the said Inclosures for the Time they shall continue inclosed.

/ This Act not to make void certain Letters Patent Not to make wid granted to Sir John Hint our, Kn‘, Francis Letter* P*ttnt»sii

and Robert Clayton, Esq", 30th Ju 14th IId, John Win,our« ' of certain Woods and Iron Works in the said Forreft, for a Term not then expired.

Nor a Lease granted to ‘Thomas Treston, Esqr, of nor a Leak to Lands in the said Forreft, called Great and Little Thom* Preston, Bradleys, Pig fade, Buckbolt Moor, and Stony Grove, then belonging to Dame Mary Stanhope.

The Lands called Maly Scot, and other Lands Land* granted to granted to Sir Edward Villiers, Kn1, and his Heirs, VlUi*1*

28 May, 1 Cha. I. not to be accounted any Part of p

the said 23,000 Acres to be inclosed, or lie waste to j

the Commoners* 1

If the Sum of £.1,500 Should not be paid to the ProvisoforBmilln* said Banijlree Maynard, his Heirs or Assigns, in lieu of Maynard, Efiy. his Estate in the said Lands, called Cannop Fellet,

Buckbolt’, Beechenburfi, and Moyry Stock, before the

24th of June 1669, he and they Should hold and enjoy the same Lands, any Thing in the said Act: contained to the contrary notwithstanding.

The Metes and Boundaries of the Forreft to be for Boundaries of die ever thereafter the same as they were commonly used, esteemed, and taken to be, in the 20th Year of King James Ift, and no other.

Any Lease made or to be made by his Majesty, his Heirs or Successors, for any Term not exceeding m*y

Thirty-one Years, of the Coal Mines and Quarries of Grindftone in any Part of the said Forreft, to be of like Force as if the said Act had not been made, except of such Coal Mines as are or shall be in any Parts of the 11,000 Acres allotted for his Majesty’s Inclosure, and as shall continue inclosed.

N* 8.

RETURN to a Commission, directed to Henry Duke of Beaufort, and others, concerning die Forest of Lean, 3 tVm and.

The Commission bears Date the 18th May, 3 and M. and is directed to Henry Duke of Lord Warden of the Forest, Harbord, Esq',

Surveyor General of the Crown Lands, Philip Ryley, EsqT, Surveyor General of the Woods, Sit* Duncomb Colchester, Kn', and William Cooke, Reginald Pindar, Edward Cooke, William Bovey, ‘Thomas Peck, John Vi-ney, and John Kirle, Esqr‘, empowering them, or any Four of them, to make Enquiry and Examination touching the Forest of Dean, according to the following Articles to the said Commission annexed:

1 Articles

28 Geo. Ill

18° Junii. 503

Articles of InftnnSHon to be executed and observed by their Majesty’s Commissioners within the Forest of Dean.

Imprimis 1. You or any Four of you (whereof the said Henry Duke of BeaufortWill" Philip

Ryley, Sir Duncomb Colchejleror William Cooke, to be One) are to repair to the said Forest, and there to view and perambulate the several Parts and Places thereof, as well inclosed as uninclosed, and to enquire and certify what Coppice Wood is now growing in the said Forest fit to be cut, and of what Growth, where the same is situate, and what Quantity may be cut for Seven Years, proportionably, One Year with another, and where and in what Places those Quantities may be cut in every of the said Years, how many Acres, according to your best Computation and Judgment, how many Cords in each Acre, and what the same may be sold for by the Acre or Cord, all Charges of cutting and cording being deduced; and if the whole Underwood Should be disposed of to any Person, with Liberty to cut the same in Twenty-one Years Time, upon a Covenant of repairing and keeping up the Inclosures, what you conceive such a Grant may be Yearly worth, to be granted One Year with another, and what you conceive may be the Consequence of such a Grant; whether you believe if will tend to the Preservation of the young Spring of Timber there, or be destructive thereunto, and what induces you to believe so; and whether there be in the said Forest great Number of Beech, and whether you conceive such Beech, and the principal Shoots upon old Stools, be not proper to be prclerved, as likely to become Timber; and what Number of Timber Trees or Saplings are growing in the Lea Baily, and in the Places particularly mentioned in the Act of Parliament 20th Cha’ IIJ. as Part of the Eleven thousand Acres by that Act to be inclosed for the Preservation of Timber, and what Underwood (if any) is fit to be cut in the said Forest, and whether such Underwood may be safely felled without Prejudice to the Growth of Timber there i and whether, if the Iron Works there should be again set up as formerly, the said Underwood would not amount to a greater Value per Cord, and how much, in your Opinion.

adly. Item, You or any Four or more of you (whereof, &c.) are to enquire and certify what the Charge of supplying and maintaining the Inclosures heretofore and lately made within the said Forest, in, by, and with all Manner of needful Reparations, as well of the Mounds and Stone Walls, as of the Gates, Stiles, and Foot Bridges leading to the fame, as also the Charges of any other Bridges necessarily required in any other Part of the said Forest, may Annually amount unto for the Term of Seven Years next ensuing, and so for Twenty-one Years.

3dly. Item, You are to certify what Coal Pits are taken into their Majesty's Inclosures, which might conveniently be left out (without Prejudice to the younger Woods) for the Benefit of the County, and what the Charge thereof may be.

4thly. Item, You are to inform and certify what the Salaries of the Officers of the said Forest do amount to per Annum, and how such Salaries have been usually paid to them j and whether St. Briavell’s Castle, and the Lodges, and the Inclosures to them belonging, are in good Repair, and if not, by whose Occasion or

You XLIII.

Neglect they are become so in Decay, and what the Charge thereof may amount to.

jthly. Item, You are to examine and give an Account what Quantities of Wood or Trees have been felled in the said Forest, pursuant to their Majesties Letters of Privy Seal, of the 28th April 1688, and how the same hath been disposed of, and at what Rates fold, and what Monies hath or might be raised to the Crown thereby, and whether the Persons employed therein have been careful to discharge their Duty; and you are likewise to enquire strictly into the Wastes and Spoils in the said Forest, which have been committed since the 13th February 1688, and particularly in what Condition you find their Majesties Inclosures, as to the Growth and Product of them, and also the Name or Names of every such Person or Persons that have committed any Spoils or Breaches, either in the young Woods or in the Mounds and Fences, or drive in any Cattle, or departure within the said Inclosures, or wilfully break down any of the said Inclosures, or set open any the Gates thereof, or hath digged any Mines, Coals, Tiles, or Cinder within the same, contrary to the Law, and what Damages their Majesties have sustained by such MifdoingSi and you are likewise to enquire if the Officers of the said Forest have been negligent or faulty therein; and if you find they or any of them have been so, that then you give Information thereof, that so a speedy Order may be taken to bring every Officer so offending to condign Punishment, and the like Exorbitances and Mischiefs maybe restrained and re-claimed for the future.

6thly. Item, You are to enquire how duly the Forest Courts are kept; and where and how all Sorts of Officers discharge their Duties, in the Preservation of the Coverts and Woods and Inclosures of the said Forest; and what Sums of Money have been paid at the Forest Courts by Trespasses for the King’s Use, and how accounted for j and who hath been guilty of refeueous or Pound Breaches; or whether any Cattle impounded have by any Order or Direction been discharged, otherwise than according to Law; and who do presume to cut Furze, burn Fern, departure Sheep, or keep Pigs in the said Forest, or any Cattle in the Fence Month or "Winter Haining, or dig or leave open any Sort of Pits or Quarries of Stone, and build Lime Kilns, and burn Lime, and by what Pretence of Right or do trespass and surcharge the Common of the said Forest, to the Prejudice of the young Woods; and what Stores of Cabins and Cottages arc in the said Forest, by whom erected or set up, and how the same may be best regulated or demolished.

7thly. Item and lastly, You are to call to your Assistance all or any the Officers of the said Forest, and all such knowing Persons inhabiting in those Parts, for your better Information in all or any the Particulars aforesaid, for their Majesties Service herein, or in any other Matter relating to the said Forest which you shall judge necessary to be enquired into; and you arc also to give your Opinion in all such Matters and Things whatsoever, which you may judge conducive to their Majesties Service in the better governing of the said Forest, according to the Intention of the said Act of Parliament; and to observe all such Orders as you shall receive from the Lords Commissioners of their Majesties Treasury, during t)ie Execution thereof.

7 M To

59+

i 8° Junii.

A. 1788

To the Right honourable Sir Robert Atkins, Kn* of the Bath, Lord Chief Baron of their Majesties Court of

Exchequer, and to the rest of the Barons there.

May it please your Lordftnps,

In pursuance of their Majestys Commission, under the Seal of their Majestys Court of Exchequer, to us and others directed, and of certain Articles of Instruction thereunto annexed, we whose Names are hereunto subscribed do humbly certify your Lordships,

That we have repaired to the said Forest, and carefully viewed and perambulated the several Parts and Places thereof, as well- inclosed as uninclosed; and find that there are great and valuable Quantities of Scrubbed Beech and Birch, with some Holly, Hazle, and Orle, fit to be cut anddisposed of; and, provided due Care be taken to preserve alj Oak whatsoever, the strait Beech, with the principal Shoot of such Beech as grow upon old Stools, and sufficient Shelter about them, in such Places where either the Thinness of their Growth, or being exposed to Weather, shall make it necessary, we conceive it will be confident with the Intent of the Act of Parliament, 20th Car. II4, for Increase and Preservation of Timber in this Forest.

The Quantities and Growth of the said Woods fit to be cut, the Places where situate, the Number of Acres, and Quantity of Cords on each Acre, according to our belt Computation and Judgment, together with the Values for which the same may be fold per Cord, all Charges of cutting and cording being deduced, as also the Quantity of Wood (besides Oak) that will be left (landing on each Acre, after the Fellets proposed have been made, are contained in the following Particulars:

N° of Acres. Years Growth. Cords on each Acre. Total of Cords to be cut. Cords left /landing.

In Aywood, of Scrubbed Beech, with some Birch — _ 300 5° 3° 9,000 15,000

Great Bourt and Little Bourt, Forked Beech — — 50 4° 20 1,000 1,000

Ruardean Inclosure, the Whole cont' 672 A. whereof — 100 45 20 2,000 6,000

Blayfe Bayly, most Beech — — — — 9° j 4 5 30 2,700 4>5°°

Bradley and Copes,most Beech and Birch — — 280 40 3° 8,400 14,000

Vyney Hill,most Beech — — — 80 40 30 2,400 4,000

Blackneys Eaves and Thorney Hill, most Beech — 200 40 3° 6,000 10,000

Morewood and Hangerbury, not to be cut — — 250 40 — 8,000

Lea Bally, Beech and Hade, about - — — 3,000

Headman's Cross, most Beech, very long < — — 250 45 40 10,000 12,000

Blackneys Bayly, Old Bally, Moseley Green, Beech and Birch — 40 40 20 800 1,200

MiJJytruJl, most Birch, well grown — — — 5° 40 20 1,000 3,000

LittleStaplidge, Putnedge, and thereabouts — — *5° 40 20 3,000 6,000

Edgebills and Badcocks Baily, most Beech and Haste — 200 40 3° 6,000 10,000

Little Ktnjly, Kenjly Edge, Rujhy Lawn, most Birch — 160 - 45 20 3,20° 5,400

Sturley Tufts, most Birch — — — - 100 45 20 2,000 6,000

Perrybay Ditch, Middle Rudge, Santly, Beech and Birch — 35° 40 20 7,000 14,000

Stonedge, most Birch — — — — i75 40 20 3>5°° 8,000

Old Vellett,most Birch and Beech — — — 60 40 20 1,200 2,000

Brockvere Hill, Brockvere Ditches, Beech and Birch — 200 4J 20 4,000 9,000

fVettwood, most Birch - 200 45 20 4,000 6,000

Br ernes Eves, Parkhill, Beech and Birch — — 15° 40 20 3,000 6,000

Daniel Moore, Orling Meers, Birch and Orle — — 200 40 20 4,000 6,000

About Fetter Hill, Stony Stile, IVynnolls, Cleeve, Birch Hill,of Beech and Birch — — — 34° 40 20 6,800 13>5°°

Tivey Tree Hill, Beech - 7° 45 20 1,400 3»000

Phelps Meadow, Beech and Birch — — 80 40 20 1,600 2,400

Darkehill, Churchhill, Iveymore Head, Little Fainnore, Hunters Beech, Oakwood, Barnhill, TVymberley Slade, Canop, Covcrham, and the rest of the Great Inclosure, being besides Waste — 4>9°° 40 20 98,000 245,000

Total — — 9,025 — — 192,000 423,500

1

To be cut 192,000

Short Cords of Wood, at 4 s. 10d. per Cord, clear of cutting and cording, amounts to the Sum of — — —

d.

46,400 — —

To be left 423,500 D*, at the same Value, amounts to

102,345 16 8

Total present Stock, besides Oak, 615,500 Short Cords, at 4J. 10 — 148,745 *6 *

Which Woods, being near of equal Growth, may be cut in the Order afore sett down, and in such Proportions as your Lordships shall think fit; but we are humbly of Opinion the Quantity ought not to exceed 12,000 Cords in any Year.

By

X

28 Geo. III. i8 ° Junli.595

By the Account aforesaid, if the Underwbods (certified as fit to be cut) which may be sold at to Cord, clear of cutting and cording, be cut in Seven Years, the same will yield the Sum of £. 6,628. 1 5. per

Annum during that Term; and if the whole called Underwoods (Oak excepted) be disposed of to any Person, with Liberty to cut the same in 21 Years Time, upon a Covenant of repairing and keeping up the Inclosures (as mentioned in the First Article) the Stock which such Person may take off in that Time (as appears by the Account aforesaid) is wo.rth, upon a moderate Computation, the Sum of £. 148,745. 16. 8.: And it does not >4*>74j. appear but that such Person may cut some Parts of the said Woods Twice in the said Term of 21 Years, by which the Value will be proportionably augmented, tho’ cannot be ascertained by us; but we suppose such Second Fellet may amount to the Sum of £.60,000 more, or thereabouts. 60,000

The Repairs of the Inclosures will be inconsiderable, and may be done for about £. 100 per Ann.

IV" Cooke. J. Viney. Reginald Pyndar, ~~ '

Jo. Kyrle. . Pb. Ryley,

It is very difficult to determine how mifeheivous and fatal the Consequences of such a Grant will be, not only in respect of this Forest but of the Nation in general, especially when the Consumption of our Naval Timber is so very great, and our Occasions for it not inconsiderable. Doubtless, besides the cutting down many Thousands of streight Beech that will be fit for their Majestys Naval Service, such a Grant would utterly destroy the Forest, which is now perhaps the bed Nursery for a Navy in the World, and has been of that Esteem as to havejuftified the Labours of our Enemies for its Destruction, and the Care and Endeavours of several Parliaments, since the Year 1660, for its Preservation: And so very tender of this Forest was the Parliament Anno 1663, that when a Grant, like what is now proposed, had almost ruined it, that Honourable House thought it worthy their Care to refeue it, and re-aftumed many Grants that had been made to private Persons, and compounded for others at a great Charge, and did then, by a particular A(ft of Parliament for that Purpose, endeavour to prevent any Lease or Grant to be made of any Part thereof, or the Woods growing the rein, to any Person whatsoever, as by the said Statute does appear in these following Words: " And, that the said Forest and Premifies may be perpetually preserved and *c estated in the Crown for public Use as aforesaid, *c and may not be granted or disposed to any private «r Use or Benefit, Be it further Enacted, That in case any Person or Persons whatsoever shall presume to " take, or shall obtain any Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest, of or in the said Inclosures or Wastes, or any Wood or Trees growing thereon, or of or in any of " the Mines or Quarries of or within the said Inclo-tl sures, or any Part thereof, every such Gift, Grant, " Estate, and Interest shall, ipso be null and

" void, and the Person or Persons so taking or obtaining the same shall be, and is hereby made and " declared utterly disable and uncapable to have, hold, or enjoy any such Gift, Grant, Estate, or Interest."

Anno 1674 (as had been in 1662) it was proposed that if'his then Majesty would repair the old Iron Works in this Forest, and make an Addition of One Furnace and Two Forges (which might be done for £. 1,000) and cause the spareable Woods to be cut and converted into those Works, that then every Eight thousand long Cords of Wood so converted Should yield a Profit, over and above the Value of 8 s. per long Cord, and clear of all Charges, the Sum of

£.2,190.

Yet upon Consideration that the eretting such Works, and supplying the same with the Quantities of Wood necessary for that Purpose, migh/ endanger a great Waste in this Forest, if not the Destruction thereof, it was advised rather to pull down the old Iron Works, than erect new; and the old Iron Works were pulled down, and the Materials fold accordingly; and the same Reasons do still remain against any new Works, and have this Addition, that their Majestys Woods are now fold for One Shilling

and Eight Pence each long Cord more than the same was at that Time valued.

It may be taken Notice of also, the great Difficulty with which the many Freeholders that had Right of Common, and other Privileges, in this Forest, were prevailed with in the Year 1665 to submit the same to the Crown for inclosing the said Forest, according to the Statute 20th Car. IP; many of the same Persons are yet living, and would doubtless be concerned to fee the Profit of it in any private Hands, when they have freely parted with theirs for the public Utility; and we are credibly informed, that if any such Grant pass, the Freeholders do intend to prefer a Petition to be restored to the Rights of Eftovers enjoyed by them before the making the said Statute 20th II*.

And altho* we do certify that fomcWoods mentioned in our foregoing Particular may be cut, yet, considering the great Care and Caution that hath hitherto been had to make this Forest useful to the Navy (as appears by what has been before recited) and the flourishing Condition to which it is now arrived; and add to this, how natural it is, and certain will be, for any Person who can obtain such a Grant (as is mentioned in the First Article) to consult his own Advantage, not the Preservation of the Forest; and that Experience acquaints every Woodman that it is hard to preserve in Coppice Woods what ought and is intended to be left by those that design an Increase of Timber; we can by no Means (if the Act of Parliament would admit thereof) think it adviseable to make a Grant so certainly destructive to the Forest as this proposed, nor that the making the said Fellets should be entrusted in any other Hands than thepre-sent Officers, who have, in those Places whereinto they have brought their Majestys Axe, given sufficient Testimony of their Care in observing the Rules afore prescribed for making the said Fellets, and preparing every Thing fit to be left for the Increase and Preservation of Timber, according to the Statute 20th Chai IP. in that Behalf made.

The Lea Bayly is now a Spring of Oak and Beech of 4, 5, and 6 Years Growth, but much cropped and spoiled by Cattle, by Reason the Inclosures made for the Preservation thereof have, in the Night, been several Times pulled down and destroyed by Persons unknown. The other Places particularly mentioned in the Act of Parliament as Part of the 11,000 Acres, are geiTerally very well grown with Oak and Beech of 50, 40, and 30 Years Growth and under, many Thousands of them being 40 Foot and upwards, without a Bough to hurt them, but their Number cannot well be known by Reason of the Thickness of their Growth, and of great Quantities of other Sort of Wood that will never be fit for the Navy, and is proposed to be cut in Part as aforesaid.

To the 2d. — We have also enquired what the Charge of supplying and maintaining the Inclosures heretofore and lately made, with all needful and necessary Reparations, may amount unto; and find, that the Fences necessarily to be repaired are only the Lea 3 ,

5q6 i8C Junti. A. 1788*

Bayly, Chejnutts Coppice, Edghills and Ruardeane Inclosures, and ‘The Fence, which contain about 2,400 Acres, and may be repaired for the Sum of £. 137. ior. The other Parts and Places formerly

inclosed are not necessary to be repaired, being grown pad Danger of Prejudice from Deer or Cattle; and the Fences of the said 2,400 Acres, when repaired, may be so kept by the Annual Allowance of L 30 made the Keepers for that Purpose, unless in case of some Accident, or pulling down by the Rabble, as hath been sometimes done.

To the 3d. — There are but Six Coal Pits within all or any their Majestys Inclosures, and of those Places, the Inclosures being generally down, and not necessary to be repaired, the Wood therein being of a Growth pad Danger, the Country are not incommoded or prejudiced in that Respect.

To the 4th. — The Salaries of the Conservators, and Six Keepers of this Forest, do amount to the Sum of £210 per Ann.and are usuallypaid at their Majesties Exchequer out of the Monies arising by Wood Sales in this Forest. — The Castle of St. Briavells, mentioned in this Article, hath been a very great and antient Building, but the greatest Part is ruined and fallen down, and only some Part kept up for a Place to hold the Courts in for the King’s Manor and Hundred of St. Briavells, and also for a Prison for Debtors attached by Process out of the said Courts, and for Offenders and Trespasses within the Forest. The same is very necessary to be repaired; and for mending the Roof and Tyling, and in glazing, plaister-ing, repairing the Prison Windows, and building a new Pound, &c. will cost the Sum of 10. 14. 2. There are Two Keepers Lodges, namely, Worcester Lodge, and York Lodge, that were pulled down by the Rabble in January 1688, arc absolutely necessary to be re-built, and will both require the Sum of 90, besides Twelve Tons of Timber, which we advise Should be rather bought than cut in the Forest, and will cost more, brought to the several Lodges, the Sum of £. 18. — The Speech House (the Place where the Courts are held for the Forest, and being the principal Lodge also) having been much defaced and spoiled by the Rabble at the same Time, will, over and above the Monies already laid out for Repairs of the Roof, cost the Sum of 109, besides Two Tons of Timber, and Carriage 50/.

To the 5th. — We have also taken an Account upon Oath from Charles Morgan, Deputy to the Surveyor of the Woods, of what Quantity of Wood hath been cut in this Forest pursuant to their Majesties Letters of Privy Seal, bearing Date the 28th April 1690, and find the same to be 6,186 ftiort Cords of Wood sold to Paul Foley, Esquire, at the Rate of 6 s. per Cord clear of Cording, which Rate of 6s. per Cord is equal if not exceeding the Value for which the Woods are fold in the County of Clouc; and we have also viewed the Places where the said Cordwood hath been cut, and find there is a very great Stock left upon the Ground for Timber, and all imaginable Care taken by the Officers employed in making the said Fellets, and preserving all the Stores and Saplings, with the principal Shoots of such Beech as grow upon old Stools, well Iheltered by other Woods, for the Improvement thereof.

We have also, according to the 5th Article of our Instructions, inquired what Offences have been committed in the said Forest since the 13th of February 1688; and, having received upon Oath the Present-.ments of several Woodwards, Keepers, and other Officers of the said Forest, concerning the same, have returned to your Lordships the Particulars thereof; ( viz'.)

The Preferments of the several Foresters, Keep-

ers, and other Officers of the said Forest of Dean, hereafter named, made, and delivered upon Oath to their Majesties Commissioners appointed to enquire of certain Articles of In-struction as aforesaid.

William Cough, Gentleman, One of the Keepers of the said Forest, doth present John Simons, of for cutting green Orle Wood in the said Forest about the Beginning of July last, 1692.

George Glajeyard and Joseph Bijell, Two of the Keepers of the said Forest, do present Edward Rocke apd James Drew, both of Little Dean, for cutting and carrying away a young Oak out of the said Forest, on the 28th Day of May 1689.

The same Edward Rooke, for building some Part of his House with Wood out of the said Forest, about the same Time.

Cum multis alijs.

And we humbly observe to your Lordships, that if some of the principal Offenders aforesaid be not made Examples to others, we have great Reason to believe, that whatsoever Inclosures are made or repaired for Increase and Preservation of the Woods or Lodges eretted for the Keepers to inhabit, the same will be demolished, as were those formerly. But as we have humbly represented to your Lordships that some of the principal Offenders at least Should be punished, so we hold ourselves obliged to represent also, that the Colliers of this Forest have. Time out of Mind, had an Allowance of Wood for Support of their Pitts, which Allowance hath been usually made unto them by Order of the Verderers, and taken by View of a Woodward or Keeper; but the said Allowance having been stopt for some Time, upon a Question of their Rights thereunto, they have taken the same without such Order or View, by which great Wastes are daily committed: For Prevention whereof, and that the said Colliers may be duly supplied, as we are humbly of Opinion they ought, we propose it as expedient, that: the said Allowance may be made to them by the Order of the Verderers at the Attachment or Swanimoot Courts, and taken by the View of a Woodward or Keeper, as formerly.

We have also enquired how duly the Forest Courts have been kept; and do humbly certify your Lordships that the same have been regularly held. But by Reason that the Attachment and Swanimoot Courts can only convieft, but not punish, the.Proceedings in either of them are ineffectual to the Preservation of the Forest without a Justice Seat; and the great Negligence of several of the Foresters and Woodwards in Fee, does much contribute to the Spoils committed in this Forest; but how far the Lands which are held and enjoyed by the said several Foresters and Woodwards for the Execution of those Offices, are inseperable from them, or forfeitable upon such Neglect of their Duties, is humbly submitted to your Lordships. We are informed by Mr. Rowley, Steward of the said Courts, that the Monies that have been paid at the Forest Courts by Trespassers, since their Majestys happy Accession to the Crown, does not exceed the Sum of Five Shillings.

We have endeavoured with all Exactness, according to the best of our Judgment, to answer all the foregoing Articles of our Instructions, and have con-fulted with such Persons as we thought, by any Advice or Information, might conduce to their Majesties Service therein: And, this last Article commanding our Opinion upon the whole State of this Forest, for the better governing thereof, according to the Act of Parliament 20th Cha‘ IIJ. we do further humbly certify your Lordships, that the most likely Way to render the Forest Courts effectual for Punishment of Offenders (which for Want thereof are here grown numerous and insolent) and to oblige the Officers of § Inheritance

i^-

28 Geo. III.

Inheritance to be diligent and faithful in the Discharge of their several Duties for the Preservation of the Fo-rest, were to procure a Justice Seat Once a Year, for Six or Seven Years, to be held in the long Vacation, within the said Forest, or not very remote from it, which might be done by Deputation from the Lord Chief Justice in Eyre to some of their Majesties Justices of Assize going in their ordinary Circuits from Gloutefter to Monmouth, by which Means all the dili-

gent Officers will be encouraged in their Endeavours j

59 7

the negligent reproved j the vain Hopes that some Persons have given to many and daring Offenders about this Forest, that the same shall be made a free Chace, and consequently be destroyed, and they exempted from Punishment, will be utterly defeated and disappointed.

Which we humbly submit to your Lordships.

Will* Cooke. Viney.

Re. Pyndar. Jo. Kyrle.

W* Boevey. Phil.

N* g

A SUMMARY VIEW of the Judgment of the different Dealers in the different Counties, according to Number of Years, respecting the proportionate Decrease of Oak Timber (being N° 16, in the Appendix to the Report of the Committee of the House of Commons, on the Aleans of supplying His Majesty’s Navy with Timber, 6th May 1771).

Persons.

Wood and Palmer —

Okill

Galightly — Toxal

Walford - Bridge — Mojlin, Esq' -James — Morgan — Lomax — Moore — Smith —

Rooke —

Steele — Chitty — Dear fly — Shields — White — Morris — Martin — Miller — Palmer — H. Williams —

W. Williams —

Matthews —

Andrews — Bird —

Goldj'worth — Mills —

Counties, Ida

Whitehaven, in the North — —

Lancashire, Cheshire, North Wales —

Lancashire, Cheshire, Shropshire, Wales

Cheshire — — __

Shroppire — — __

Carnarvon, Denbigh, Merioneth, Flint —

In Denbigh, advertised for Sale — ,

Carmarthen, Pembroke, Cardigan —

Carmarthenshire, &c. — ______

Brecknockshire — —

Wncester, Gloucester, Hereford, Monmouth — Worcestershire, Warwickshire — 1

f Devon, Dorset, Somerset, Cornwall —

( Hants, Surrey, Kent, Sussex —

The South Parts — —

Timber Counties in general —

Essex, &c. — — —

Yorkshire — — . — .

Hampshire ——

Surrey, &c. ——

Newport, Greenock, Ayre, Dumfries —

River Clyde, Port Glafcow — —

Shropshire, Montgomeryshire — —

Pembrokeshire — — .

Glamorgan, Monmouth, Gloucester, Hereford, Shropshire

Bristol ——

Plymouth ——

London, all round — — —

General — —; —

Surrey, Kent, Sussex —

Sir J. Philipps Pembrokeshire, and elsewhere —

40

50

5°

30

30

*5

1

30

30 40 40 40 40 40 to 50 40 H

40

40 20 21 17 several from a Youth

lS

10

30

in 19 40

Decrease.

Seven Eighths.

Three Fourths»

Seven Tenths.

One Half.

Four Fifths.

Two Thirds.

One Third.

Nine Tenths.

Seven Eighths.

Two Thirds.

Four Fifths.

Four Fifths.

Four Fifths.

Nine Tenths.

Seven Eighths.

Nine Tenths.

Three Fourths.

Four Fifths.

Three Fourths.

Three Fourths.

No Supply.

No Supply.

Great Consumption. Great Destruction. f Almost entire Destruc-l tien.

f Not One Quarter of I the Choice, f Decrease very confi-l derable.

Very little remaining.

V Price advanced from

I £‘3t0 £-4' Almost all taken down.

fin Danger to cease to be a Maritime Nation.

Vol. XLIII.

7 N

N* IQ.-

N* 10.

Cil

VO

ABSTRACT of an Account received from Mr, John Matthews, Steward of the Swainmote and Attachment Courts within the Forest of Dean, of Timber delivered to the Coal Miners in OO

the said Forcit, from the 25th Day of September 1780 to the 25th September 1787,

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

CT "< ,

O

o

no

cw

ft

In the respective Walks of

cThomas Harvey. mi w Stephens. Richard Bennett. Robert East. John Brett.

"O O C T3 ~a 0 M O yj ~6 '0 'T3 9J

£ ' j. O 3 </ C g Wl m O S’ .*1 u O

<n In vr> CTJ 0 OS U ej '51 <u "O J2 rz V a; u *£ <« V *0 *> j OS 0 as t-r v CO s <n i- O 'O J5 ri ft> , £ co Ss «n U *s J£ u s li o» £

O ° CQ O 'xa 0 . O CQ 5 0 0 M 5 O O Q 0 O PQ 5

1781 29 — _ 127 3° 93 ' - — C 49 115 *35 N0R1 17 eturn. — J Il8 i 354 2 — I? 56 No R< 6 ^turn. —

1782 f IOl I 21 396 No Ri 27 eturn. - } j6 112 O — 56 335 — — 115 345 — — None. — — —

1783 \ 61 I 31 2371 45 No Return. } 109 6 — ’ 64 212 — — 128 368 2 — D* — — —

1784 V'l 439l 58 No Return. 19 81 8 — NoR< eturn. — *53 442 3 — D° — — —

1785 116 402 82 — 28 83 4 — . 48 NoReturn. — 163 467 4 — Dtt — — —

1786 {,2i 1 471 No R 68 eturn. — 4° 119 1 — 38 NoReturn.1 — 203 560 33 — D* — — —

1787 r\ 432 :No R j 86 eturn. 40 121 2 _ — US 15I 15 NoReturn, — J 205 567 33 — D° — — —

722 2>377 366 12; ’ 239 1718 23 389 697 32 — 1,085 3»103 77 — l6 56 6 —

Richard Bradley.

1

tS

35

40

41

23

27

27

26

ro

o

138

*0

yj

b

O

CO

<5

I45

19 N° of Trees not return'd.

Number not ret\ N° not return’d.

34 N# not return’d.

21 — I —

67 N° not return’d. 102 41a 5

20 N# not ret'. —

482

55°

10

183

I9

119

86

622

Total in each Year.

Orders issued. Oaks. Beeches. Diff' Sorts of Trees not dillin-guished.

1 272 776 3° 127

t 17 Not returned.

} 348 1,188] i 29 245

1 40 Not returned.

1 33° 9261 53 18 3

i 54 Not returned.

? 322 962.I 69 89

J 81 Not returned.

I 333 952| 9° 119

J 82 Not returned.

7 39° 1,150! 102 86

I 107 Not returned.

1 475 *»532| 1 121

i 79 Not r< eturned.

2,93° 7,486] ! 494 749-

Orders returned — — 2,470 Trees delivered — 8,729

To which may be added, for the 460 Orders not regularly returned with the N umber of T rees delivered indorsed thereon, according to the same Proportion, the further N umber of -1,620

In all —

Average Number ptr Ann. for the last 7 Years —

— 10,349

— 1,478 Trees.

00

o

S*

sj

00

OO

18° Juntu

599

28 Geo. IIL

N* 11.

An INVENTORYE of suche Bookes, and other Writinges, as were delivered to Mr. , Surveyor of his Mau Woods, 25*® Maij, 1608.

Three Books of Inrollments of Leases.

One Booke of Entries of Warrantes.

One Booke of Entries of Particulers.

One Booke of Cordes of Woode, and Lodes of Cole, delivered by Mr. , in the Counties of Sussex and

Surrye.

One Booke or Briefc of Reporte of his Ma" Woods, in the Counties of North. . Ox. and Five Bookes of Entries of Preservators Presentments.

Twoe Bookes of Presentments, upon Survey of Wood purchased.

Thirtie-nine Bookes of Surveyes of Woodes.

Twentie-one Bookes of Entries of Certificates upon Landes purchased.

Seven Bookes of Coppies of Informations.

Twelf Calenders of Direction, for the former Bookes.

Eight small Bookes, and Three Rollesof divers Nature.

Tho. Morgan.

A Note of such Bookes as were lefte in Mistress Taverner's Handes, by her reserved for speciall Reasons,

which she will impart unto yo' Honor #.

Three newe Bookes of Surveyes lately taken.

One Booke, touching Forest Lawes. 1

One Booke of Orders taken with his Ma" Farmers.

A small Booke, under the Commissioners Handes, of the Names of the Farmers which have bene compounded wthalh

N® 12.

The 26 of May 1621.

A true and perfect INVENTORYE, indented, of all such Books and Plotts of Survey, as the same Day and Year were delivered by and from George Mortimer, Gent, unto Aaron Rathborne, Esq’, being such as concerne his Majesty’s Service in the surveyinge of Forests, with the Affarts, Wads, Purpreftures, and Incroachments thereof, heretofore performed by the Direction of Otho , Esquire, deceased, and

nowe delivered as aforesayd, by virtue of Warrant dated the 24th Day of Januarye now last past, made and directed by and from the Right honourable Henry Viscount Maundeville, Lord High Treasurer of England, unto the said George Mortimer, and Mr. Edward and to every other Person or Persons

whom it might concerne, as followeth:

Imprimis. — The Booke and Plott of the Forest of Aliccholt and , in Com. Southton.

Item, The Booke and Plott of the New Forest, in Com. Southton.

Item, The Booke and Plott of . Blackmon, in Com. IViltefs.

Item, The Booke of Chipenham, als. Veusham Forest, in Com. IViltefs, whereof Mr. hath the Plott.

Item, The Booke and Plott of die Forest of Deane, in Com. in Three Parts.

Item, The Booke and Plott of Leifter and Charne-wood Forrefts, in Com. Leicester.

Item, The Booke and Two Plotts of Sherwood Forest, in Com. Nottingham.

Item, The Booke and Plott, being in Two Parts, of Rockingham Forest, in Com. Northion.

Item, The Booke and Plott of Whittle wood Forest, in Com.

Item, The Booke and Plott of Salfey Forest, in Com. Northton. __

Item, The Booke and Plott of Sapley and Way bridge Forrefts, in Com. Hunt.

Item, The Booke and Plott of Lyfteld, in Com. Rutland.

Item, The Booke and Plott of Barnewood Forrcft, in Com. Bucks, whereof the Plott was delivered to Sir Foulke Grevill, Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Item, The Booke and Plott of Shotover and Stowood, in Com. Oxon.

Item, The Booke of Whichwood Forreft, in Com. Oxon, ai.d Two Plotts j but the Third Plott is in Mr. John Hunt's Keepinge, a Clerk to Sir Edvtft Warder.

Item, The Booke and Plott of Windsor Forreft, in Com. Berks.

N. B. This is copied from the original Inventory, contained in a Volumn of MSS. formerly in the Collection of Sir Julius Kn‘, Chancellor of the Exchequer in the Reign of Ja‘ Ift, and ij indored, in his Hand-writing, " A Note of such Papers and Bookes " as Mr. Morgan, the King’s Surveyor Genall on this Side Trait hath received of Mistress 25 1608." Now preserved in

the Office of Surveyor General of thieCrowa Lands.

- Item,

A. 1788

600

18° Juniu

Item, The Booke and Plott of the Forreft of in Com. Salop.

Item, The Booke and Plott of Kinfare Forreft, in Com. Staff. Item, The Booke and Plott of the Forest of Wyre, in Com. Worst. Item, The Plott of the Forreft of Waltham, in Com. Essex, the Booke

whereof is in the Keepinge of Tho.y Jen-

kins, Gent, who wrote the fame.

In Testimonye whereof the said Aaron and George have hereunto interchangeably subscribed theyre

Names, the Daye and Yeare first above written.

belonged to that Office were delivered by Mrs. Taverner, Widow of John Taverner, then late Surveyor General, to Mr. Thomas Morgan, appointed his Successor. (See Appendix, N* 11.)

1607 or 8. John Taverner died.

1608. Thomas Morgan appointed.

1608. Thomas Morgan and Robert jointly.

1667. Thomas Agar and John Madden, Esquires, jointly. 1680. Thomas Agar and Charles Strode, Esquires, jointly. 1688. Philip Ryley, Esquire.

1701. Thomas Hewett, Esquire.

1702. Edward Wilcox, Esquire.

1714. Thomas Hewett, Esquire, (2d Appointment.)

17x6. Edward Tounge, Esquire.

1720. Cha’ Withers, Esquire.

1736. Fra* Whitworth, Esquire.

1742. Henry Legge, Esquire.

1745. John Phillipjon, Esquire.

*756. John Pitt, Esquire.

1763. Sir Edmond Thomas, Bar'.

I76rl

to V John Pitt, Esquire, (2d Appointment.)

1786.]

LIST of the Officers of the Forest of Dean.

and Eighty-seven, before Edmund Probyn and Roynon Jones, Esquires, Two of the Verderers of our said Sovereign Lord the King, of the said Forest j and also before John Matthews, Gent. Steward of the same Court.

Edmund Probyn, Esquire,

Roynon Jones, Esquire,

Maynard Colchester, Esquire, dccealed, (novt Jofefb Pyrke, Esquire.)

Copied from an antient Paper in the Office of the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands.

N° 13.

1 S T of Surveyors General of the Woods and Forests, from the Year 1608, when the Books and Papers which

N* 14.

Dean Forest, 7 At a Court of Swanimote of our Sovereign Lord the King, held for the Forest of Dean, in the to wit. 3 County of Gloucester, at the Speech House in the said Forest, on Tuesday the Twenty-fifth Day of September, in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord George the Third, King over Great Britain, and so forth, and in the Year of our Lord One thousand Seven hundred

Deputies.

Lord Warden

The Right honourable Frederick Augustus, Earl of Berkeley.

Deputy Wardens.

Maynard Colchester, Esquire,

Sir John Guije, Baronet,

Thomas Crawley Boevey, Esquire. Roynon Jones, Esquire,

Edmund Probyn, Esquire,

Joseph Pyrke, Esquire.

Verderors

Sir John Guije, Baronet,

Steward

28 Geo. Ill

0 Jun

601

Steward of the Swaniflnote Court.

Matthews, Gentleman.

Deputies.

Regarders. Foresters in Fee.

Woodwards

Keepers

Charles Edwin, Esquire5 chief Forester in Fee.

The Mayor and Burgesses of the City of Gloucester. Mrs. Clarkes of the Hill,

Thomas Foley, Esquire,

The Heirs of Ralph Coljler Esquire. The Heirs of Thomas Willia' '

The Heirs of John Ayres,

The Heirs of Sir Robert Gunning, Knight,

The Heirs of Henry Tearjley.

The Right honorable Wm Lord Viscount Gage, —

The same Lord Gage, —

Charles Edwin, Esquire, —

Maynard Colchester, Esquire, The fame, — —

George Savage, Esquire, —

Mrs. Clarkes of the Hill, —

Edmund Probyn, Esquire, —

John Beale, Esquire, —

of Stanton,

,of Bicknor, of the Bearfe, of Mitcheldean, of the Lea Bailey, of Blakeney of Ruardean, of Abinghall, —

of the Blyths Bailey,

Thomas Harvey, William Stephens, Richard Bennett, — -John Brett, — Richard Bradley, Robert East, —

of the Speech Walk, of Blakeney Walk, — of ColfordWalk, -of Littledean Walk, of Ruardean Walk, of Parkend Walk, —

John Cookt,

Jq/iab Coleman, Walter Taylor.

George Calagban,

John Phillips,

John Hampton, , Tb<t Hampton.

William Meredithi

Jit Matthews, Steward.

N" 15.

The Answer of Frederick Earl of Berkeley,

Lord Warden of the Forest of Dean, and Constable of the Castle of Saint Briavals, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue j dated 7th June 1787.

Lord Berkeley holds the Office of Lord Warden of the Forest of Dean, and Constable of the Castle of Saint

Briavals, by Patent, during His Majesty’s Pleasure; he appoints the Keepers of the said Forest, and is to take Care that they do their Duty, in regard to the Deer only. He receives no Salary, Fees, or Emoluments whatever, for his own Use, as Lord Warden or Constable, but an Annual Sum of a 10 is issued to him from the Treasury for paying the Wages of the Conservator and Keepers of the Forest; and he is authorized, by a Clause in his Lease from the Crown of the Manor and Hundred of Saint Briavals, to retain out of the Relit

' reserved by that Lease a Sum of £. 40 per Annum for Wages of the Keepers; and out of those Two Sums his Agent pays the Salaries or Wages of the Conservator and Keepers, after deducting the Fees and Taxes charged thereon: He has nothing to do with the Timber or Woods, the Keepers receiving their Orders on that Head from the Deputy Surveyor; and as to Intrusions or Encroachments, the Keepers report those Matters to the Conservator and to the Surveyor.

Berkeley.

XLIII.

N° 1

The Answer of Sir John Guise, Baronet, One of the Verderors of DeForejl, and also One of the Deputy Wardens of the said Forest. and Deputy Constables of the Castle of Saint Briavals, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue -, dated 7 th June 1787.

Sir John Guise is One of the Verderors of the Forest of Dean, and One of the Deputy Wardens of the said

Forest, and Deputy Constables of the Castle of Sf Briavel’s, in the County of Gloucester. To the Office of Verderor he was elected by the Freeholders at large, which Office is for Life; and he was appointed One of the Deputy Wardens and Deputy Constables by the Lord Warden and Constable, during his Pleasure. The Duty of the Office of Verderor is to preserve the Vert and Venison of the Forest; and of the Office of Deputy Warden or Deputy Constable, to preside as Judge at the Miners Court in the said Forest, and at the Hundred Court of S‘ Briavels, for the Recovery of Debts, and other Purposes. There is no Salary, that he knows of, annexed to either of those Offices; the only Emolument as Verderor is a Fee Buck and Doe in the Season, delivered by the Keeper under Warrant from the Verderor j as Deputy Warden or Deputy Constable, no Fee or Emolument. It seems, from the general Appearance of the Forest of Dean, that great Spoil, Waste, and Deft ruftion, have been committed there: Petitions or Representations, signed by the Verderors and others, were some Years since presented to the Treasury, letting forth several Grievances to the Prejudice of the said Forest, but no Notice was ever taken of them.

J. Guise,

Highnam Court, Verderor and Deputy Warden

June 29th 1787. of the Forest of Dean.

7 O N° 17.

6oi

18° Junii.

A. 1788*

Land formerly covered with the noblell of Timber, is now become a barren Waste and Heath. How this has been from Time to Time effected, I do not presume to assert; but the Fast of disafforesting is too melancholy a Truth to be denied. With regard to Abuses in the Forest, I think too many exist; but as the Timber and Deer are almost all destroyed, which were formerly the Ornament and Pleasure of the Forest, to set about remedying the Abuses when all the Injury is done, seems to me to be of little or no Consequence.

Maynard

N* 18.

The Answer of Edmund Probyn, Esquire, One of the Verderors, Deputy Wardens, and Woodwards, in Fee, of the Forest of Dean, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated 7th 1787.

The said Edmund Probyn is One of the Verderors and Deputy Wardens of Dean The Duty of his Of-

fice is to receive the Presentments of the respective Keepers, and to preserve the Vert of the said Forest. He is chosen Verderor by virtue of the King’s Writ, in open County, for Life. He receives no Salary, Fees, or Emoluments, except One Buck and One Doe, Annually, as Verderor: But, as the Lord of the Manor of Abenball, within the said Forest, he claims Two Pieces of Ground, called Whites , and Shepperidge, as being Parcel of the said Manor, and all Wood and Timber thereon; and also, as incident to the said Manor, he claims the Bailiwick of Abenball, all dead and dry Trees, and Trees blown down by the Wind, and Bark of Oak and Beech frages of the Freeholders of the County of Gloucester at Wood, and all other Profits, as the King’s Bailiff, or large. 'Woodward of the said Bailiwick.

To the Office of Deputy Warden I am appointed by The Annual Quantity of Timber cut for the Navy the Right honourable the Earl of Berkeley, the Lord hath been, for Two or Three Years past, about 2,000 Warden, by an Instrument under his Hand and Seal. Loads; the Quantity for Wood Sales can be best ascer-To the Office of Woodward I am entitled, under a rained by the Surveyor. No Wood is cut for Fuel. Grant from the Crown, made to my Ancestors above The Number of Trees delivered to the Miners, to carry 150 Years ago. on their Coal and Mine Works, are Annually returned

The Office of Verderor I hold for my Life. on Oath by the Keepers to the Verderors at Swanimote

The Office of Deputy Warden I hold during the Court, and recorded by the Steward of the Court. The Pleasure of the Lord Warden; and the Office of Wood- Keepers always receive Orders at the Court to fell no ward I claim as Hereditary from my Ancestors. more Trees than are absolutely necessary for the Mine

There are no Rents or Collections due to or received Works. The Number of Bucks and Does in Dean

r he cannot ascertain, but it is much underftocked. The Warrants, whether executed or not, are returned

N* 17.

The Answer of Maynard Colthester, Esquire, One of the Verderors, Deputy Wardens, and Woodwards of the Forest of Dean, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue j dated 7th June 1787.

t hold Three Offices in the Forest of Dean, viz1. tft. That of Verderor; the Natu're and Duty of whose Office is to preserve the Vert and Venison of the Forest, to preside as Judge of the Courts of Attachment and Swanimote, to receive Presentments from the Keepers and other Officers of all Offences committed respecting the Timber and Deer in the Forest, to inquire into Encroachments, and inspect into the Conduct of the Keepers and other Officers of the Forest; but have no Power to punish Abuses therein.

ad. That of Deputy Warden, whose Office is to preside as Judge at the Miners or Mine Law Court, to try all Offences committed against the Miners Laws, and to enforce due Obedience to them by all those who are amenable thereto; to preside allb at the Hundred Court of S' Briavels, for 1 Recovery of Debts, and Trials of Trespasses, and other Matters arising within the Hundred.

3d. That of Woodward of the several Bailiwicks within the Forclb called Great Dean, and Lea whose particular Office is, by himself or Deputy, to be very watchful and vigilant in preserving the Timber, Woods, and Underwoods, within the respective Bailiwicks, to present all (C{fences arising therein at the Forest Courts.

To the Office of Verderor I am elected by the Suf-

by me by virtue of either of the Offices I hold in the Forest.

There is no Salary whatever annexed tp either of the Offices, or received by me in respect thereof.

The only Emoluments annexed to the Office of Verderor, are a Fee Buck, and a Fee Doe, out of the Forest, which are delivered by the Keeper on Warrants from the Verderor.

There are no Fees or Emolument? whatsoever due to or received by me, as Deputy Warden, or annexed to that Office.

There are certain and casual Emoluments annexed tp and belonging to the Office of Woodward, viz'.

Lops and Tops of all Timber and other Trees, felled within the respective Bailiwicks. ..!

- All Windfall and Dotard Trees within the lame, and House Bote for repairing the Woodward’s Mansion House. v

' I occupy no Messuages or Tenements belonging to the Crown, nor are there any annexed or belonging to either of the Offices I hold in the Forest.

There have been for a vast Number of Years innumerable Encroachments made upon the Forest, which are (till increasing; and that great Spoil, Waste, and Destruction, has been committed of the Wood and Timber in the Forest, is manifest to every Person who has had the lead Knowledge of it, as the greatest Part of the fine Timber this Forest has been so famous for has been cut down, and the large and extensive Tract of Righc of his Office,

4

not,

Annually by the Keepers on Oath, at Swanimote Court, and recorded by the Steward. As to Intrusions or Encroachments on the Forest, he refers to the Keepers. Many Trespasses are committed in the Vert and Venison of the said Forest, and the Offenders are punished according to the Laws and Statutes in that same made hnd provided. There is not so much; Timber stolen as used to be, owing to,the Care of the Deputy Surveyor, and the Rewards given for conyifting Offenders. ’

Edmund.

N?

*9-

The Answer of Thomas Crawley Boevey, Esquire, One of the Deputy Wardens of the Forest of Dean, and Deputy Constables of the Castle of S' Brtavils, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated 7th June

The said Thomas Crawley Boevey was appointed One of the Deputy Wardens of Dean Forest, and Deputy Constable of the Castle of S' Briavels, by the Earl of Berkeley, the Lord Warden and Constable, during his Pleasure. He receives no Salary, Fees, or Emoluments whatever, and occupies no Messuage or Tenement in There hath been felled for Two or

Three

i8 Geo. III.

188 Junii. 6oi

Three Years past, for the Use of the Navy, the Quantity of Two thousand Loads of Timber by Estimate. The Quantity for Wood Sales cannot be ascertained in Loads, as the same hath been sold by public Auction in Lots j but the Number of Trees may be known by referring to the Justices Certificates on the Treasury Warrants, for the Use of the Navy, and Wood Sales. There is no Fuel Wood allowed to any one, nor any Claims except those of the Miners, who claim Timber for the Use of their Works, but he hath heard that great Abuses exist by converting the Timber to other Purposes. There have been for many Years numerous Intrusions and Encroachments made, and many do now exist, and are Daily making, by building of Cottages, inclosing Ground for Gardens, Orchards, and other Uses, by many poor Persons. And he hath been informed, and is well allured, by some of the Keepers themselves in the Forest of Dean, that great Spoil, Waste, and Destruction, hath been committed of the Wood and Timber, in his Opinion greatly owing to the numerous Intrusions and Encroachments, which cannot be made without destroying the Wood; and he also apprehends there hath been very great Neglect in the Deputy Keepers.

Thomas Crawley Boevey.

N# ao.

The Answer of Joseph Esquire, One of the Deputy Wardens of Dean to the Precept

of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated 7th June 1787.

Gentlemen,

In Compliance with your Request, in the First Place I inform you that the Place of Deputy Constable of the Forest of Dean was, in the First Institution, to hold Courts, in order to settle Disputes between the Miners; but no Act of Parliament having ever pa/Ted to render the Decisions valid, they are seldom adhered to; and of late Years the Courts have been discontinued. The Place has no Perquisite, Fee, or Salary, no Tenement belonging to it, or any Walk; it is held at Pleasure under Lord Berkeley.. The Bucks that ever came to my Share, have been Three or Four, by Warrant under Lord Berkeley's Hand; for, each of which I paid the Keeper One Guinea as his Fee. Hay or Corn being purchased for the Deer, is what never came to my Knowledge j and I may safely say never was. The Number of Deer it is impossible to ascertain, they are every Year diminished; great Quantities of Timber are felled Annually for the Navy, immense used and abused for the Coal Works. As to the Ipecific Number of Trees felled for the Navy, I must refer you to the Deputy Surveyor j those used for the Coal Works to the Clerk of the Swanimote. Encroachments numberless, by building small Tenements, inclosing Gardens to the fame. One, Two, or Three Acres, by the idle Poor; and many large Inclosures by People in good Circumstances. Destructions shameful, of the Wood and Timber, in a great Measure owing to the Inattention of the Keepers in general. I wilh it lay in my Power to render you any Information, tending to the Preservation of the Timber remaining; nothing short of a Capital Offence would, I believe, ever preserve it.

I remain, Gentlemen,

Your obedient Servant,

Little Dean, J. Pyrke.

June 30th 1787.

N# 21.

The Answer of Roynon Esquire, Conservator, and One of the Vei derors of Dean Forest, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated 7 th June 1787.

The Paid Roynon Jones holds the Office of Conservator of His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the County of Glcu-

cester, and also the Office of One of the Verderors of the said Forest. As Conservator, he is to take Care of th6 Waste Lands inclosed in pursuance of the Statute 20th Ch‘IId. and of the Woods and Underwoods there

growing; and, as One of the Verderors, he is to attend the Forest Courts, and take the Presentments of the Keepers. To the Office of Conservator he was appointed by the Lords of the Treasury during Pleasure, and to the Office of Verderor he was elected in pursuance of His Majesty’s Writ, in open County, for Life; as Conservator, he receives a clear Annual Salary of £. 64, 16. which is paid by the Lord Warden; as Verderor, no Salary, Fees, or Emoluments, except One Buck and One Doe, Annually. As to Encroachments, Waste, and Spoil, within the said Forest, he hath from Time to Time caused Inclosures to be thrown open, and Cottages to be pulled down, and endeavoured to the utmost of his Power to prevent many other Spoils and Wastes committed within the Forest.

Roynon Jones.

N# 22.

The Answer of Charles Edwin, Esquire, Chief Fo-rester in Fee, and Bowbearer, and One of the Woodwards of the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester, to the Precept of the Commissioners of the Land Revenue; dated the 6th of September 1787.

The said Charles Edwin holds, by Inheritance, the Office of Principal and Matter Forester in Chief, or Chief Forester of His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester; and also the Office of Bowbearer; and an Office intituled The Woodwardship of the Bearje, within the same Forest. He receives no Salary, Fee, or Emolument for the Exercise of either of the said Offices; but, by virtue of his Office of Chief Forester, he claims to be entitled to the Right Shoulder of all Bucks and Does killed within the said Forest, and also to Ten Fee Bucks and Ten Fee Does, Annually, to be there killed and taken at his own free Will and Pleasure, with Licence to hawk, hunt, fiffi, and fowl within and upon the Forest aforesaid. As Bowbearer, it is his Duty to attend His Majesty with a Bow and Arrow, and Six Men cloathed in Green, whenever His Majesty shall be pleased to hunt within the said Forest. He cannot set forth the Number of Deer therein, and does not know what Ve-nifon Warrants are executed within the Forest for the Use of His Majesty.

The marking and felling of Wood and Timber within the said Forest, under Warrants from the Treasury, is required to be done in the Presence and with the Approbation of Two or more Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and the proper Officers of the said Forest, and (as One of the Justices of the said County) he hath heretofore frequently attended the marking of Timber directed to be felled as aforesaid, and on such Occasions always objected to the marking of Timber in an improving State; but, his Objections being often over-ruled, and at length wholly disregarded, by the Deputy Surveyor and Keepers of the said Forest, he discontinued such Attendance, as he found it of no Use to attempt the Correction of an Abuse which it was not in his Power to prevent. By such and the like Abuses, and the general Waste, Spoil, and Destruction, the Wood and Timber within the Forest aforesaid lessens very much in Quantity every Year.

The Encroachments within the Forest are exceedingly numerous, and he believes many of them have been made by the Keepers themselves, as well as others; besides which, and the Destruction of Wood and Timber, many other Abuses have been, and dill continue to be committed within the Forest, to the great Injury of the Crown, and Destruction of the Forest; and, in particular, he remembers One Instance of Abuse, in the making and repairing of the Roads across the Forest, in the Time

6o± 18° Junii. A. 1788.

of the Surveyorship of the late Sir Edmund Thomas, as he was informed, by the Labourers then working on the Roads, that they were paid after the Rate of Eighteen Pence per Yard only for the making and repairing of such Roads 5 and, knowing that 3 per Yard was charged to Government for the same Works, he quelHoned Mr. Joseph Mc.bbatt,the then Deputy Surveyor, thereon, who admitted the Faff.

Cha. Edwin.

N' 23.

The Examination of Thomas Blunt, Deputy Surveyor of the Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester; taken upon Oath, the 29th Day Of March 1788.

This Examinant faith, That in the Month of September 1780 he was appointed Deputy Surveyor of Dean Forest, by John Pitt, Esquire, then Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, during Pleasure, at a Salary of Fifty Pounds per Annum:KThat the Duty of his Office, as Deputy Surveyor, was to execute such Warrants and Orders as were Officially sent to him from the Surveyor General, to whom he rendered an Account Annually of the Wood and Timber fold, and also of the Disbursements made in the Execution of Treasury Warrants, Rewards on the Conviction of Wood Stealers, and other incidental Outgoings: That the customary Fees or Perquisites of Office received by him, exclusive of his Salary, are as follows; (that is to say) Three Pence for every Cord of Wood made from the Wood and Timber felled under and by virtue of Treasury Warrants; the Tops of such Part of the Timber refused by the Purveyor of the Navy as unfit for Naval Use; the Tops of all Stolen Wood, and One Half Part of the Cordwood made from the Offal Wood of the Miners; and Four Pence or Six Pence for every Tree felled for the Use of the Miners; the Annual. Amount of which Fees and Perquisites he cannot ascertain, having never kept any Account thereof, but believes that for the First Two or Three Years of his Appointment he received from 3 to £. $00 per Annum, but is well allured that for the last Year he hath not received more than 250, his Salary included, out of which Sum he has paid many Charges and Outgoings which neither are or can be charged in his Accounts with the Surveyor General: That the Mode of Admeasurement of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, according to the Practice used at the Time he first came into Office, was, for a certain Number of Trees to be marked, on the Spur of each Tree, by the Keeper or Keepers, in the Presence of the Contractor and Deputy Surveyor, which Trees were selected as fit for Naval Use by the Purveyor of the Navy, and a sufficient Number of Trees were set out as by their Computation would answer the Number of Loads ordered to be felled by the Warrant from the Treasury, and the Trees when felled were admeasured by the Contractor and Deputy Surveyor, who, from the accustomed Mode of Admeasurement, gave much greater Allowances than would have been done in the Admeasurement of Timber the private Property of Individuals, and as a Fee for such Admeasurement, the Deputy Surveyor received of the Contractor the Sum of One Shilling per Load, but all other Advantage arising from this Mode of Admeasurement was solely enjoyed by the Con traitor; but that, in the Admeasurement of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy in the Year 1782, there was, on the calling up of the Quantity of Timber so felled, a Surplus, which was divided between the Contractor and this Examinant, as Deputy Surveyor, which he was informed and believed had been the customary Practice of his Predecessors in Office, and on the D vision of such surplus Timber he received of the then Contractor the Sum of Fifty Pounds for his Share thereof, over and besides the usual Allowance of One Shilling per Load for the Admeasurement: That, conceiving this Pratice to be a growing Evil,

he acquainted Mr. Pitt, die then Surveyor General, therewith, who expressed his Disapprobation thereof, and he hath not, to the best of his Recolletion or Belief, at any Time since received any Fee or Present whatsoever on the Sale of any Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, but the Admeasurement of Timber felled subsequent to the said Year 1782, hath been always made at the respective Dock Yards whereat such Tinri-ber was delivered; That, during the Time he hath acted as Deputy Surveyor, he believes that about 5,500 Loads of Naval Timber hath been directed to be felled on Dean Forest, but the Timber actually delivered into His Majesty’s several Yards hath by Admeasurement greatly exceeded that Quantity, as the Examinant himself, since the Year 1783, to the 31st Day of last, hath delivered into Plymouth Dock Yard 3,024 Loads and 37 Feet of Naval Timber, and at Deptford and Woolwich Yards 2,783 Loads and Twenty-nine Feet, making together 5,808 Loads and 16 Feet, exclusive of the computed Quantity of 1,000 Loads delivered to Mr. Henry Mills (as Contractor for the Navy) in the Year 1781 and X782; That he cannot ascertain the Quantity, in Loads of Timber, felled for Wood Sales, a great Part thereof- having been sold by Auction un-measured, and in Lots of Trees frequently ferubbed and unthrifty: That no Fuel hath been cur, nor the Claim of any Person admitted or established for an Allowance of Wood or Timber, the Miners excepted: That no Justice of the Peace was ever present at the Time the Timber was marked for the Use of the Navy, but previous to the felling thereof it was viewed by Two Justices, who took a general View by riding through the Walk in which the Timber was marked, and afterwards certified the Number of Trees marked to be felled: That in the same of Wood Sales, in order to judge of the computed Quantity of Timber in the Trees marked to be felled, he always took with him a Person whom he thought of competent Knowledge as to the Quantity of Timber in a growing Tree, and with his Assistance made the Computation, and the Trees were marked by the Keeper, and viewed by the Justices before they were felled, in like Manner as the Timber felled for the Use of the Navy; That Sales by Public Auction were advertised in the Gloucester Paper only, on the Monday preceding the Day of Sale; and, for the Information of Persons wishing to become Purchasers, they were by such Advertisements referred to the Keeper or Keepers who marked the Trees; and the Timber, when sold by Public Auiftion, was put up to Sale in distinct Lots of a certain Number of Trees in each Lot; but Sales by Private Contract were not at all advertised, and the Timber so contracted for was measured and sold by the Load, and on such Sales, and until the End of the Year 1782, he in general received from the respective Purchasers certain Presents or Gratuities, but no fixed Rate or Price per Load; since which Period, he hath not received any Present or^ Gratuity for the Admeasurement of Timber, but such Admeasurement hath been true, just, and fair, to the best of his Knowledge, Recollection, and Belief: That, by virtue of several Treasury Warrants, and in pursuance of the Orders and Directions he from Time to Time received from the Surveyor General, he hath cut down many Trees which were growing on several of the Encroachments made on the Forest, and the Timber lb cut down was fold for the Benefit of the Crown, in the same Manner as Trees cut on any other Part of the Forest, and the Monies arising by the Sale thereof hath always been duly accounted for to the Surveyor General: That he hath never cut down any Tree on either of those Encroachments as a Fee or Perquisite to himself, but there have been many Instances of Trees growing on such Encroachments being cut down by those Persons who made the Encroachments, and converted to their own U fe; That he never received any Fee or Gratuity from any Person or Persons whomsoever, who 5 had

28 Geo. III. i8° Junii.

had made or attempted to make ariy Inclosure or Encroachment on the Forest, but he hath heard it reported, that Gratuities have been received by other Officers of the Forest, though he knows not the same of his own Knowledge, and hath only heard such Reports since the issuing of the Precepts from the Honourable the Commissioners of Land Revenue to the respective Officers of this Forest: That he hath pulled down and destroyed many Cottages, Fences, and Inclosures, which have been made, or attempted to be made, during the Time he hath acted as Deputy Surveyor, and continued so to do . until within these Three Years last past, or thereabouts, when his Life and . Property were endangered by the repeated Threats and Insults of the En-croachers and their Party, which at Length compelled him to desist therefrom: That, upon every Application for Timber by the Miners, for the Use of their Works, the Keeper of the Walk in which the Mine is situated informs the Steward of the Swanimote Court, that Timber is wanted for such a Work, who issues his Order for the Allowance thereof, directed to the Keeper, which Timber is then delivered to the Applicant; and he believes that within the Time of his Knowledge there has been about 1,000 Loads of Oak Timber Annually felled for the Use of the Miners, of which at least One-fifth Part has been fit for Naval Purposes; and that the great Waste, Spoil, and Destruction of the Timber and Wood on the Forest is and hath been occasioned by an improper Application of the Timber delivered to the Miners for the Use of their Works, as he apprehends and believes that One Moiety or Half Part of the Timber which they have had delivered to them would have been more than sufficient to have answered every needful Purpose to which it ought to have been appropriated; and the Abuses which have existed, and do now exist, in the Forest, are principally owing to the great Increase of the Coal Works, the not holding regular Courts at the Speech House as usual for the Trial of Offenders, the depaftur-ing a greater Number of Horses, Sheep, and Swine on the Forest than were formerly permitted, the Officers of the Forest being suffered to accept Fees and Perquisites, the Insufficiency of the Forest Laws, and the Lenity shewn by the Justices to Wood Stealers, by a Mitigation of their Penalties when convicted: That, under the Authority and Direction of the Surveyor General, he hath frequently seized large Quantities of Offal Timber, and such other Timber as the Miners could not use in their Works; and in particular, that on or about the 28th Day of January 1783, he seized and took 586 Feet of Oak Timber, and morfc than 200 Cleft Pieces of Oak, called Kibbles, which were found on the Grounds of one George Martin, who, after such Seizure, acknowledged that the same had been unlawfully taken and hauled away from off the said Forest, and that the same was the Property of His Majesty: He also seized, at the Fire Engine on the Forest, between Two and Three Waggon Loads of Timber, hewn up and converted by the Colliers into Coopers Wares for Market: That he divided and applied such Seizures agreeable to the Instructions he received from Mr. Pitt; and, by the Sale of 96 Loads and 19 Feet of Timber so seized, he caused a House to be built in Staplidge Inclosure, for the Preservation of that Inclosure, which colt Forty-three Pounds, or thereabouts, and the Balance of the Timber fold still remains to be accounted for by this Examinant: That for preventing, as much as possible, the like Abuse in future, he hath taken divers Bonds and other Securities, in large Penalties, to be forfeited by the Obligors, in case they Should ever after be detected in the stealing of Wood and Timber from the Forest, or misapplying the Timber delivered to them for the Use of their Works: That the Roads which have been made and repaired in the Forest since his Appointment, have in general been so done by Persons immediately employed by himself, an Estimate having been first made by Two Vol. XLIII.

Persons appointed by him to measure and value the Works intended to be done, which, if approved of by the Surveyor General, the Examinant then undertook the Works, at the Rate or Price fixed on by such Two Persons; and the Works, when compleated, were fur-Veyed by Two Justices of the Peace, who certified the same to be executed agreeable to the Contraft: Thac there are Two Great Roads leading across the Forest; which have been made and kept in Repair by the Produce of Timber felled and fold for that Purpose, and ori which by far the greater Part of the Expence for Roads has been bellowed; the one enters the Forest at Michel Dean, and proceeds quite across the Forest to,

the other Road leads from Little Dean to Colford: These Two Roads have been made chiefly with a View to the Convenience of the Public, being the principal Roads from Gloucester to South Wales; neither of which Roads, nor others which have been made and amended at a considerable F.xpence to the Crown, are any Way conducive to the Preservation of the Forest, as they are but of little Use in the Conveyance of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy, the Navy Timber in general being carried by a distinct Road, leading from the Forest towards BLakeny, which induces him to believe that

the Roads lately made are disadvantageous to the Forest, more Carts and Waggons having been used since the making of the Roads, in the fetching and carrying away of Coal, greater Quantities of Timber used in the Coal Works, and much more Timber secretly conveyed away under the Coal, than heretofore; which Practice he believes might in a great Measure be prevented, by the erecting of Turnpike Gates on the Roads, the Tolls whereof would be fully sufficient to keep the Roads in necessary Repair: That he hath also made and repaired the Fences in the Forest, and employed Labourers, either by Contract or Day Work, in those Businesses; and when the Works were compleated, a Receipt was taken for the Total Amount of the Monies paid, either from the Contractor, or from some One of the Workmen, which was a Voucher for the Allowance thereof to him in his Account with the Surveyor General: That out of the Monies by him charged for making and repairing the Roads and Fences aforesaid, he always paid to the Surveyor General the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound: That from the Time of his Appointment to the Office of Deputy Surveyor, until about Midfammer 1783, he retained, for the Use of the Surveyor General, the Ctiftomary Fee of One Shilling in the Pound, out of the Monies by him received for all Wood and Timber felled by virtue of Warrants ififued from the Treasury for Wood Sales within the Forest; but that, since the said Year 1783, it has been the Practice (as the more eligible Mode of collecting such Poundage) to calculate or receive from the respective Purchasers of such Wood and Timber so felled as aforesaid, the Purchase Money for the same in Guineas, and account to the Crown only for so many Pounds, by which the additional Shilling was retained without Account; so that, in Fact, the Surveyor General received £.5 per Cent, out of such Purchase Monies, over and besides the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound, which this Examinant is informed and believes is allowed by the Auditor on the same Monies, on passing his Account, which together made a Fee or Perquisite to the Surveyor General of Ten Pounds per Cent, on the Produce of all Wood Sales, exclusive of the Sum of One Shilling in the Pound paid to the Surveyor General by the Examinant, out of the Monies by him charged for making and repairing the Roads and Fences as aforesaid.

2 Blunt.

7 p N*a*.

D

cq'

N

CD

Q_

cr

F)

On

N* 2+. O

ON

ABSTRACT of the Examinations of the Six Keepers of the Forest of Dean, taken upon Oath.

Thomas Harvey, Sworn 16th May 178S. William Stephens, Sworn 16th May 1788. Richard Bennett> Sworn 16th May 1788. John Brett, Sworn 16th May 1788. Robert East, Sworn 16th May 1788. Richard Bradley, Sworn 21 /lp 1788.

Appointment. Saich, That in the Year 1771, he was appointed Keeper of the Speech-house IValky in Dean For eft, by Frederick Augujhis Earl of Berkeley, during the Pleasure of the said Earl. That about 29 Years ago, he was appointed Keeper of Blakeney Walk, by the said Earl, during lis Pleasure. 1 Appointed Keeper of Worcester Walk, in 1778, by the said Earl, during his Pleasure. Appointed Keeper of Latimer Walk, in 1766, ay the said Earl, during lis Pleasure. Appointed Keeper of Park-end Walk, in 1766, ry the said Earl, during lis Pleasure. Appointed Keeper of Ruardean, or Herberts Walk, in 1786, by the said Earl, during his Plea-lure.

Duty. That the Duty of his Office is to preserve the Vert and Venison in the said Forest. The like. The like. The like. The like. The like.

Salary. That his Salary is 22, which is paid by the Agent of the said Earl of Berkeley. £ 22. £ 22. £.22. £. 22. £22.

Lodge and Land. That, by virtue of his Office, he occupies a Lodge or House, Garden, and other Buildings, and 49 Acres of Land, of which 14 Acres are Arable, 7 Acres Meadow, and the Residue rough Pasture. A Lodge, &c. and 30 Acres of Land, One Moiety in its rough State, the other cleaned for Corn or Pasture Land. A Lodge, See. and 30 Acres of Land, of which. 125 Acres are Arable, 2 Acres Meadow, and the Residue rough Pasture. A Lodge, See. and 30 Acres of Land, of which Nine Acres are Meadow, and the Residue rough Pasture. A Lodge, See. and 30 Acres of Land, of which about 10 or 12 Acres are Meadow, and the Residue rough Pasture. A Lodge, See. and about 26 Acres of plowed Land, and Two Acres of uncultivated Land.

Stock of Cattle. That he usually keeps a Stock of Horles, 4 Colts, 4 Cows, 4 Bullocks, 6 Pigs, and about 40 Sheep, in the Winter and Summer Seaidns. Two Horles, Six Oxen, and from 80 to 100 Sheep, with a few Pigs for Family Use. Three Horses, 2 Bullocks, Two Pigs, and about 30 Sheep. Three Horses, 5 Cows, Five Pigs, and about Forty Sheep. Two Horses, 4 Cows, Six young Horned Cattle, 3 Pigs, and 60 Sheep. Four Oxen in Winter, One Horse, 6 Pigs, and 8 Geese for Family Use.

Additional Inclosures, That, about 15 Years since, he inclosed from the Forest One Acre of Land, and, about Five Years since, the further Quantity of Two Acres, adjoining to his Lodge Land, for the better Support of the Cattle kept by him for the Exercise of his Office, and domestic Purposes. That, about Two Years since, he caused a Slip 0: Land, containing about One Quarter of an Acre, situate between Two of his Lodge Inclosures, to be laid open to the said Inclosures. That, about Five Years since, he inclosed 6 Acres of rough Land, adjoining his Lodge, for the necessary Support of his Cattle. > >

CO

o

QO

OO

Annual Value of Lodge, Land, and i Right of Com- r mon. i That he believes his House, Lodge, ind Land, with the Privilege of Common on the Forest, to be worth about 40 per Annum. jC* 33 fer Annum.

Penalties for Cattle trespassing. i That he takes to his own Ule the fol-owing Customary Fines or Penalties, or Cattle trespafiing within the Forest, n the Fence Month and Winter Hain-ng, (viz*.) for Horses, Mares, Colts, and Horned Cattle, 4 each j Colts unfhod, 1 s. each; Sheep of all Sorts, id. eachj Hogs ringed, 4 each} and for Hogs unringed, at any Time tref-aafiing, 1 s. each: Which Penalties are said by the respective Owners of such trespass Cattle, when impounded by him, on driving his Walk. The like. %

' Persons entitled to Common. That he hath always understood that all the Inhabitants within the Hundred of Saint Briavell’s, and of the Parishes of Aure, Blayfdoivn, , Long-bope, Newnban, Hop, and the Tything or Hamlet of Huntsham, have Right of Common within the Forest in Comrt\onable Seasons of the Year; and that they pay for the same certain Dues, called Herbage Money, to the Use of the Earl of Berkeley. The like.

b Cattle admitted. That he admits all Cattle turned into his Walk in Commonable Seasons, as supposing them to belong to Persons entitled to Common in the Forest. The like.

,y N -

30 fer Annum.

The like.

The like.

The like.

£. 30 fer Annum,

£. 30 fer Annum*

£. ao. 10, of thereabouts.

To the like Fffeft, and also that within his Walk there is a Moor called IVallmoor, whereon great Numbers- of Geese are Annually trespassing in the Fence Month, which are driven, and Fees taken for such trespals Geese, after the Rate of 3 s. 4 d. fer Score.

To the like Effect as iTbo' Harvey.

The like.

The like.

The like,

The like as to the Inhabitants within the Hundred of S‘ Briavells, but he does not mention the Parishes; and that the Herbage Money is collected by the Bailiff of the Hundred of S' Eria* veils.

In general he admits all Cattle, but hath sometimes met with the Cattle of Foreigners, or Persons not having Right of Common,. and the Owners have been prosecuted for the fame.

He never enquires to whom the Cattle belong, suppofing them to be the Property of Persons entitled to Common, in the Forest.

Admits all Cattle, as suppofing them to belong to Commoners; and drives his Walk Twice in the Fence Month, andl Once in Winter Haining,. for clearing the same from Sheep, and Thrice in the Fence Month, and Twice in the Winter Haining,. for Horses and other Cattle.

ON

O.

- a8 Geo. III. 1%° Juniu

D

cq'

n'

0

Q_

CJ

o

o

o

°£L

FT

‘Thomes Harvey. William Stephens. Richard Bennett, John Brett. Robert Eafi. Richard Bn dley.

Number of Cattle trespaffing, ant4 Amount of Penalties. That he cannot set forth the Number of Cattle trespassing within his Walk, but believes that the Penalties he hath received for such Cattle have amounted Annually to £. 20, or thereabouts. Cannot set forth the Number of Cattle trespassing, or the Amount o) Penalties received. Cannot set forth the Number of Cattle trespassing, but the Penalties received have amountec Annually to about 20. Cannot set forth the Number of Cattle trespassing, but the Penalties have amounted. One Year with another, to or thereabouts. Cannot set forth the Number of Cattle tref-passing, but the Penalties received have amounted, One Year With another, to £.15 or thereabouts. Cannot set forth the Number of Cattle trespassing, but believes the Penalties by him received to be £. ao per Annum, or thereabouts.

Number of Deer. That as the several Walks within the Forest lie open to each other, he cannot set forth the particular Number of Deer within his Walk, but believes there may be in the whole Forest about 500 Deer of all Sorts; and as to the Number of Warrants or Orders for killing Deer, lie refers to the Steward of the Swanimoot Court, into whose Office the same are Annually returned. The like. The like. The like. The like. The like.

Fees on Deer. That he receives for executing every Warrant or other Authority for killing a Buck 1 Guinea, and for every Doe Half a Guinea. The like. The like. The like. The like. The like, except from OnePerson, not named by him.

Fees on Delivery of Timber to Miners. That he receives, on executing every Order or Delivery of Timber to Miners or Colliers, Six Pence for every Tree. On every Order One Shilling. The like Fee. The like Fees of 1 s. on every Order. The like Fee. The like Fee.

Perquisites from the Offal Wood, and Bark of Miners Timber and stolen Timber. / ' He likewise takes to his own Use the Half of all Offal Wood of Miners, and stolen Timber, within his Walk, and the Lengths or Pieces of Trespass or stolen Timber, called Kibbles, found in his Walk, together with the Barkofall Miners Timber, and Trespass or stolen Timber, within the same. The like. The like. The like; but Latimer Walk having been entirely cleared of Timber :or about Six Years past, le hath made no Profit *rom Wood or Bark within that Time. The same as Thos Harvey. The like.'

Annual Value of Offal Wood, lAc. ’ 1 / That his Moiety of the Offal Wood within his Walk hath amounted Annual- 1 y to about 75 Cords, which, at 4 6 \ ><r Cord, amounts to £.16. 17. 6.. >er Annum, . That his Moiety of Offal Wood hath amount-; sd from 30 to 40 per Annum, , About 45 Cords Annuity, worth about £. 10. v i But for the preceding Years, his Share of Offal Wood was worth about; f, to per Annum, Eighty Cords Annually,f worth £. 18, or there-' abouts. j 1 1 < About 104 Cords the First Year, worth 4 6 oer Cord, clear of Cutting, but the Deputy Surveyor :akes his Half of the Cord Wood.

Os

o

oo

oo

o

*^3

00

oo

g

eg'

i — +'

n'

CD

Q_

cr

o

o

n

o

r<

X

r

G And of Kibbles of stolen Timber.

That he cannot set forth the Number or Quantity of Kibbles stolen Timber Dy him Annually received, but believes the same may amount in Value, One Year with another, to about £.5.

Profit from Bark of Miners, and stolen Timber.

That he hath not lately received any Kibbles of stolen Timber within his Walk, as they are now taken by the Deputy Surveyor.

No Kibbles of Tref-sass or stolen Timber, except about 10 Oak Rib-ales, about Years since, worth 5 s. or thereabouts.

Total Salary, Fees, and Perquisites.

That his Annual Profit, arising from the Bark of Timber delivered to the Colliers, amounts to the Sum of ^.135, or thereabouts, as his Walk also mostly supplies with Timber all the Coal Works in the Walk of John , great Part of the Coal Works in the Walk of Rich4 Bradley, and some Part of the

Coal Works in the Walk of Wm «S7e-phensj but he hath received no Profit from Trespass or stolen Timber for the last 6 Years (except a Share of the stolen Timber found on the Premisses of George Martin Hayford, and others, about 2 or 3 Years since); but the Deputy Surveyor hath allowed to him, and he believes to every other Keeper, the Sum of £.9 on the Conviction of most Offenders found guilty of such Theft: For the preceding Years he, received about £. to per Ann. for Trespass or stolen Timber.

That his Salary, Fees, Profits, Perquisites, and every other Emolument by him received, as one of the Keepers of said Forest (exelufive of his Lodge, Land, and Right of Common) amount together to the Yearly Sum of £. 230, or thereabouts.

That the Profit of the Bark by him received, from Timber delivered to the Miners, hath amounted to the Yearly Sum of £. 30, or thereabouts.

About 20 Tons of Bark, worth about £.35 clear.

The like to the A-mountpf £.100 per Ann, or thereabouts, exclusive as aforesaid.

None for the last 6 Years, but for the preceding Years he received. One Year with another, about 12 Oak Kibbles, worth 6d. each.

About 16 Tons of Bark, worth £.11. 12. clear of all Expences; and of Trespass Timber about 5 Tons Annually, worth about £.5.

£.9$, or thereabouts, exclusive as aforesaid.

Kibbles of stolen Tim-3er, worth 50 per An-numy or thereabouts.

About 30 Tons Annually, worth £.53, or thereabouts; but no Profit hath arisen from Tref-oafs or stolen Timber for the last 6 Years, except One Tree j but he is allowed By the Deputy Surveyor £. 5 on the Conviction of most Offenders found guilty of such Theftbut for the pre ceding Years, about £. 5 per Atm. the greatest Part having been taken as a Perquisite by Rich'1 Mabbot}.hx.e Deputy Surveyor.

For the last 6 Years the Whole have amounted to £. 100 per Ann. or thereabouts j but for the preceding Years to £. 130 per Ann. or thereabouts.

num.

About 35 Tons of Bark, worth £. 3. \as>. per Ton.

£. 120 per Ann. or thereabouts.

Kibbles £.3 per -

CO

o

w

o

00

o

t

55:.

£'l37‘*6- or thereabouts.

c\

o

So

Number of Coa Pits and Colliers.

Mode of Deli very of Timber to Miners.

Thomas Ilar vry.

That there are within his Walk 7 Coal Pits, in which are employed 13 Men, Free Miners, 8 Boys who are working their Freedom, and 2 Women, who are employed in one of the Coal Works; but what Quantity of Coal is Annually raised from such Pits he cannot set forth.

That when the Miners supplied from his Walk are in Want of Timber for the Use of their Works, they apply to the per, who thereupon views such Works; and when satisfied that Timber wanted for such Works, he certifies the same to the Steward of the Swanimote Court, who issues an Order for the Deli very of such Timber. That the Orders are brought by the respective Miners to the Keeper, who, with the Deputy Sur veyor, or his Agent, attended by the Miners, mark and deliver the Timber accordingly. That the Orders are returnee to the Swanimoot Court on the 25th September in every Year, each Order indorlec with the Number of Oak or Beech Trees elivered by virtue thereof.

William Stephens.

There are within his Walk 7 Coal Pits, but cannot tell the Number of Persons employed therein, or the Quantity of Coa raised therefrom.

Richard Bennett.

Trees delivered.

That in general he delivers Trees on each Order, and that the Trees by him usually delivered contain, on an Average, Dout 35 Feet each. That none are delivered fit for the Navy, excepting when the Miners are sinking new Pits, and taking up old Pits, when it is necessary for them to have good cleft Timber; and that the Trees for cleft Stuff might be applied to Naval Purposes.

To the like Effefh

Seventeen Cod Pits in which are employed 81 Men, Free Miners, and 17 Boys who are working their Freedom; cannot set forth the Annual Quantity of Coal raised.

To the like Eflrcft.

He delivers 2, 3, or Trees on each Qrdt r, but never more than Trees on each Order, which a-nount to about 100 Trees Vnnually. That he de-ivers none but shaken and damaged Trees, unfit for Naval Use, and refused by the Purveyor, of Size from 20 to 40 Feet, or thereabouts.

In general he delivers Three Trees on each Order, which never exceed a Ton each, and . re oftentimes much less in Quantity, and mostly fhakey and dotard Trees,unfit for the Navy; and he believes! the Whole of the Timber] by him delivered to the Miners within his Walk hath been applied to the Use of their Coal Works.

John Brett.

Rchert East.

Eight Coal Pits, in which are employed Men, Free Miners, 27 Boys who are working their Freedom; cannot set forth the Quantity of Coal Annually raised.

To the like Effect, before his Walk was cleared of Timber.

Eight Mines of Iron Ore, in which are employ ed about 20 Men, Free Miners, and 3 Boys, who are working; their Free

o

dom; also 39 Coal Pits, in which are employed 91 Men, Free Miners, and 22 Boys, who are working their Freedom; but the Quantity of Iron Ore or Coal he cannot set forth.

To the like Effect.

Fie usually delivered 2, 3, or Trees on every Order, as Occasion might require, which Trees, on an Average, might contain the Quantity of 3 Tons, or thereabouts, on every Order; and none fit for [Naval Use, save when a Miner was sinking a new Pit, when it became necessary to let him have a large kind Tree for Cleft, which might poftibly have been used for Naval Purposes.

Cannot exactlyfet forth the Quantity of Timber each Delivery may amount unto, but believes it does not exceed two Tons on every Order; and the Timber so delivered hath been fhakey and dotard Timber, unfit for the Use of the Navy.

Richard Bradley.

28 Coal Pits, in which are employed 133 Men and Boys, Free Miners, besides 4Women; but the Quantity of Coal raised he cannot set forth.

ON

> — <

o

cs

o

On every Order the Number of Trees delivered at the Lea Bailey is 4, but where he resides, the Trees being smaller, 5 are delivered on most Orders, which may contain from 5 to 8 Loads or Tons on each Order; none are delivered but such as are unfit for Naval Use. Some of the Trees delivered contain about 2 Loads or Tons in each Tree, including the Limbs or Branches, and some not more than One Load or Ton.

OO

00

That no Knees or Bends, fit for Naval Use, are ever cut out of the Timber delivered to the Miners within his Walk; but that small Knees or Bends, fit for small Craft, have been taken out of the Tops or Offal Part of such Timber, unfit for the Use of the Miners, after being left by them; and that such Knees or Bends may amount to 10 Tons Annually, or thereabouts.

That he never suffers any Thing to be taken out of Colliers Timber, until they have used all they can; and if at any Time there should remain Offal Timber that cannot be used in their Works, the Deputy Surveyor has it.

D

eg'

r — H

N'

CD

CL

cr

n

o

(T)

Misapplication of Timber by Colliers.

That he hath had frequent Reason to believe that Part of the Timber delivered to the Miners for the Use of their Works hath often been misapplied, and Informations have been exhibited against some of them, and the Offenders punched for such Abuse; and in particular, about 3 Years since he delivered Oak. Timber to one Ja‘ Tingle, a Free Miner, and his Verns (or Partners) at a Coal Work called The Fire,

and a Suspicion arising that Part of such Timber was converted and secreted by such Miners, an Information was made, and a Search Warrant obtained, when a large Quantity of Vessel Heading and Staves for Calks, containing about Tons, was found in the Possession of the said Tingle, but for Want of sufficient Evidence of the Conversion of such Timber the Miners were only compelled to pay the Cods of the Proceedings, and enter into Bond for their future good Conduct; which Heading and Staves were divided between himself, the Deputy Surveyor, and his Assistants, as Perquisites of Office,

That he hath at Times had great Reason to fuf-pedt the Colliers mifap-plying Part of the Timber delivered to them, by having found Vessel Timber for Coopers Ware hid near their Works, which he hath taken away; but as -he could not prove that it was from such Timber, he hath never been able to convict any Miner for such Offence.

Does not remember any Knees or Bends to have ever been cut out of the Timber delivered to the Miners within his Walk.

Thar he hath had frequent Reason to believe that the Miners have misapplied Part of the Timber delivered to them for the Use of their Works, and particularly, about g Years since, he saw one Wm Wheatjhne load Horses with Part of the Timber by him delivered, for the Use of a Coal Work called The Tail Levell, for which an Indictment was preferred against IVhcatstone, who was convicted, and fined £. 5 for such Abuse.

That, about £ or 6 OO Years since. One Knee and 3 Crooks or Bends (7) were taken out of Miners [rj Timber in his Walk, by Q Order of the Deputy Sur- veyor* but whether the hh same was fit for Naval Use, or how disposed of afterwards, he cannot fee forth.

That he hath heard, and believes, the Miners have frequently misapplied a Part of their Tirrr-aer, by disposing of the same for Board, Quarter, and other Purposes for Tuilding, and he hath OO taken from divers Per- ° ions at different Times a Quantity of Vessel Staves 5^ aewn up for the Purpose of making Casks, which is now in his Poflfeflion.

That Timber is delivered from his Walk to 2 Pits, called Trut Blue and IVin dr ells, out of the limits of the Forest, but within the Hundred of S' Briavells, paying Gale to the Gaveller of the oreft.

Believes Part of the Timber hath been frequently misapplied, he having several Times found fresh Oak Timber converted into Spokes for Wheels and Staves for Veflftls, hid and (ecreted in and about several Coal Works within his Walk, and for such Misapplication the Miners so offending have been refused Timber for a considerable Time afterwards j which Spokes and Staves, when found, he hath taken to his own Use as a Per-quisite of Office, and the Quantity he hath so taken within the last io Years may have amounted in the Whole to One Ton, or F thereabouts.

o\

— - Thomas Harvey. William Stephens. Richard Bennett. John Brett. Robert Richard Bradley. On

Encroachments. That there are within his Walk One Cottage, and 2 inclosurts or Encroachments. That there are 96 Cottages, One Charcoal House and Timber Shed, and 328 Patches or Plecks of Land, within his W alk, many of which Encroachments were made long before his Appointment, and others since j and that he hath used his utmost Endeavours to prevent such Encroachment. 193 Cottages, and 565 Plecks of Land, within lis Walk, many of which, &c. 41 Cottages, 165 Patches of Land, many of which, &c. 125 Cottages, 3 Barns, and 444 Plecks of Land, many of which, &c. 44 Ho lifts, 61 Cottages, 570 Plecks of Land, many of which, &c. ✓

Waste. That great Waste and Dtftrudlion hath, from Time to Time, been committed against the Vert and Venison of the said Forest, notwithstanding his utmof: Endeavours to prevent the fame. To the like Effett. To the like Effect. To the like Effect. To the like Effect. To the like Effect. hH OO O t 1

(Signed) Tbss Harvey. Wm Stephens. Rich* Bennett. John Brett. Rob'East. RichdBradley,

o

t-t

CO

00

'-a

28 Geo. III. i8° J 13

N° 125.

The Examination of George Ceefar

Esquire, Gaveller of the Forest of j taken upon Oath, the 4<h Day of April 1788.

This Examinant faith, That His present Majesty, by Letters Patent bearing Date the Fourth Day of June, in the Twenty-second Year of His Reign, gave and granted unto this Examinant the Office and Offices of Keeper of the Gawles above and under the Wood, Riding Fo-rester, and Ale Conner within His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, in the County of Gloucester (but commonly called Gaveller of Dean Forest') to hold the same during His Majesty’s Pleasure, together with all Wages, Fees, Profits, Rewards, Perquisites, Allowances, Dues, Commodities, Advantages, Liberties, and Emoluments whatsoever, to the said Offices respectively belonging: That the Duty of the said Office of Gaveller is to preserve His Majesty's Rights in the Mines of Coal, and other Mines within the said Forest, and to receive His Majesty’s Share of the Iron Ore and Coal raised from such Mines, or the Compositions paid by the Miners in lieu thereof: That this Examinant hath been informed, and believes, that His Majesty is entitled to One Fifth Part of all the Iron Ore or Coal raised within the said Forest, or to put a Sixth Man into every Pit or Work carried on there, and to have a proportionable Share of the Produce of such Work free from all Expences whatever, which Share this Examinant is informed was formerly taken in Kind, and that the Gaveller then had Six Deputies or Assistants for collecting the fame; but that for many Years past the Miners and Colliers have paid an Annual Acknowledgment or Composition in Money for such Share, the Gaveller or l?is Deputy agreeing with them as to the Sum to be paid on that Account: That upon marking or gavelling the Ground, for a Free Miner to begin a new Pit or Level, the Miner pays to the Gaveller for his Attendance, and for entering the fame, a Fee of Five Shillings, over and besides the Annual Compositions aforesaid: That a Court called the Mine Law Court was formerly held at the Speech House in the said Forest, by the Deputy Wardens and Deputy Constables of the said Forest, for tb$ Regulation of all Matters relating to the said Mines, and for settling Disputes and Questions between the Miners, at which Court the Gaveller or his Deputy used to attend to receive all Fines imposed for any Offences cognizable by the said Court, and all other Profits due to the King; but that for some Years past the Deputy Wardens and Deputy Constables have discontinued holding the said Court, but for what Reason this Examinant knoweth not: That this Examinant hath no Salary for the Ex-crcife of the said Offices, or either of them, but that as Gaveller he receives and takes to his own Use, as his Predecessors have always done, all the pines, Fees, or Compositions paid by the Miners or Colliers as aforesaid, without rendering any Account thereof, the Gaveller paying or allowing to his Deputy such certain Salary, or such Share of the said Fees and Compositions, as he thinks fit: That this Examinant received, by Agreement with his late Deputy, Mr. Philip Robinson, the Annual Sum of One hundred Pounds, and allowed him to retain to his own Use the Residue of the said Fees, Compositions, and other Profits, for assisting him in executing the said Office: That, according to an Account made out in August last, by the said Philip Robinson, there were then within the Forest of Dean 121 Coal Pits (Thirty-one of which were not actually in working) which Pits produced 1,816 Tons of Coal Week: That there were 662 Free Miners concerned and employed thereinj and that the Annual Compositions paid by them amounted to f. 215. 8. or thereabouts: That there is no regular Iron Mine Work now carried on in the said Forest, but, according to the said Account of the said Philip Robinson, there were about Twenty-two poor Men, who, at Times when they had no other Work to do, employed themselves in searching for and getting Iron Mine or Ore in the old Holes and Pits in the said Fo-Vol. XL.III.

rest, which have been worked over many Years; and that they Annually pay to the Gaveller Four Shillings per Man, amounting to the Yearly Sum of Four Pounds Eight Shillings, which, with the aforesaid Annual Compositions of £.215. 8. paid by the Colliers, make together f.219. r6. per Annum-, and that the Fees paid

to the Gaveller, upon marking or gaveliing Ground for beginning new Pits or Levels, have amounted. One Year with another, to about Forty Shillings a Ycear: That many of the Miners and Colliers are so poor that no Money can be collected from them; and there are great Arrears of Compositions due to this Examinant; and some incurred in the Time of his Predecessors, and still remaining unpaid: That while the Mine Law Coure continued to be held, the Payment of the said Dues and Compositions was enforced in a speedy and effectual Manner; but that since the said Court hath been discontinued the Gaveller hath been put to great Trouble and Expence iq bringing Actions for recovering the fame: That this Examinant hath always understood, and believes, that the Crown is entitled to all the Mines of Iron and Coal within the whole Perambulations of the Forest, whether the Lands in which such Mines are found be Freehold, and in Cultivation, or otherwise; and that there are at this Time in working Two Pits, called True Blue and Windrells, not within the Lands belonging to the Crown in the said Forest, but within the Perambulation thereof, for which Pits this Examinant receives the customary Gale Duty or Composition.

G. C. Hopkinson.

N° 2

Extra ft of a Letter from Mr. Thomas , Deputy Surveyor in Dean Forest-, received-at the Land Revenue Office, 5th 1788.

With respect to the Price of Coal raised in the Forest at the Pits Mouth, it varies in the different Parts of the Forest; and, as you direifi: me to make an immediate Return, I am only able at present to inform you, that House Fire Coal, in the Mitche Dean Side the Forest, is sold at the Pits Mouth for 4 j. per Ton, of 20 Owt: — Smith Coal ys. yd. — Lime Coal is. per Ton. When sold by the Waggon Load at the Pits Mouth, and the Purchaser brings Victuals and Drink for the Colliers, the Price of a Waggon Load is ior. of House Fire Coal - — Smith Coal 6 s. 6d. — Lime Coal 4*. — On the -

ford Side the Forest, House Fire Coal is sold at the Pits Mouth for ys.yd. per Ton of 20 Cwt. — Smith Coal

is. yd. — Lime Coal 1 s. yd. — By the Waggon Load at the Pits Mouth, House Fire Coal 8 Smith Coal

5 s. 6d. — Lime Coal 2J. 6d. — This Information I be*

lieve you may depend upon, as I received it from a reputable Collier, who hath Works on this and on the Coleford Side the Forest.

Thomas Blunt.

Alinghall, May 3d 1788.

N’ 27! ’

The Examination of Thomas Wood, Watchman, and Sworn Deputy Keeper in Dean Forest.

This Examinant faith, That he was appointed Watchman of Dean Forest by the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods; he is also sworn a Deputy Keeper- of the said Forest. His Duty is to deteft Wood Stealers, and assist the Keepers. He occupies a House and a few Acres of Land, worth about Eight or Ten Pounds Annum; and he receives a Salary of Ten Pounds per Annum, paid by the Surveyor General. He has no certain or casual Fees or Emoluments, except on the convicting Offenders, and then he has the Fine the Justice may think proper to determine shall be paid by ^he Offender. He does not know of any Spoil or Waste committed in the Forest except by the Colliers; the Timber Stealers at present do but little Mischief.

Thomas Wood.

7 R N° 28.

614

18° Junii.

A. 1788.

N® 2*.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies paid to John Pitt, Esquire, and Sir Edmond , Baronet, late Surveyors General of His Majesty’s Woods, by Debentures on any of the Receivers of His Majesty’s Land Revenue, within the Audits of James West and Henry , Esquires, from the ift of January 1761 to

the 31st December 1786, Rating the Amount paid in each Year.

In Mr. Auditor Division.

p

<5*

W

Dates of Warrants.

I April 1761.

24 August 1761.

1761.

Repairs at Bigjhot Lodge

D# — Windsor Forest

6 June 176a. D® — in D® 18 February 1763. D® — in D®

1762.

*763-

V

c

rj

PQ

j-

</5

24 June 1763. 19 August 1763. 2 November 1763.

11 February 1764. 20 February 1764. D°

19 D° 1764.

16 March 1765. D®

20 September 1765. 28 D®

20 March 1766. D®

2 April 1766. 5 June 1766.

20 August 1766.

*s

s

<3 'So

lit

S3|»

16 April 1767.

1 June 1767.

D® — in St. James's Dark — —

D° — in D® and Hyde Park — —

D® — in Hampton Court Park — - _

1764.

D" — in Windsor Little Park — —

D® — in St. James’s and Hyde Parks —

Re-building Lady Croft’s , in New Forest -Repairs in Richmond New Park — —

1765.

A new Lodge in St. James's Park — —

AD® — - in Richmond New Park —

D® — in Greenwich Park — —

D® — at Hampton Court Studd —

1766.

D® — in St. James's and Hyde Parks — D® — in D® — —

Repairs in Windsor Forest — —

D® — in the Green Park — —

D° — - at Cranbourne Lo, Windsor Forest —

1767.

D® — at Ironjhill Lodge, in New Forest — D® — at D® — — —

3 December 1767. D^ — in Bushy Park 21 January 1768

1768.

Repairs in Richmond New Park — *

si \

m5 I

a

19 April 1768. 29 June 1768. D®

14 July 1768. D®

D® — in St. James's and Hyde Parks — D® — at the New Lodge, in Cranbourne Chafe

D® — at the New Lodge, St. James's Park —

D" — at Cranbourne L, in Windsor Forest D° — at D® — —

6 December 1768. D®

— in Hyde Park — _

Note.--The Remainder all paid to John , Esquire.

810 »54 2 15 6 6

— —

526 17 —

1,057 ia —

1,261 16 9

1,137 l5 7

1,612 4 ioi

1,082 16 —

177 9 9

922 1 6

233 19 6

536 6 —

863 10 8?

226 7 8

1,511 H _

1,034 2

294 *5 —

1,072 6

3,200 —

400 .

227 *9 5

1,800

200 — —

822 10

726 5 —

1,072 2 6

536 6 9

463 13 3

554 14 —

16 March 1769. 12 May 1769. 27 June 1769.

„ *769.

Repairs at Ironjhill Lodge —

D® — Windsor Little Park — D* at Ironjhill Lodge —

364 12 4

39o ——

627 19 $

J. s. d. 964 18

35 i° —

3,984 4

3,794 12 it

1,860 3 ioj

7,112 13 9:

2,427 *9 5

4,375 " 6

1,382 ii 9 Repairs

2,8 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

Date* of Warrants.

22 March 1770. 15 May 1770. 19 June 1770. $ September 1,770.

20 1771*

29 0Sober 1771.

16 1772.

-28 y«/y 1772. 17 October 1772. 14 November 1771.

6 May 1773. ii A/ay 1773.

v 30 June 1774. 27 July 1774. 4 1774.

D9

18 November 1774.

4 March 1775.

D9

29 ^)r/7 177$. D9

22 7«»* 1775* 28 July 1775. if November 5.

5 1776.

D*

17 *776.

19 y«/y 1776. 3 December 1776.

ii 1777.

29 1777.

D°

if May 1779. 10 July 1779. D#

ii August 1780.

D°

21 1780.

15 May 1781.

ii June 1781. D°

1770.

Repairs at Big/loot and —

D° in St. James's and Hyde Parks — D° in Richmond New Park — —

D* in Windsor Little Park ——

1771.

D9 St. James's and Hyde Parks —

D* at Hampton Court — —

1772.

D* in Bigjhot Rails Walk in Windsor Forest D* in Richmond New Park — —

D° in St. James's and Hyde Parks —

Da in Cranbourne Lodge — —

D9 Windsor Little Park D9 Greenwich Park

1773*

»774-

D9 Swinley Lodge, Windsor Forest — —

D* Windsor Little Park — — —

Allowances 5 Yrs. for Hay 2nd Turnips for the] Deer in Windsor Forest — — J

Works in St. James's and Hyde Parks — —

D° New Lodge Walk, Windsor Forest — —

1775

D* Swinley Lodge, IVindJor Forest — —

D° Richmond hlew Park — — —

D° Bigjhot Rails, Windsor Forest — —

D9 New Lodge Walk, Windsor Forest ——

Works at Rhinefield Lodge, New Forest — - —

D* Cranbourne Lodge, Windsor Forest — —

Re-building Datchett Bridge — -

1776.

Works, Richmond Park — — —

D° St. James's and Hyde Parks — —

D° Bigjhot Rails, Windsor Forest —

D9 Greenwich Park — — .

To stock several Parks with Deer —

Repairs, Hampton Court — D° Richmond Park —

D° St. James’s and Hyde Parks

None.

Repairs, St. James's Park D° at Datchett Bridge D° Richmond New Park

1777.

1778.

1779-

1780.

Repairs in Richmond New Park D° St. James's and Hyde Parks D° Greenwich Park —

1781.

Repairs in Si. James's and Hyde Parks D" General Hudjon's Lodge, Windsor Forest D9 Paling Windsor Great Park — -

439 *9 * 1,015 6 —

1,188 12 <

65.

897 5 ni

491 13 8

162 15 9

1,470' 6 6

i»549 6 —

502 14 3

499 12

312 6 . 1 1

1,100 8 5

970 17 — l

175 — —

1,886 16 _

824 10 6*

1,022 l6 6

i*537 H 10

450 3 10

262 16 —

270 — 2

750 6 11

747 l9 6£

1,162 6

1,605 — —

485 1 —

1,602 Z —

450 — —

596 1

1,496 17 —

2,429 15 —

87 1 6

354 1 6

1.072 2 6

841 4

2.565 3 10

1.367 17 4

2,619 11 8

914 17 6 1,880 -o- —

615

2,708 17 1

1,388 19 71

3,685 2 6

Six 18

4.957 *1 "5

5,041 17 9}

5>34 15 —

4*522 13 "

M13 5 6

4*774 5 *

Repairs

6i6

18° Junii.

A\ 1788.

Dates of Warrants.

IO J 1781.

20 November 1781. D®

22 March 1782. D°

18 May 1782.

19 July 1782. D°

3 October 1782.

29 November 1782.

25 4>rt7 1783.

29 Apri 1783.

6 March 1783. 24 Afay 1783.

25 November 1783. 19 December 1783.

19 1784.

28 August 1784.

30 /fynV 1785. 15 >/y 1785. 24 October 1785.

9 February 1786. D®

20 1786.

12 7«/y 1786. 24 7«/y 1786. 20 July 1786.

1

28 November 1786. ''

25 ///»// 1783. 24 Aifojr 1783.

9 February 1786.

Repairs at the Speech Houj &c. in Dean Forest D° Henekin Lodge, Windj Forest —

D® at the Great Lodgein D® *-

493 *7 5

785 9 6

713 1 —

1782.

Restoring Waters in Windsor Great Park, with Improvements, in Part of £. 11,194. 15. 4. — — -

Carrying on Repairs in Windsor Great Park —

D° at Richmond New Park ——

D® St. James’s and Hyde Parks — —

Repairs in Windsor Little Park — —

Making a Paddock for the Red Deer at Bagshot Lodge For making a New Road to join the Wokingham Road, and to make Inclosures in Windsor Forest —

6,000 — —

1,500 ——

1,632 18 6 982 3 ~ 1,112 — 6j 362 11 3

1,832 11 —

1783.

Repairs in St. James's and Hyde Parks, 1,528. 8. 8,7 paid by Debenture from Mr. Auditor 5

Repairs in Hampton Court Park — —

Repairs of Paling in Windsor Great Park —

Repairs at Cranbourne Lodge, Windsor Forest, by De-7 benture from Mr. Auditor 1,552. 8. 6. J

Repairs on AJcott Heath and Lodge —

Repairs in Windsor Great Park — —

1784.

Repairs at Swinley Lodge, in Windsor Forest

For Ridings in Windsor Forest —

1786-

Repairs at Big Jot Lodge, Windsor Forest

Repairs at Hampton Court Park Works ort AJcott Heath —

987 3 10 1,274 15 —

1,299 i 3

2>556 *5 6

562 9 3

2,982 5 4

419 6 4

2,680 9 11

39* *7 10

1.786.

Works and Repairs in Greenwich Park — —

Repairs at Stain ley Lodge, &c. Windjot Forest,

£. 1,039. *9- 2, whereof £.5-12. 11. 4f was paid I by Debenture from Mr. Auditor Shelley, and no f Debenture issued-for the Remainder. . J

Repairs at Big/hot Lodge, Windsor Forest — — -

D® at the House on Chavey Down, Windsor Forest — For Ridings in Windsor Forest (in Part of 684. 10.8.)

Making a Cascade and Bridge at the Virginia ,7 in Windsor Great Park, estimated at jf .3,935. 11.4. J Repairs in Windsor Great Par£'. 3,000, by Deben-7 ture, in Part of^. 6,339. 5. 10. — — J

1,124 6 3i

229 9 6 234 17 4

2,090 — 91 No Debenture issued.

D"

Total in Mr. Auditor West’s Division —

Hofter, Dep. Aud\ 23 May 1788.

In Mr. Auditor Shelley’s Division.

. ^783-

Repairs in St. James's and Hyde Parks 1,528 8 8

D" at Cranbourne Lodge, Windsor Forest 1,522 8 6

----- ----- ----- ----3,050 17 2

1786.

Repairs at Swi nicy Lodge, Windsor Forest, in Part of

£. 1,039. ‘9- hut no Debenture issued for the Remainder _ — —

512 11

Richd Gray, Dep. Aud\ 23d May 1788.

41

I-

7,406 16 $>

13,422 4

6,117 15 7

3,544 14 7

3,49* *4 *

3,678 13 111 98,309 6 8i

_3>56j 8 6{ 101,872 15 3

N® 29.

2.8 Geo. Ill*

18° junn.

61:7

N* 29;

ACCOUNT of all Monies paid to John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods; for Fines of Leases from the Crown, from the ift of 1761 to the 31st December 1786; and of

Monies paid to the Surveyors General of the Woods, for Wood and Timber fold from the demised Estates within the same Time, so far as appears to the Surveyor General of the Crown Lands.

FINES OF LEASES.

Amount of Fines paid to John Esquire,

in the Year

D°

D*

D*

D*

1772

1773

1774

1778

1779

1780

1781

1782

1783

1784

1785

1786

£. s. d%

1,0x7

— 5,500

— 3,240

— 1,590

— - 1,319 — —

- — 5,3i7 — ~

— 2,486 — —

— a,695

— *,497 1

— 9,049

— 2,392 — —

1,840 — —

37,942

4.

WOOD AND T I M B F R<

To Sir Edmond Baronet.

I7^6» .

June 12. To Sir Edmd Thomas, Baronet, by the Reverend Dr. Henry Vane, for Timber sold to him on an Estate at Chopwell,iff the County of Durham —

L3SO ~ —

To John Pitt, Esquire.

1782,

August 2. To John Pitt, Esquire, by the Hohourable John St. John, late Sur- £. s. d.

veyor General, for Timber sold to W" Hagg Maxwell Constable, Esquire, on an Estate at Aclome, in Yorkshire — — 386 1 6

1786,

July 31. To D% by Pen)'Tickner, for Trees sold to him on Land at Walton,

in Surrey — — — 18 8 6

Note. — !This Sum was paid at the same Time with a Fine of £. 130* for a Renewal of the Lease of these Lands, which is included in the preceding Account of Fines.

Nonf 22. To D*, by John Coore, Esquire, for Timber sold to him on an Estate

called Woodhouse Grange,in Yorkshire — — — 3,206 — - —

— i ----- ----- ----- --- 3,604 10 —

3C‘ 4,954 10' —

G. Augustus Selwyn, Surveyor General.

May 13, 1788.

vol. xLiir.

7 s

N* 30.

N* 30.

An ACCOUNT of all Monies received by John Pitt, Esquire, late Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, for Wood and Timber felled or fold from the Demised Estate# of the Crown, from the ift January 1761 to the 31st December 1/

1770.

1774. April23d. December 14.

1782.

August 2.

1786. August 1.

November 2ad.

Received for Timber cut down by Sir John Shaw, on an JT. s. d Estate at Eltbam, in Kent, which he holds by a Lease from the Crown — — - — 1x014

Deduct Mr. tVbateley*s and Clerks At- 1 tendance, marking and taking an Ac- 1 count of Timber cut down by the said 1 S\r John Shaw, 11 different Times — - 8 8 — 1 D° on Account of the Timber cut down 1 on the Waste at Eltbam — 3 3 — Expences of the Timber from E, I Land Carriage — — - 18 a — 1 Expences of Water Carriage — - 1 17 — 1 . — 3* — 1 78 11 4

Received of Sir John Elwell, for Timber — — — 1 135 Elm Trees were cut down at Frog, in tVind/or on the 1 Estate in Lease to Mrs. Egerton, amounting to £. 140. 14. 3, which 1 Sum was directed by a Treasury Warrant, dated August 1774., to I be paid over to the said Mrs. Egerton, to reimburse her in Part the I Money expended in Repairs. 1 35 V

Received of John S’ John, Esquire, His Majesty’s Surveyor General, the Sum received by him for a Quantity of Timber fold from an Estate belonging to the Crown, at Aclome, in , as per Treasury Warrant, 19 July 1782 — — — 1 386 1

Received of Mr. Benjn Tickner, the estimated Value of 2 Oak Trees, 3 Alh Trees, and 10 Elm Trees, on Parcels of Land at in directed, by Lease of the Premisses, dated 15th September 1786, to be paid to the said John Pitt, together with a Fine of £. 130 — Received of Mr. Coore, for the Purchase of a Parcel of Oak Timber on an Estate called WoodbouJe Grange, in the County of York, and which, by Warrant dated 10th November Instant, was ordered to be paid to Nit. Pitt - 18 8 6 1 3,200 — —

L- J 3>7l8 1 4

James Farrer, heretofore employed as Deputy to John Pitt, Esquire, deceased, late Surveyor General, &c#

a8th May 1788.

N’ 31.

ABS TRACT of Accounts of Monies paid to the Surveyors General of His Majesty’s Woods, from Rents and Fines, and for Wood and Timber fold from the Demised Estates of the Crown, from ift of January 1761 to 31st December 1786; viz1.

RENTS and FINES. Amount of Monies paid by Debenture on the Receivers General of the Land Revenue, as per Appendix, N° 28 - Amount of Monies paid to John Pitt, Esquire, for Fines of Crown Leases, as per Appendix, N° 29 — . — — — — £ > d‘ 101,872 *5 3 37,942

£. TIMBER. 139,814 *5 2

Monies paid to Sir Edm* Thomas, for Timber, as per Appendix, £, s. d. N° 29 - 1,350 D° to John Pitt, Esquire, for D% as per Appendix, N* 30 — 3,718 1 4 $,06$ »

Total — — 144,882^

X N'

N* .

ABSTRACT of^Accounts of Timber felled for the Use of the Navy,

D

eg'

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

rT

receipts.

Loads. Feet.

Total Quantity and Value of Timber felled 7 Oak — 16,573 34 within the above Period — — 3 Beech — 871 41

Cords.

Total Quantity and Value of Cordwood from Ditt<* — 22,430

Stakes fold in 1786 ——

Total Quantity and Value of Bark from Ditto, about 1,510 Tons -

7

to

£ s. d.

30,814 14 4 908 13 7

6>9$3 7 r

12 3 10

2,650 1 5’

Total Receipts — £.41,339 — 3l

within the Forest of Deant from the Year 1761 to the Year 1786, both inclusive.

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expences of viewing, setting out, and felling Timber, within the Period of this Account — — — — . —

Surveyor General’s usual Allowance of 2or. Day, for his Attendance and Riding Charges in the Execution of Warrants for the felling of Navy Timber, within the same Period — — —

Surveyor General’s usual Allowance for the Wages of Two Deputies (within this Forest) at 4J. per Day each ( excepted) same Pe-

Surveyor General’s Poundage on the Monies received, at 12 in the Pound, by ancient and usual Custom — —

Salary to the Deputy Surveyor (within this Forest) from 1767 to the 30th January 1787, at £.50 per Annum — — —

Fees paid at the Treasury and Auditor’s Office for Sign Manuals, Warrants, Estimates, and Entries, and to the Auditor for dating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General for his Charges in passing the Accounts through the several Offices —

Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bills — —

Repair of Lodges, and of the Lea Bailey Pound —

Paid to Lord Berkeley for a Deficiency on Repair of)

Roads in 1768, by virtue of a Treasury Warrant, dated > 73 10 21st July 1772 — — —

Repair of Roads in 1786 — — — 30 _

Repairs of Inclosures, sowing Acorns, and transplanting young Oaks — Additional Salaries to the Keepers looking after the Timber and Inclosures ——

Salaries to other Persons for the like Service ——

Monies paid to the Keepers, and other Persons, for watching the Forest by Night, to prevent the dealing of Timber — —

Expences of Prosecutions, and Rewards on Convictions — — -

Allowance for Postage of Letters in 1772 and 1780 — —

Total Disbursements — £.

Balance of Navy Timber Account — £.

Total

10 —

£. s. . 3>334 9 4

380 ——

3,406 ——

1,961 10 t 96S 13 3

701 16 — 762 9 1

14 19 7

103 10 —

330 5 71

688 10 — 35 ——

280 — —

647 *5 7

4 15 —

13*619 13 71

27,719 6 81

4 *>339 — 3i

CN

t — t

VC

28 Geo. III. 18° Janii.

N* 33;

ABSTRACT of the Accounts of Wood Sales within the Forest of Beany from the Year 1761 to the Year 1786, both inclusive.

g

eg’

1 — H

n’

CD

CL

cr

o

o

o

00

FT

RECEIPTS.

Total Value of Oak and Beech Timber, fold from the Year 1761 to 1786, both inclusive ——

Total Value of Cordwood from D°, fold within the same Period —

Total Value of Bark, D# ——

Total Receipts Surplus of Payments on this Account

u

t

JL-

C

L-

£. s. d. 16,226 9 si

10,224 18 ij 1,263 .16 31

27*715 3 IOJ

322 11 31

23,037 *5 a

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expences of viewing, setting out, felling, and felling Timber, within the Period of this Account ——

Surveyor General’s usual Allowance of 20J. per Day for his Attendance and Riding Charges in the Execution of Warrants for Wood Sales — Surveyor General’s usual Allowance for the Wages of Two Deputies, at 4J. per Day each, for Part of the Years 1762 and 1763 — —

Surveyor General’s Poundage on the Monies received, at 12 in the Pound, by ancient and usual Allowance — — —

Fees paid at the Treasury and Auditor’s Office, for Warrants, Estimates, and Entries, and to the Auditor for Rating and ingrossing the Accounts, and Allowance to the Surveyor General, for his Charges in passing the Accounts through the several Offices — —

Discount and Brokerage of Navy Bills in 1763 — — —

Expences of making and repairing Roads, Bridges, and Inclosures, and of repairing Lodges, and other Buildings, and sundry other Disbursements, as charged by the Surveyor General in his Accounts of Wood Sales j viz1.

'Repair of Lodges and other Buildings — — »

Building aWatchhouse in 1782 Making and repairing Roads,

1761 to 1786 — —

Building and repairing Bridges Repairing of old, and making new Inclosures — —

"Repairs at Hampton Court

House Park, defrayed by

Wood Sales in this Forest Repairs at Richmond New Park,

D° — —

"Survey of Timber, made by Order of the House of Commons — —

f Payment towards building of Gloucester Gaol, directed to be raised by Wood Sale in this Forest — — 2,000, —

Total Disbursement* — . —

Bean

Hampton Court \ House Park,

Richmond N. Park,

J 1764-<

| 1768J

1783

764 16 5

144 8 7

1,221 11 10

306 2 —

3*676 5 6*

82 9 18 5

&16 — S

293 6 8

1786.1

I -f- d.

4>833 3i 661 — — 176 16 — 1,395 11 6

659 3 2

249 12 3.

16,113 4 4i

3*944 5

28,037 15 a

52o 18° Junii. A. 1788.

D

CQ

t — h

N'

CD

Q_

CT

O

o

eg

?r

-< o *- -

x

r

N* 34»

t RIET S T ATEMENT of the Produce of Navy Timber and Wood Sales in Dean Forest, and of the Disbursements stated and allowed in the Surveyor General’s Accounts thereof,

from the Year 1761 to 1786, both inclusive j collected from the preceding Abstracts, N* 32 and 33. *

RECEIPTS.

Timber

- -1

By Sale of Cordwood —

.Wood Sale D* f Navy Account Wood Sales By Stakes fold in 1786 Navy Account

’ Navy Account Wood Sales

By Sale of Bark

-C

H

1- t. d. d.

3*»723 7 11 1 £ s.

16,226 } 47,949 *7 4 i

9

6,953 7 18 '} 17,178 5 2i

10,224 *3

— 12 3 10*

2,650 1 s\ 3,9*3 *7 81

1^263 l6 3i J

Co

tr\

Total Receipts — £

69>°54 4

L

3»334

4>8j8

9

a.

3*°,zz]

66

,40

176

,961

*395

3,406 ----- ----7

' 16 - } *,961 to 1 7 11 6 j

701 16 — 7

659 3 i

762 917

249 11 3 i 14 *9 7 I 764 16 j J

DISBURSEMENTS.

Expences of viewing, setting out, and felling Navy 7 Timber — — — — 3

Expences of viewing, setting out, felling, and felling 7 Timber on Wood Sales — — j

Surveyor General’s Allowance C Navy Timber Account of 20 J. per Day. In — Wood Sale D* —

Surveyor General’s Allowance f Navy Timber Account for the Wages of a Deputies [Wood Sale D" — *

Surveyor General’s Poundage f Navy Timber Account on Monies received — \Wood Sale D" —

Salary to Deputy Surveyor — Navy Account —

Treasury Fees, Auditor’s Fees, f Navy Account —

and passing Accounts — \Wood Sale D° —

Discount and Brokerage of Na-J Navy Account —

vy Bills — — I Wood Sale D" —

Repair of Lodges and other t Navy Account —

Buildings — — f Wood Sale D° —

Building a Watch House — Wood Sale D°

Expences of making and re- f Navy Account

pairing Roads — — \Wood Sale D°

Building and repairing Bridges Wood Sale D*

Expences of repairing old, and f Navy Account making new Inclosures — f. Wood Sale D°

Additional Salaries to die!

Keepers for looking after? Navy D* the Timber and Inclosures J Salaries to other Persons, for 7 „ # the like Service — — J

Monies paid to the Keepers and 1

other Persons, for watching ( ry> _ ___ __________

the Forest by Night, to pre- f vent the Healing of Timber J Expences of Prosecutions, and 7 _____ ___

Rewards on Convictions — 3 Portage of Letters — D* — — —

Repairs at Hampton Court 7... , _ . A

House Park — _ j Wood Sale Account —

Repairs at Richmond New Park D* — — —

Survey of Timber 1783 — D° — . — —

Payment towards building 7 __

Gloucester Gaol — — 3 U

Total Disbursements- — £.

General Balance on Account of Navy Timber and, Wood Sales — £.

*03 11,221 206 330 3»6 7 6

10

11

2

5

5

-1

7 h 61

— — 688 10 — *

35 ----- -J

£' . d.

8,172 11

1,041 ——

3.582 16 —

3.357 7

968 13 *,36® 19 2

1,012 I

779 *6 —

*44 8 7

*1,63* J io-4,730 1 a

28a — — ,

647 15 7 4 *5 — 829 18 5

816 — 5;

298 6 8

2,000 — — -

41.657 8 9*

27»396 *5 5

Ov

69^54 4 2l

Ik

28 Geo. Ill 18° Junit.

A. 1788;

6n 18° Juni

N* 35.

WARRANTS forraifing^. 2,000 towards building a Gaol, &c. within the County of by Wood

Sales in Dean Forest, and Account of the Sale of the Wood and Timber felled for that Purpose.

GEORGE R. . - *

WHEREAS you have represented unto Us, that the a fling Commissioners for building a new Gaol, a Pe-hitentiary House, and Houses of Correction, within Our County of Gloucester, have made it appear unto you, that the Expences of erecting the said Buildings will amount to upwards of 30,000; and have humbly prayed, that as the Castle of Gloucester belongs to Us, and is to be re-built, and as One of the Houses of Correction is to be erected within Our Forest of Dean, that We would be graciously pleased so grant unto the said Commissioners an Asignment of Timber from the said Forest of Dean towards defraying the Expences of the said Buildings: And whereas you have further Hated unto Us, that Our trusty and well-beloved John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor of Our Woods, has reported to you, that it is probable Our Rights in the said Forest will be much benefited by a House of Correction and Confinement being erected therein, and that such a Quantity of Wood and Timber may without Prejudice to the said Forest be cut therefrom as will raise the Sum of £. a,000, over and besides all Expences, and has recommended the same to be paid to Sir George Onesiphorus Paul, Baronet, One of the said acting Commissioners, or to such other Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the said Commissioners to receive the same, to be applied towards erecting the said Buildings.; and We having taken the said Request into Our Royal Consideration, and being satisfied that the intended Gaol, Penitentiary House, and Houses of Correction, wiH be of great public Good, and tend to the preserving Our Rights within the said County of Gloucester and Forest of Dean, are graciously pleased to grant the said Assignment of Wood and Timber to the clear Amount of £. 2,000: Our Will and Pleasure therefore is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and command. That you do issue your Warrant to Our said Surveyor General of Our Woods, and to such other Person or Persons as you shall think proper, in the Presence and with the Approbation of Two or more Justices of the Peace of Our County of Gloucester, and calling to their Assistance the proper Officers of Our said Forest of , to mark, fell, and cut down, within the said Forest, so much Wood and Timber as, together with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, will raise the Sum of £. 2,000, over and besides all Expences, which is to be paid by Our said Surveyor General to the said Sir George One/tphorus Paul, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized by the said acting Commissioners to

receive the same, to be applied by them towards the Expences of erecting the Gaol, Penitentiary House, and Houses of Correction, within Our said County of Gloucester as aforesaid; and you are to take Care that timely Notice be given to the said Officers and Persons, that they may give their Attendance accordingly; and that an Account of the Execution of this Service be rendered before the proper Auditor within Twelve Months from the Date hereof, and for so doing this shall be your Warrant. Given at Our Court at James’s, this 26 Day of April 1786, in the 26 Year of Our Reign.

By His Majesty’s Command, . ....

lVm Pitt,

To the Commissioners of Our Treasury. John Aubrey.

After our hearty Commendations.

Whereas His Majesty, under His Royal Sign Manual, bearing Dare the 26th Day of April 1.786, hath authorized and empowered us to order and direct you to fell so much Wood and Timber as, together with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, will raise the Sum of £. 2,000, over and besides all Expences; and that the said . £ 2,000, so to be raised, be paid by the said Surveyor General to Sir George One/tphorus Paul, or to such. Person , or Persons as shall be authorized by the acting Commissioners for building a new Gaol, Penitentiary House, and Houses of Correction, within the County of Gloucester, towards defraying the Expences of the said Buildings; these are therefore, pursuant to the Power given to us by the said Warrant, to authorize and require you, and such t other Person and Persons as may be thought proper, in the Presence and with the Approbation* of Two or mere: Justices of the Peace of the County of Gloucester, and the proper Officers of the said Forest,1 to rriark, 'fell, and cut down, within the said Forest, so much Wood and Timber as, together with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, will raise the Sum of £. 2,000, over and besides all Expences, and no more; which Sum of £72,000, , when raised, you are to pay, or cause to be paid, to Sir George or to such Person or Persons

as shall be authorized by the said acting Commissioners to receive the same, and which Sum is to be by them applied towards the Expences of erecting a Gaol, Penitentiary House, and Houses of Correction, within the said County of Gloucester as aforesaid; and you are to take Care that timely Notice be given to the said Officers and Persons, that they may give their Attendance accordingly; and you are to account for your Pfj>-ccedings herein before the proper Auditor of the said County of Gloucester forrhe Time being, within-Twelve Months from the Date hereof; and for so doing this (being first entered with the said Auditor) shall be to you, and all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant. Whitehall Treasury Chambers, the 27th Day of April 1786.

J. Buller, .

Graham,

Ed. J. Elliott.

To our very loving Friend, John Pitt, Esquire,

Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, or to the Surveyor General thereof.

1

» JUSTICES

a8 Geo. III. 180 JmtiL 623

JUSTICES CERTIFICATE.

In pursuance of a Warrant from the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s directed to John Pitt, Esquire, Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, &c. bearing Date the 27th Day of April 1786, empowering and directing him to cause to be felled, in His Majesty’s Forest of Dean, as much Wood and Timber as, together-with the Bark, Lops, Tops, and Offal Wood, will raise the Sum of £. 2,000, ove: and above all Expences, to be paid by the said Surveyor General to Sir George Qnefiphorus Paul, or the acting Commissioners for building a new Gaol, and certain Houses of Correction, within the County of j

We, Two of His. Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and resident in Dean Forest, do hereby certify. That we nave this Day viewed, marked, and do hereby permit to be felled (as according to Law, and the Custom of the said Forest) in the Walk of Riche Bennett, one of the Keepers of the said Forest, 455 Oak Trees, and 20 B.eech Trees; — in the Walk of Robert East, Keeper, 400 Oak Trees, and too Beech Trees; — in the

Walk of William Stephens, Keeper, to Oaks, and 10 Beech Treesin the Walk of 'Thomas Harvey, Keeper, 300 j — and in the Walk of John Brett, Keeper, 5 Oak Trees; — and in the Walk of RJ Bradley, Keeper, 390 Oak Trees; — which, by the Sale thereof, together with the Lops, Bark, and Cordwood, will, we apprehend, raise the Sum of £. 2,000, over and above all Expences. In Witness whereof we have hereunto let our Hands and Seals; this 5th Day of June 1786.

J. , (L. S.)

Thomas Crawley Boevey, (L. S.)

THESE are to certify whom it may concern. That the Timber felled in Dean by virtue of a Warrant from the Honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 27th Day of April 1786, and for which the within Certificate was granted, was this 10th Day of July 1786 sold by Auction, for the several Sums hereunder mentioned, and no more.

Lot 1. — 977 Oaks,

2. — 27a D°

3- — 88 D9

4- 1 M O D9

5- IOO D9*

6. — IOO D°

7- — 6 D*

8. — 10 D9

9* — 10 Beech

10. 0 d 1 D9

11. — IOO D9

12. — 5 Oaks,

In Testimony of the above, we have hereunto set our Names, this xoth Day of July 17.86,

" John Brett,

' Tho’ Bradley,

. , Rob' East,.

Tho' Harvey,

Geo. Conibeere, Auctioneer;

Keepei

rs.

£.i,3So -

no — — 100 — —

19 -

90 ——

90 ——

11 ——

13 ——

20 — —

.90 ——

6 ——

£.1,905 ——

Names of the Purchasers, from the Information of Mr, Blunt, Deputy Surveyor.

Mr. Taylor. Mr. Courteen.

Mr. Taylor. Mr. James. Mr. Brett. Mr. Taylorm Mr. Tovey. Mr. Courteen. Mr. Blunt. Mr. James.

Note. — Mr. Taylor , the Purchaser of Lots N° 1, 5, and 8, purchased the same for Mr, Blunt, the Deputy Surveyor.

JUSTICES 2d CERTIFICATE.

Being given to understand that the Whole of the Timber Trees marked, viewed, and set out by Us (Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester) to be felled in Dean Forest, by Warrant from the Honourable the Loads’Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury, dated the 27th Day of April 1786, for raising the Sum of Two thousand Pounds, clear of all Expences, was sold by public Auction for the Sum of £. 1,905, and no more, as appears by the Account hereunto annexed. And whereas it hath been further represented to us, that the Expence of felling, marking, and other incidental Expences, amounts to the Sum of £. 130. 14. 6. j so that the neat Sum arising from such Sale appears to be £.1,774. 14. 6, and no more: Therefore we. Two of His Majesty’s Justices of the Peace for the County of Gloucester, and resident in Dean Forest, do hereby certify. That we have this Day viewed and caused to be marked, in His Majesty’s said Forest of Dean, 70 Oak Timber Trees, which by the Sale thereof, in Addition to the Sum already raised, will, we apprehend, make the Sum of ^^oop, clear of all Deductions.

Given under our Hands and Seals, this 16th Day of December 1786.

- " ‘ ' - Thomas Crawley Boevey, (L. S.)

. . 7- (L. S.)

We

We whose Names are hereunto subscribed, do hereby certify. That the 70 Oak Timber Trees mentioned in this Certificate, were measured by us Richard Courteen, Charles Smderby, John Baynham, James, and

Miles Hart land, in the Presence of Thomas Harvey, Rd and Thomas Bennett, Three of the Keepers of the said Forest, and amounted in Quantity to 96 Loads 34 Feet, and no more, and sold at and after the Rate of/. 1. 18 per Load; and the Tops and Cordwood arising therefrom were fold in our Presence to Thomas Taylor, for the Sum of /. 50. 6 s.

Rich11 Bennett, 1 Witness, Tho‘ Harvey,> Keepers.

Tho‘ Bennett, J

Rich* Courteen, John Baynham, Cha‘ Sinde

Or James,

Miles Hart land.

96 Loads 34 F', at /. t. 18. Tops and Cordwood

1*3 13 6

jo 6 —

233 19 6 1,905 ——

Total — - /. 2,138 19 6

N* 36.

C 0P Y of a Warrant or Order for the Delivery of Timber to a Coal Miner in Dean Forest.

Fortll of7 At the Court of Attachments, holden at the Speech House, the 25th Day of September 1784, came Dean. J Phil. Hatton, and demanded Timber for himself and Verns, , for the Use of their Coal Works called Toung Colliers ----- -in Ruardean Walk, within the said Forest, according to their Custom.

Jn* Matthews, Steward.

To Mr. John Bradley, Keeper of the said Walk,

by Certificate.

Some Timber to be delivered Jit for sinking.

Indorsed " 4 Oaks/’

N° 37.

REPORT of the Solicitor of the Treasury, relative to Depredations committed in Dean Forest; with an Order to the Surveyor General of the Woods, to offer Rewards for the Discovery of Offenders.

To the Right honourable the Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury.

My Lords,

In Obedience to your Lordships Orders, signified to me by Mr. Secretary Robinson, transmitting to me a Report of the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, on a Letter from Mr. Stephens, withlnclosures from the Commissioners of the Navy, respecting Abuses committed in Dean Forest, in cutting down the King’s Timber, and directing me to report to your Lordships what Steps may be proper to be taken to prevent such Abuses in future; 1 humbly certify to your Lordships, That on looking into a Copy of a Letter from Mr. Slade, Purveyor to the Commissioners of the Navy, which is One of the Inclosures in Mr. Letter, I find he mentions,1 that in the Course of his Survey in Dean Forest,he had discovered and was informed of most lhameful Depredations of the Oak Timber, which was cut every Day by Persons living round the Forest; and that for some Years it had been a Custom to ftcal the Body of the Tree in the Night, and cut it into Coopers Ware, leaving the Top Part on the Spot, which the Keepers take as their Perquisite j and that at that Time whole Trees Wert conveyed every Spring Tide to Bristol; and that when he Was at Gat comb, in One Day there were 5 or 6 T earns came with Timber Planks and Knees Winter-felled, and other Timber, among which were several useful Pieces.' for Ships of 64 and 50 Guns: And I further certify to your Lordships, that the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods, to whom the said Information was referred, in his Report thereon, confirming the Purveyor’s Account of Abuses committed in the Forest, and that every Thing in his Power had been done to put a Stop to them, but that the Offenders were become so desperate and daring, as to bid Defiance to his Deputies, and render every Attempt of his, in a summary Way, totally ineffectual j and he referred to a former Report of his, made in October last, when he stated, that, in the preceding Month, a Number of Persons in Disguise had openly cut down Two large Timber Trees at Torkley, in Dean Forest, and wounded several Keepers who attempted to of-pose them , and that, as the Offenders could not be found, he proposed that a Reward of £. 50 should be

offered

18 Geo. III. i8° Junii. 625

Offered to any Person making a Discovery whereby any of the Offenders could be sonvifted i and likewise the famd Reward, or any other your Lordships Should think proper, and His Majesty’s Pardon, to any Person concerned* making the like Discovery of Two or more of his Accomplices: And 1 further humbly certify to your Lordships, that I am humbly of Opinion, that it is much to be lamented that Mr. Slade, the Purveyor, when he saw the 5 of 6 Teams with Timber at Gatcomb, did not endeavour to trace from whence they came, and to whom they belonged,

as an Enquiry of that Sort might have led to the Offenders, and who then might have been prosecuted; but as the Name of every Offender is unknown, and Informations only go to the Commission of the Offences, I am humbly of Opinion that the Surveyor General of His Majesty’s Woods has pointed out the only Method that can be pursued in the present Cafe; and that by offering a Reward of ^.50, or such other Reward as your Lordships may think proper, to be paid by the Surveyor out of Monies arising by Wood Sales in the Forest, to any Person making Discovery whereby any of the Offenders who cut down the Two Trees at Torkley, on the 23d of September last, may be convicted; and likewise the same Reward, and His Majesty’s Pardon, to an Accomplice making such Discovery, so as Two or more may be convicted; and also a Reward of £. 20, or such other Reward as your Lordships may judge proper, to any Person who shall hereafter discover any Person who shall be guilty of unlawfully cutting, down an Oak Tree in the said Forest, it may tend not only to procure a Conviction of some of the Offenders guilty of the Outrage at Torkley, but to deter others from cutting down the Timber in future, for fear of a Discovery.

All which is submitted,

Chamberlayne.

Lincoln's Inn,

29th May 1780.

1

Sir,

Upon reading to my Lords Commissioners of His Majesty’s Treasury a Report of their Solicitor, on a Letter from the Commissioners of the Navy, and upon your Report respecting the Abuses committed in Dean Forest in cutting the King’s Timber there; I am ordered by their Lordships to transmit a Copy of the said Report to you, and to acquaint you. That my Lords approve of what is therein proposed, and are pleased to direct you to carry the same into Execution, and to give Information to the Solicitor of this Board against any of the Offenders that may be discovered, so that he may take the necessary Steps to cause them to be prosecuted.

I am, &c.

John Robinson.

Treasury Chambers,

21st August 1780.

John Bitty Esquire, Surveyor Woods.

N° 38.

BRIEF ABSTRACT of Accounts given by the Deputy Surveyor, Keepers, and Watchman 0 ,

of Persons convicted of Timber Stealing, and other Offences, in that Forest, and of the Fines and Rewards paid on such Convictions, for Seven Years, to Michaelmas 1787.


Thomas Blunt's Account of Persons convicted by him "1 and his Assistants, for Seven Years, ending at Mi- > chaelmas 1787 — - — — J

Thomas Harvey's Account of Persons convicted by him 7 and his Assistants, for the same Period — \

William Stephens's Accountj of Persons convicted by 7 him and his Assistants, D° — — j

Richard Bennett's Account of Persons convicted by him 7 and his Assistants, D° — — 3

Robert East's Account of Persons convicted by him 7 and his Assistants, D* — — — 3

John Brett's Account of Persons convicted by him and 7 his Assistants, D° — — — 3

Richard Bradley's Account of Persons convicted by his late Father, John Br, himself, and Af- > fistants, D* — — ' — J

Thomas Wood’s Account of Persons convicted by him7 and Assistants, D* — — — A

Total —

Number of Persons convicted. Fines imposed on Offenders. Fines paid by Offenders. Rewards paid by the Deputy Surveyor.

1- s. d. £. s. d. /£ t.

60 151 18 — 147 13 ~ 90

22 > 135 89 12 — 50

8 46 10 — 41 xo — b° —

*9 cannot et forth

19 66 — 6 53 10 6 30 — —

60 205 10 — 180 10 — 175

14 25 25 15

16 not specified r ( cannot set j forth — [70

*5 41 I — J

*4 56 IO — 34 5 — 20 — —

247 727 9 6 572 — 6 540

Vol. XLIII.

7U

N*

39»

6i6

i8b Junk. A. 1788.

N* 39.

The Examination of Miles Hartland, Assistaht to the Deputy Surveyor in Dean Forest taken on Oath, the 15th May 1788.

This Examinaht 'was born at Newent, within Six Miles of the Forest of Dean. He is now about Fifty-one Years of Age, and has known the Forest from a Boy j but has been better acquainted with the State of it for about Twenty Years past.

He has been employed in the said Forest for about Six Years past, under Mr. ’Thomas the Deputy to the Surveyor General, from whom he has a Deputation to assist him in the Execution of his Office. His chief Employment has been to superintend the Falls of Timber for the Navy, or for Sale; to mark proper Timber for the Colliers, for the Use of their Works; and to prevent them, as far as he is able, from misapplying it. His Salary is £.20 a Year, paid by Mr. Blunt-, is. a Day for attending the Fellers, Strippers, and Wood Cutters, while they are at Work; and he receives a Share of the Fines and Rewards paid on Conviction of such Timber Stealers as are detected and apprehended by him, or with his Assistance.

The State of the Forest, with respect to Inclosures, at the Time of his Appointment, was as follows: Before his Appointment there had been several Inclosures made in the Forest, namely, the Buckholt, which was made many Years before his Remembrance; the Great Inclosure, Stone edge, Coverham, The Perch, Serridge, East Haywood, and West Haywood, which were made within his Remembrance, and since the Commencement of His present Majesty’s Reign. All these Inclosures were open at the Time of his Appointment. The Buckholt Inclosure was repaired soon afterwards, hath ever since been kept in Repair, and is now well {locked with young Oak and Beech, but chiefly the latter, which requires thinning, and would produce great Quantities of Cordwood, besides leaving a full Stock of growing Timber. The Fences of most of the other Inclosures were broke and destroyed soon after they were made; and such Parts of them as consisted of Pales, Posts, and Rails, were carried away publickly by the Country People, in Carts and Waggons. They have not since been repaired; and he believes that none of the Inclosures he has mentioned, except the Buckholt, has contributed in any Degree to the Increase of Timber, or Advantage of the Forest.

There have been Three Indolures made since he has held his present Employment; viz. Inclosure,

and a small Inclosure near the -Speech Hou/e, both of which were Part of the Great Inclosure; and Birch Wood

Inclosure, which was Part of Serridge Inclosure before mentioned. All these were made in One Season, about Five or Six Years ago, and set with Acorns; and there are a great Number of young Oak Plants now growing in them, many of which are in a thriving Condition; but the small Inclosure near the Speech Hou/e having been ploughed, the Ground lying hollow, harbours Mice and other Vermin, which eat the Acorns, and destroy the young Plants.

The Parts of the Forest where the best Timber is now growing, are fqme Parts of the Speech Hou/e Walk, and Park End and Worcester Walks. There is very little Timber in Ruardean Walk, except in the Lea Bailey, where it is mostly small. Some Timber of good Size, and a great Deal of small Timber, in William Stephens’s Walk. In Little Dean Walk, there is now a-very small Quantity; but this Examinant remembers a great Quantity of Timber Handing upon Edgehills, and the Che/-nutts, and East and West Haywood. The greatest Part of the Timber upon the Che/nutts was cut for building the Infirmary at Gloucester, upwards of Twenty-five Year* ago. The Soil of the Che/nutts is particularly x

Well suited for the Growth of Oak, arid would be well (locked in a little Time, if it were not cut> as it now constantly is, by the neighbouring Inhabitants, for Fuel and other Purposes. He believes that the Stock of Timber in the Forest is less now than it was Twenty Years ago, but cannot say how much left; and he believes that it lessens every Year, by Reason that there has not been an Increase by Inclosure proportionate to the Quantity felled within that Time.

The Parts of the Forest now bare of Timber; which he thinks fitted to be inclosed for the Growth of Timber; are the followings — In John Brett’s Walk — Hazle Hill, and Edge Hills (including Tanner’s Hill, Green Bottom, and Green Hill) which lie together, and might be made One Inclosure: Badeock’s Bailey, and the Che/-nutts, which, if inclosed, rnuft be separate; as there is a Road between them: East Haywood and West,

between which is also a Road frdm Little Dean and other Places to the Fire Engine Coal Works.

In William Stephens’s Walk — That Part of Great St a* pleage which is not already inclosed; -

beach, and Putmage; all these might come into One Inclosure: Buckhall Moor, Bradley Hill, and several Parj eels near them, might be included in another Inclo-» sure.

In Robert East'sWa!k — Birehen Dingles and Ma/ort's

Tump, which lie together; Bla, separate; Breames Eves and Howell Hill,together.

In Richard Bennett's Walk — The Perch and Ccverhatn, between which runs the main Road to Cole/ord-, and Great and Little Bonrts, which lie together.

In Richard Bradley's Walk — The Lea Bailey, Bailey Hill, and Lining IVcod, which might belaid together; Great and Little Berry together; and Finds and thers Tump together.

In Thomas Harvey’s Walk — Blackthorn T and Serridge together; Salleys separate; Ridge fepa-

rate; Daniel Moor and Beecbenbta together. These Places are now very bare of Timber, but are of a very proper Soil, ancf would produce great Store of good Timber, if inclosed and taken Care of.

The Kinds of Fencing which he thinks best adapted for Inclosures in the Forest, are a Ditch about Three Feet deep, and about Three Feet and a Half wide, with a Quick Hedge planted upon the Bank, and fenced with a Dead Hedge until the Quick becomes a sufficient Fence. He cannot recommend Posts, Rails, or Pales in any Case, as they consume a great deal of Timber, and are liable to be soon stolen. Where the Rock lies near the Surface, the Fence mult be made of Stone, which may be dug on the Spot, and the Wall built up Batterywife, fb as to leave a Ditch on the Outside.

He conceives the most likely Method to produce Timber in the Inclosures is, to fow Acorns, Beech Mad, and Hawberries, Hazle Nuts, Holly Berries, and the Seeds of most other Kinds of Wood at once, as they thrive best together, destroy the Fern, and produce the quickest Crop of Underwood, which trains up and protects the Oaks, and would in Time amply pay the Expence of Fencing, by producing Stuff for Cordwood, &c. of which the Buckholt is an Example: Buc if Oak. only is to be produced, the best Way of planting the Acorn is, either by turning up a Turf, and putting an Acorn or Two uoder it, or making a Hole with a sharp Instrument to put in the Acorns. He thinks that the young Oaks would be out of the Reach of cropping by Cattle in about Twenty-five Years; but the Timber, even when grown to a good Size, as well as the Succession of young Wood, would at all Times thrive better, if kept continually inclosed, and protected from Cattle of all Sorts.

The Parts of the Forest in which the principal Collieries are situate, are these: The I-evel of the Fire Engine Colliery, which is One of the principal Works, is in the Bottom between Na Bridge and Cinder/ord Bridge, and there are Pits aft along the Bottom." There.

are

.8 Geo. III. i&6 Junk.

are several Levels in the feottom from Beechenhurfi along the Helves quite up to Nail Bridge. Another large Field of Coal from Whit ecr oft Bridge (at the Back of White Mead Park) along the Helves to Great Mojeley

Green, and from thence through Pallet Tuft and Aures Glow, almost up to Little Sjapleage. These are the Works which do the greatest Mischief to the Forest; There are some others on the Coleford Side, frorh which a great Deal of Coal is raised. Very little Timber is growing in any of these Helve; and Inclosures might be made in the Forest, so as to exclude all the principal Coal Works.

The Coal Works in the Forest supply with Fuel the lower Parts of Gloucestershire beyond Severn, and some Parts across the Severn about Berkeley; the greatest Part of llercfordshire, the Town of , and Part of the County of Monmouth. There are Three Sorts of Coal dug in the Forest, which are sold at different Prices: The Hdufe Coal, at about Four Shillings, or Four Shillings and Six Pence per Ton; Smith Coal, about Two Shillings and Six Pence per Ton; and Lime Coal fof "Manure, about Eighteen Pence per Ton; all at the Pit. If the working of the Collieries in the Forest were to be Hopped, the Country could be supplied with Coal brought down the Severn from Shropshire, br brought from Wales. The Price of the Severn Coal at Nezvn-ham is about Fourteen or Fifteen Shillings per Ton. He does not know at what Price the Coal imported by the Severn could be supplied to the Counties of Monmouth and Hereford, \(conveyed by the River Wye. A great deal of Forest Coal is now sent by the Wye, but he cannot say at what Expence. The Distance from the House Coal Pits to the Wye is about Four Miles, and the Expence of Carriage to the Wye about Five Shillings per Ton. He does not think that an Advance of One Shilling per Ton on the Forest Coal would be likely to induce those who are now supplied with Coal from the Forest, to purchase Coal from the Severn in Preference. The Expence of conveying the Coal by the'

Wye into Herefordshire, he thinks, would be greater th/lft. the Expence of fending the Forest Coal in the -same Manner. He does not apprehend that if' the working the Collieries in the Forest were to be flopped, very considerable Dimage would be done to the Timber in the Forest, by taking Wood for Fuel; but thinks, if the Coal Works were flopped, the Colliers mull starve, not being able: to get a Livelihood in any other Way.

" He does not know, nor ever made any Calculation, what Quantity of Timber is Annually delivered tof the Miners. The Sorts of Wood or Timber delivered to them are Oak and Beech, and none other; chiefly Oak in the Summer, more Pits being funk in the Summer than in the Winter, and the Keepers having the Bark; more Beech is allowed in the Winter than Oak: But Oak Timber is necessary, and is always allowed for sinking the Pits, and for making what the Miners call the Gateway or Gangway from the Body of Coal to the Pit, and also for the Gutters in the Levels for draining off the Water; but Beech, Birch, Orle, Holly, or any other Kind of Wood, would serve for the Purpose of getting Coal, and supporting the Earth after the Coal is taken away, but none is ever delivered to them but Oak and Beech. He believes that much of the Timber delivered to the Miners for their Works is misapplied. He has frequently found Oak Timber in the Possession of the Colliers, converted into Stave* and Spokes for Coopers and Wheelwrights: And it is extremely difficult to prevent such Misapplication; for if the Colliers are detected in doing it, the Justices will uot fine them.

or take Cognizance of it as an Offence, iirilefs the Officer will swear that the Timber is the King’s Property; which ic is very difficult to ascertain, after it has beert cut up and converted by the Colliers. The only Method of punishing them for such Misapplication, at pre-ferlt, is by refusing to deliver any more Timber to them, which has frequently been done after such Detedion. If Timber were to be refused entirely, he believes the Colliers would take it by Force.

The principal Roads in the Forest are, the Road from Michel Hean to Colford, which is the High Road from London to Monmouth and South Wales; and the Road from Little Hean to Colford. These Two are public High Roads, not necessary or useful to the Forest, but rather detrimental to it, by affording the readier Means to convey away the Coal in Waggons and Cam, iti which Timber has sometimes been found concealed; Besides the above, there are several Roads leading front the Forest to Newland, Colford, and St. Briavel’s, which

have been kept in Repair at the Charge of the Forest; but are of no Use to it, rather the contrary. The only Road now used for conveying the Navy Timber is the Burton Road, which is the most convenient for Carriage to the Waterside from all Parts of the Forest, except the Chefnutts and Edge Hills, in Brett's Walk, and the Bailey in Bradley's Walk; but there is no Navy Timber, now in either of these Places, except the Lea Bailey. If the repairing of the public Roads at the Charge of the Forest were to be discontinued, the Public would be obliged to put up Turnpike Gates on the Roads, and collect Tolls for repairing them, as in other Parts of the Country.

The Number of the Cottages and Encroachments in the Forest, he believes, is nearly doubled flnee he ha* known it. The Persons who inhabit the Cottages are chiefly poor labouring People, who are induced to seek Habitations in the Forest, for the Advantages of living -Relit-free, and having the Benefit of Pafturagefor a Cow o or a few Sheep, and of keeping Pigs in the Woods; but many Encroachments have been made by People of Substance. The Cattle of the Cottagers are impounded when the Forest is driven by the Keepers, as all other Cattle are; and when the Owners take them from the Pound (paying the usual Fees to the Keepers) they turn, them again into the Forest, having no other Means of maintaining the m. The greater umber of the Cottagers are from the neighbouring Parishes; but there are also a great many from Wales, and from various Parts of England remote from the Forest: They are detrimental to the Forest, by cutting Wood for Fuel, and for building Huts, and making Fences to the Patches which they inclose from the Forest; by keeping Pigs, 'Sheep, &c. in the Forest all the Year; and by stealing Timber.

The Inhabitants in general in the Neighbourhood arc benefited by the Common of Pasturage in the Forest,. but chiefly the Farmers, who keep great Numbers of Cattle anti Sheep in the Forest in the Summer, and taka them out in the Fence Month and Winter Haining. He does not know that any Distinction is made by the Keepers between the Cattle of Commoners and Foreigners. If a Division of the Forest were to take Place, he apprehends that sufficient Allotments might be set out, in convenient Situations, for the Use of the Parishes having Right of Common, so as to admit of an Inclosure for the Cultivation of Timber of the Parts best adapted for that Purpose; but he cannot form any Judgment of the Disposition of the Country to agree tot such a Division or not.

Miles Hartland.

N° 40.

<Si8

A. 1788.

N° 40.

STATE of the Returns of Deer from His Majesty’s Forest of Dearth from 1781 to 1787, both

Years inclusive.

Bucks. Does.

In the Year 1781 - 4 4

1782 — — — — 4 4

/ 1783 — — ~ — — 4 4

1784 — — — — 4 4

1785 — — — — " 4 4 ,

1786 — — — — 4 4

1787 — — — 1 " ’ — 4 4

The above is the greatest Number of Deer Rated in the Returns from j but it frequently

happens that the whole Number in such Returns is not served, and the Warrants are sometimes sent back unexecuted.

Peter

Clerk of the Venison Warrants.

30th May 1788.

N° 41;

A STATE of the present Division of the Forest of Dean, shewing the Quantities of Land contained in each Walk, with the Number of the Cottages built, and Pieces of Land encroached thereon.

An ACCOUNT of the present State of the Inclosures made in the said Forest, for the Cultivation of

Timber.

And, O B S E R V AT IONS respecting the present Stock of Timber growing in that Forest.

TO WHICH IS ADDED,

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of inclosing, planting, and managing 18,000 Acres of Land in the said Forest, and of the Quantity'and Value of the Timber and Wood which that Portion of Land may be expected to produce in the Course of an Hundred Years; with Explanations of that Estimate, and a Computation of the Returns which may be expected from that Part of the Forest, in constant Succession, after that Period is elapsed.

By Alm and Wm Dri, Surveyors.

The Forest of Dean is divided into Six Walks, called by the several Names of Worcester Walk, Ruerdean Walk, Little Dean Walk, Blakeney Walk, and Park End Walk which are under the Care of Six Keepers, each of whom has a Lodge, and other Buildings, with a Garden, and from 30 to 50

Acres of Land, inclosed from the Forest, as particularly described in the Plan thereof.-In Three of these

Walks the Whole of the Lands belong to the Crown. In the other Three, there are some Parcels of Land belonging to or claimed by Individuals, as Freehold. And in all the Walks (except The Speech Walk) there are numerous Cottages built, and Encroachments made, on the Lands belonging to the Crown.

The

28 Geo. III.

18° Junii.

6ip

The Quantity of Land contained in each Walk, with the Number of the Cottages and Encroachments, and the Quantity of Land encroached, are as follows:

f Total Quantity in each Walk. Land claimed as Freehold. u- . \Z 1 . Land belonging j to the Crown. E £ U°; N° of rieces of Land encroached. Quantity of Lnnd encroached.

Speech House Walk — — A. R. P. 4,404 3 3 A. R. P. A. R. P. 4,404 3 3 1 2 A. R. P- — - 21

Wore eft er Walk — - — 3>i88 3 35 — — 3>i88 3 35 218 455 295 2 36

Ruerdean Walk — — Inclosed Lands called The Morse Grounds, Loquies, and Blackwell Meads, claimed by Colchester, Esquire — — — 4,296 3 1 N 172 - l8 v 1 4,124 2 23 95 . 487 325 2 22

Little Dean Walk — i — Allots Wood and Rufpatch Meend, on which the Timber and Underwood belong to Tho’ Crawley Boevey, Esquire; and the Herbage, M.nes, i£c. to the 3,184 - 26 ►880 3 8 J 2,303 1 18 53 257 122 3 22

Crown — — 872 2 20 Gunn's Mill and Land - 8-28

Blakeney Walk — — — 3>72i 3 — — — 3>72i 3 — 98 U3 *95 3 15

Fark End Walk — — — Freehold Land, called Ellwood — 3>995 1 34 " "I 132 3 32 J 3,862 2 a 113 1 397 417 3 10

22,791 3 19 1 1,185 3 18 21,606 - il 57! I 1,771 il 1,358 - 6

Detached Parts of the Forest: belonging to the Crown;

Wallmore ——

Northwood Green — — —

The Bearce ——

Mawkins Hazles — — —

The Fence ——

Glydden — — —

Besides the above, there is a Trafb of Land belonging to the Forest, called Hudnalls, lying near the Town of Saint , which, by

an ancient Plan delivered to us by the Commissioners, appears to contain ——

239 a 30 6 1 11 102 1 14 23 2 23 43 3 26 23 1 12

22,045 - 37

1,205 - 30

23,250 1 27

589

3

4 3

5

10

2

!,798

Note, — -'There being an ancient Office Plan of the , we did not

think it necessary to make a fresh Plan of that Land, as it contains no Timber, and the Wood upon it being cut by the Inhabitants of St. Briavell’s.

Total Quantity of Land belonging to the Crown in the Forest: — —

In this Quantity, the Lands called Whitemead Barky in Lease from the Crown to the Earl of Berkeley, are included, which Lands being inclosed, and not subject to Common of Herbage, are to be deducted from the Forest: Land ——

And Allots Wood and Rufpatch Mcend, claimed by Thox Crawley Boevey, Esquire, being held under a Grant from the Crown, in which the Herbage is excepted for the King’s Deer; the Herbage belongs to the Forest, though the Timber and Underwood are the Property of the

Total — —

7x

— I 24

— I 33 1 1 13

15 1 28 to - 9

— - 28

I>j85 3 21 Included in the General Total.

A. R. P.

23,250 I 27

234 I 38

23,015 3 29

872 2 20

23,888 2 9

The

630 i8° Junit. . 1788.

The Names and Quantities of the Inclosures which have been made in this Forest for the Cultivation of Timber, and the present Condition of each, ap-e as follows:

A, R. 1*.

The Great Inclosure, which contained 743. o. 25, was begun to be made about Twelve Years ago with

Poll and Rails, but before the Whole was compleated, a great Part was taken away, and nothing now remains but the Bank; there are no young Trees of any Kind.

A. R. P«

Stonedge Inclosurewas made about Twelve Years ago; it contained 125. I. 10, and was fenced with a dry Stone Wall, which is for the most Part destroyed; there are a great many Thorns and Hollies, with some very fine latge Oak. but no young Timber of any Kind coming up.

A. R. P.

Coverbam Inclosure, which contained 350. 2. 34, was made about Fifteen Years ago, Part with dry Stone Wall, and Part Post and Rails; nothing now remains of this Inclosure but the Bank, notwithstanding which there is a great Quantity of young Timber, for the moll Part Beech, with a few Oaks.

A. R. P.

The Perch Inclosure contained 198. 2. 26, and was also made about Fifteen Years ago, Part with dry Stone Wall, and Part Poll and Rails; nothing but the Bank now remains. — There was a great Quantity of young Timber, particularly Beech, in this Inclosure, which is nearly all destroyed in Consequence of the Fences being pulled down.

A. R. P-

Serridge Inclosure was made about Twelve Years ago, it contained 409. 3. 20, and was fenced with a dry Stone Wall, of which but little remains, being quite open in many Parts; there are no young Trees of any Sort, and but few old Trees.

a. ' r. r.

IleyiDood Inclosure contained 715. 3. 38, and was made about Ten Years ago, Part with a dry Stone Wall, and Part Pales, very few Traces of which now remain, and in some Parts none at all. We have been informed that great Part of the Wall was pulled down, or fell, before the Whole was compleated, and the Pales carried away by Waggons, See. soon after they were put up, and from its present Appearance, it is evident no Advantage has been derived from this Inclosure, as there are no young Trees in any Part of it.

A. K. P.

The Three following Inclosures, containing together 323. 1. 33, are all that remain inclosed and in good Repair (except the Buckbolt Inclosure after mentioned.)

A. X. V.

Stapleage Inclosure, containing 183. 1. 3, has been made about Five Years, Part with dry Stone Wall, and Part dead Hedge; in general in good Repair. — In some Parts of it there are some small Oak and Beech Plants, and also a few large Oaks and Beeches.

A. R. P.

Speech Hou/e Inclosure, containing 5. o. 6, was made about Four Years ago by the Deputy Surveyor, and planted with Acorns, which have produced some young Oaks.

A. R. P.

Birch Wood Inclosure, containing 135. o. 24, has been made about Five Years, Part with dead Hedge, and Part dry Stone W all, which in general is in good Repair; there are but few young Oaks coming up.

A. R P-

Buckbolt Inclosure,which contains 352. 3. 20, has been made about Eighty Years, the greatest Part with a Stone Wall, the rest Hedge and Ditch. The Fences of this Inclosure have of late Years been kept in good Repair. — There are some very fine large Oaks in it, but in general it contains a great Quantity of fine young Beech, — There are also some Oak Trees of about Ten or Fifteen Years Growth, and young Oaks are coming up from Acorns which have been set in vacant Places. A few Weymouth Pines have also been planted in this Inclosure. which grow very well.

With respect to the Timber now growing in the said Forest, not having been instructed to make a particular Survey thereof, we have only taken it by general Observation, and have computed it to be as follows; viz'.

24.000 Oak Trees, which will measure upon an Average One Load and a Quarter each. Girt Measure; and

22.000 Oak Trees, which will measure upon an Average Half a Load each.

This Calculation is exclusive of unfound Trees, of which there are many. There is also a considerable Number of fine large Beech, as well as young growing Trees, in several Parts of the Forest. The principal Stock of young Timber, from which any Expectation can be formed at present, is in the Lea Bailey and Lining , which in general are well {locked, and would produce a considerable Quantity of fine Timber, if properly fenced and protected from the Depredations of Plunderers.

We have examined the Survey of the Timber made in 1783, and compared it with our own Observations; and we shall only say, upon the Subject of that Survey, that if it was accurately and justly taken at the Time, an im-menle Quantity of Timber must have been in one Way or other taken down in the Forest since that Period.

PROPOSAL for new Inclosures.

From the particular Situation of the Forest of Dean with respect to Coal Pits and other Circumstances, we should recommend that Six Inclosures be made in the Forest, to contain in the Whole about 18,000 Acres. By this Method the principal Roads, Coal Mines, and open Parts of the Forest, may be left out of the Inclosures, which is absolutely necessary to be attended to, as it would otherwise be altnoft impossible to prevent the Destruction of the Timber and young Trees.

The next Thing to be considered is the Expence of inclosing and planting them; and, as the Forest of Dean is in general of a good Soil, and very proper for the Produce of Oak Timber, we have confined ourselves to that in particular, and formed the following Estimate accordingly.

M

o

eg'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

o§

?r

An ESTIMATE of the Charge of inclosing, planting, and managing, 18,000 Acres of Land in , and of the Quantity and Value of the Timber and Wood which that Portion

of Land may, with the present Stock of growing Timber thereon, be expected to produce, in the Course of One hundred Years after the Inclosure. With Explanations.

Y ears.

5 ~

Fencing 18,006 Acres — __

Planting 18,000 Acres with Acorns __

Relit of 18,000 Acres, at 5 ^cre for

5 Years — — __

Six Keepers, at £. 50 per ______£> _____

10 — Total Expeno e for Five Years

*5 — D® — D®

20 — D® ... D®

25 — D* — D® —

30 — D® — - D"

35 — D® — D° -

40 — D® — D®

45 — D® — D®

50 — D® — D® .

55 — D® — t Do _

*0 — D° — D®

«5 - D® — D®

70 — D® — D*

75 — 80 — D® D® — D® D® - —

85 — D° — D®

90 — D® — D®

95 — D® — D®

*00 — - D° D® —

W

X

nj

r


£ s.

4,95° — 4,500 —

Compound Inter eft at £. 4 Cent.

d. 1 £. S. d.

I \ 477.225 ——

22,500 1,5°0 3.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744 27>744

27.744

27.744

27.744 27>744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

27.744

eeIi

»25t>37<5 -

946,070 ——

776,832 ——

638,112 ——

527,361 ——

430,032 ——

353,736 ——

291,31a ——

243.598 ——

196,982 — — 160,915 — —

i33,i7t ——

108,201 ——

88,780 — —

72,134 — —

61,036 ——

49,939 ——

38,841 ——

33,292 ——

27.744 — —

564,330 ----- ----6,806,689 ——

Years.

5 —

10 -5 -

Per Contra.

Cr.

20

25

30

35 40

45 50 55

60

65

70 —

75 80

85

90

95 100

5 1 ears, at j^.j^per L.oau — r

1.500 Loads — D° — Thinning young Oaks, produce Faggots,

per Acre — —

1.500 Loads, for 5 Years, at £.4 Loa

1.500 Loads — D® —

f 1,500 Loads — D° —

13a Tillers, at g upon each Acre

I Underwood, at 50 sper Acre

1.500 Loads per Ann. for 5 Years 1 "1,500 Loads — D®

61 Tillers, at 2 . Underwood, at 40 per Acre — 1,500 Loads per Ann. for 5 Years

[1,500 I oads — D® -34 Trees, at 10s.

Underwood, at 30J.

T r T Ad4> jS-

1

1

Underwood, at 30J. —

1.500 Loads per Ann. for 5 Years

1.500 Loads — > D° —

5 Trees, at 151. —

1.500 Loads per Ann. for 5 Years

5 Trees, at i8j. —

1.500 Loads per Am. for 5 Years

5 Trees, at 24 —

1.500 Loads per Ann. for 5 Years

5 Trees, at £.

a Trees, at £.5 —

2 Trees, at £.6 — i Tree, at £.7 —

1 Tree, at £.8 —

Balance of Profit in 100 Years — £

c

for £. d.

— 30,000

— 30,000 i

0 j.

— 9,000 7

i - 30,000 — — \

— 30,000 — —

— 30,000 "I

— 89,100 — — V

— 45,000 J

— 30,000

— - 30,000 I

— 137.250

— 36,000 J

— 30,000

— 30,000 '

— 306,000 !

— 27,000 — — .

— 30,000

— 30,000 — —

— 67,500

— 30,000 — —

— 81,000

— 30,000

108,000

— 30,000

— 144,000

— 211,500

— 283,500 —

— 180,000

216,000

126,000 —

144,000

£ . 2,630,850

564,330

- £ . 2,066,520 —

at £. 4 per

OO

o

w

o

S. d.

1,092,000 — —

690.000 -

3,117,900 ——

465.000 -

J-.974.037 ;----

315.000 -

.3,121,800 ——

213.000 — —

\ 605,500 ——

\ 532.8o° ——

427,800 — —

OO

o

Sy

556.800 —

560,875 — 623,450 —

324.000 —

307.800 — 151,200 —

144.000 —

J7,487,162 ——

On

Journal to be printed.

EXPLANATION of the preceding Estimate.

Having computed that there are now growing in the Forest 24,000 Oak Trees, containing on an Average about a Load and a Quarter each, amounting to 30,000 Loads, we estimate that at the lowest Calculation

1.500 Loads, Girt Measure, may be Annually cut, for 25 Years, from this Stock. We have likewise computed that there are about 22,000 Oak Trees, measuring on an Average Half a Load each: During the first 25 Years those 22,000 Trees will have encreased in Proportion, and will no Doubt keep up the Supply of

1.500 Loads Annually, for 20 Years longer, by which Time there will be a Succession of Timber from the Tillers now growing in the Lea Bailey, Edge Hills, Che/nuts, &c. and which we apprehend may afford a Supply of 1,500 Load per Annum for 25 Years more; so that we estimate there may be a constant Fall of 1,500 Loads per Annum for 70 Years, from the present Stock: At the End of which Time the new Plantations which we have proposed will be coming to Maturity.

Having before recommended the Inclosure of 18,000 Acres in Six Divisions, we propose that the Whole Should be planted as soon as possible, in the following Manner:

A sufficient Number of Men to be employed in the Autumn, to turn Sofls upside down, at 3 Foot apart, or as near that Distance as the present Cover will admit, and that others be employed to plant One or Two Acorns in each of the Sods, with a Dibber. This Work may be continued from the Beginning of November to the Middle of March, except in frosty Weather.

At the End of the first Ten Years after planting, every other Tree will require to be taken out, which will leave them at 6 Foot apart; the Faggots produced from this Thinning will do little more than pay for the Labour.

At 15 Years Growth it will again be necessary to have every other Tree taken out, which will leave them at 12 Foot apart; and the Faggots produced from this Cutting will be worth ioi. Acre more than the Expence of Cutting.

At 25 Years Growth, 132’Trees Should be cut down upon each Acre, and the Whole of the Underwood, which will leave the Trees at 16 Foot apart. In this Cutting Attention Should be paid to leave those Trees which are the most thrifty, and likely to produce the best Timber, even if they Should not be exattly at the proper Distances. The Underwood will be worth 50 s.per Acre more than the Expence of Cutting, and the Tillers yd. each.

At 35 Years the Underwood Should be again cut, and the Oaks thinned, so as to leave them at 20 Foot apart. The Tillers will then be worth is. 6 d.each, and the Underwood 40 per Acre.

At 45 Years the Underwood Should be again cut, and the Oaks thinned, so as to leave 75 Trees upon each Acre, the 34 Trees then to be cut will be worth, upon an Average, 10 each, and the Underwood 30 per Acre.

At 55 Years, 5 Trees upon each Acre Should be cut, which will be worth 15 each.

At 60 Years, 5 Trees on each Acre, which will be worth 18 each.

At 65 Years, 5 Trees on each Acre, worth 24*. each; at 70 Years 5 Trees more, worth 1. 12. o. each. At 75 Years 5 Trees more, worth £.2. 7. o. each. At 80 Years, we suppose that many of the Trees will be come to Maturity, and therefore, instead of cutting those Trees which are the worst, as it will be adviseable to do till this Period, those Trees that have done growing Should then be chosen; and as they will probably be large, we compute that 5 Trees may be then cut on each Acre, worth £. 3. 3 each.

At 85 Years, a Trees on each Acre may be cut, worth £. 5 each. At 90 Years, One Tree, worth 6. At 95 Years, One Tree, worth £.7. And at 100 Years, One Tree may be cut, worth £. 8, upon each Acre.

There will then remain 40 Trees upon each Acre, which, upon i8,oco Acres, is 7^20,000 Trees; but as many Parts of the Forest are at present covered with Timber, which cannot be immediately cleared, the Whole of the 720,000 Trees will not be of 100 Years Growth; but they will nevertheless supply a constant Fall of 7,200 Trees per Annum for ever, provided Acorns shall be planted to supply the Place of every Tree felled, and only One of those Acorns shall come to Maturity; by which Means a constant Succession will be kept up, and those 7,200 Trees may be expected to contain 14,400 Loads of Timber, Girt Measure, or si,600 Loads Square Measure, and will be worth £. 57,600.

And although we have before recommended the Annual Fall of 1,500 Loads from the Timber now growing upon the Forest, yet we think it more adviseable to have the Whole of the Timber in the Forest examined, and all those Trees marked to be cut down which have done growing, and will not improve, by which Method the Forest will be better cleared for the new Plantations. '

A. and W. Driver.

Land Revenue Office,

Scotland Yard, Chas Middleton.

3rd June 1788. J>? Call.

John

Ordered, That the said Report and Plan do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That such a Number of Copies of the said Report, with the Appendix thereunto, be printed, as shall be sufficient for the Use of the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Journal of this House, from the End of the last Session of Parliament to the End of

this present Session, with an Index to the Forty-second Volume, be printed.

Ordered, That One thousand Five hundred Copies of the said Journal and Index be printed, by the Appointment, and under the Direction of John,

Esquire, Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the said Journal and Index be printed by such Person as fh.dl be licensed by Mr. Speaker; and that no other Person do presume to print the fame.

3 Rejolvedy

z8 Geo. III.

Address for Money for printing the Journals*

Address for Expence of

printing

Address for Expences of

Sriming Bills, Reports, &c.

The Lords have agreed to

Bill for Pro-

xeftion of Stocking Frames, &c. with Amendments.

Sutton Inclosure Bill, writh Amendments.

Lords Amendments to Bill for Protection of Storking Frames, &c. agreed to.

18° Junii.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House,

towards defraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on Account of the printed Journals and Reports of this House; and to affureHis Majesty, that this House will tiiake good the fame.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament; and to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Resolved ', That an humble Address be presented to His Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and to allure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame.

Ordered, That the said Addresses be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

A Message from the Lords by Mr. Eames and Mr. Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines, or Engines, annexed thereto, or used therewith^and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, or breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used, or any Way employed, in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marsh, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, in the County of Lincoln, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better and more effectual Protection of Stocking Frames, and the Machines, or Engines, annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or injuring of such Stocking Frames, Machines, or Engines, and the Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Articles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, or breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used, or any Way employed, in preparing or spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. 1. 37. Leave out from " Month" to And" in Pr. 4. 1. 16. and insert Clauses (A) and (B).

Clause (A). " And be it further Enacted by

" the Authority aforesaid, That ,f if any Person so renting or taking to Hire any Stocking Frame " with or without any such Ma-« chine or Engine as aforesaid,

Vol. XL1IL

" shall at any Time, from and " after the passing of this Act,

" fell, or otherwise unlawfully " dispose of any such Stocking " Frame, or the Machine or En- s " g:ne therewith let (if any such

" there shall be) without the Consent of the Owner or Owners " thereof, every such Offender, being thereof lawfully convicted " upon any Indictment to be found " against him, shall suffer solitary f< Imprisonment in the Common " Gaol or House of Correction of " the County, Riding, Division,

" City, Liberty, Town, or Place,

" wherein such Offence shall have " been committed, without Bail or " Mainprize, for a Space not less " than Three Calendar Months,

" nor exceeding Twelve Calendar " Months."

Clause (B). " And be it further Enacted by

" the Authority aforesaid, That if " any Person or Persons shall wilfully and knowingly receive or " purchase any such Stocking " Frame, Machine, or Engine, so " fold, or unlawfully disposed of " as aforesaid, contrary to the " true Intent and Meaning of this " Act, and shall thereof be lawfully convicted on any Indictment to be found against him " or them, every such Offender or " Offenders shall be subject to such " and the like Punishment as by this Act is inflicted or provided " to be inflicted" on such Person " so felling, or unlawfully dispoling of any such Stocking " Frame, Machine, or Engine, as " aforesaid."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That M r. Daniel Parker Coke do carry the Bill

to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lord ships.

Mr. Whitbread, according to Order, reported from African slate the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Bl11 rePoned-for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of , in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere, was committed, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout; and then Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to limit the Duration of the Act.

And the said Cljufe was Twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to AUboroujh the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough, in the County of 2'ork, in the room of Sir Richard Pepper Arden,

7 Y Knight,

A. 1788.

Knight, who, fincC his Election for the said Bqrough, hath accepted the Office of Matter and Keeper of the Rolls in Chancery.

African Slave An ingrossed Bill for providing certain Temporary Bdlpaffied. Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives 0 (Africa,in British Ships, to The and

elsewhere, was read the Third Time.

Resolved', That he Bill do pass: And that Title be, An Act for p aiding certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The and elle-where.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

The other Order of the Day being read;

Committee on The House resolved irfelf into a Committee of the tien Bilu°rU" whole House, upon the Bill to pi event the L.xpoi ration of Hay for a Time to be limited.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Drake, Junior, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Drake, Junior, reported from the Committee,

That they had gone through the BUI, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received, reported. Mr. Drake, Junior, accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: "Where the Report was read.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, That the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill be now read a Second Time;

The House divided.

The Noes went forth.

{Mr. Alderman Saw- f

> a 8.

Mr. , Junior: j

{Sir Robert Smyth, 1

Sir William -> 5.

bame: J

And it appearing, upon the Report of the Division by the Tellers, that Forty Members were not presentj and it being then after Four of the Clock}

The House was adjourned by Mr. Speaker, without a Question first put, tili Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 190 die Junii;

Anno 28* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

Lord*Amend- fb H E House proceeded to take into Consideration r dLm!eUUOn A t^lc Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, Bdl agreed intituled, An Act for dividing and inclosing the Com-,0, mon Marffi, Common Fen, and Waste Grounds, in

the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in in the County of Lincoln.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4.I. 3. After " Fen " insert "and other;" and in the same Line and Line 4. leave o it " and other Commonable Idaces."

Pr. ao. L 36. Leave out " Eight," and insert " Ten."

In the Title of the Bill,

1. 2. After " and " insert " other."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Vyner do carry the Bill to the Lor !s; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

A MeiTage from the Lords, by Mr. Eames and Mr.

Montagu:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise puc together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds (luffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Ides of Jersey,

Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, lt An Act for the winding of Wool," with forne Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Addresses of the 9th Day of this Instant June (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions, that Pensions be allowed to such Persons as have suffered, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the Government, whose Losses of Income, arising from Pro-sessions or Offices, have been proved to the Satisfaction of the Commissioners appointed by several Acts, made in the 23d, 25th, 26th, and 27th Years of His present Majesty's Reign, and who are not already adequately provided for, in certain Proportions; and, to assure His Majesty that this House will make good such Expences as shall be incurred on that Account: And also. That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Five hundred Pounds to be issued to John Wilmot, Esquire, Colonel Robert Kingston, John Marsh, Esquire, and Robert Esquire, respectively, Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Persons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government: And also. That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Three thousand Pounds to be issued to the Commissioners appointed to enquire into the Losses of all such Persons who have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain: And also, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Pounds to be issued for repairing the English Episcopal Church at Rotterdam in Holland; and, to assure His Majesty that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household also reported to die House, That their Addresses of Yesterday (that His Majesty

The Lord*

have agiecd to

Wool Bill with Amendmrata.

Answers to Add 1 dies.

LordsAmend-ments t<*, W ool Bill agreed to.

28 Geo. III. 19 6 yum 35

Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of One thousand Two hundred Pounds to be advanced to John Hatfell, Esquire, Clerk of this House, towards de-

fraying the Expence of printing the Journals of this House, and also such extraordinary Expences as have been, or shall be, incurred on account of the printed Jour* nals and Reports of this House: And also, That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expence of printing and delivering the Votes of this House of this Session of Parliament: And also. That His Majesty would be graciously pleased to give Directions for defraying the Expences attending the printing the Copies of Bills, Reports, and other Papers, which have been printed by Order of this House, in this Session of Parliament; and, to assure His Majesty, that this House will make good the fame) had been presented to His Majesty j and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Addresses.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bi’.l, intituled, An Act to explain, amend, and ic Yce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Lams, and I. ambs. Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortkng-, Yarn, and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool (lightly wrought up, or otherwise put together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses or Beds fluffed with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing. Fullers Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from this Kingdom, and from the Iflcs of Jersey,

Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parrs; and for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, An Act for the winding of Wool."

And the said Amendments were read 5 and are as followeth j viz.

Pr. 2. 1.37. Leave out from " Clay" to "to," and insert " as relates."

Pr. 13. L26. After "said" insert " last mentioned."

Pr. 14. 1. 1. Leave out "aforesaid," and insert " said last mentioned."

1. 7 ? Leave out " aforesaid," and insert and 8.3 " mentioned."

1. 13. Leave out "aforesaid," and insert " said last mentioned."

1. 14. After " Sea " insert " for the Purpose aforesaid."

Pr. 16. 1. 19. After " notwithstanding " insert Clause (A.)

Clause (A). " Provided also, and be it further " Enacted, That in case any " Sheep shall be (horn between " the First Day of March and " the First Day of July in each " Year, for the sole Purpose of " fending them to Market, and " in case the Owner or Owners " of such Sheep shall not remove, or otherwise dispose of " the Wool or Fleeces which " shall be (horn from such Sheep " from the Places where the " same were first carried after " Shearing, without first certifying in Three Days, in Manner aforesaid, it shall not be " necessary for such Owner or " Owners to certify the true " Quantity of the said Wool,

" and Number of such Fleeces,

" and where the same arc hous-

" ed, until such Owner otOwn- ers shall certify in Manner " before mentioned the Quantity of the Wool and Number " of the Fleeces (horn from the " Whole of the Flock or Flocks " belonging to such Owner or " Owners, after the general " Shearing for that Sealon of " the said Flock or Flocks."

Pr. 18. 1. 3. After " I (land" insert " and."

1. 7. Leave out " Isle," and insert " Ides;" and in the same Line, after " leave out to

" and" in Line 12, and insert " Alderney."

Pr. 19. 1.38. Leave out " Isle," and insert Ides.".

1. 39. After " Gue" insert " " and Sark."

Pr. 20. 1. 3. Leave out from " Guernsey ' to " and " in Line 21, and insert " Four hundred Tods for Alderney, and Two hundred Tods " for Sark."

Pr. 25. 1. 2 6.Leave out "of the Customs."

Pr. 32. 1. 36. Leave out from "Wool " to " And*’

in Pr. 33.1. 17.

Pr. 70. 1. 21. After " after" insert " such Conviction."

Pr. 71. I.25. After "that" insert " every Information to be made under " this Act shall be made upon " Oath, and that."

1. 26. After " the " insert " Justice or."

1. 28. After '" been " insert " so;" and in the same Line, after "made," leave out " upon Oath."

1. 29. After " them " insert " at the In-"(lance of 1. 32. After " the" insert "said."

1. 34. After " before’’ insert " him or."

1. 36. Leave out from " and " to " And," in Pr. 72. 1. 31. and insert " the Person so summoned shall " appear at the Time and Place " specified, and submit in all " Things to be examined as a Witness in the Premises."

Pr. 79. 1. 25. After " Wool " insert " or that " any Clay, Sand, or Earth,

" which shall be found in such " Fleece, was not intentionally " put there to make the Fleece "more weighty, but became " mixed or connected with the " same by Reason of the necessary pasturing, folding, or " keeping of the Sheep where- upon such Fleece shall have " been grown, subsequent to " the rivering or washing of " such Sheep."

Pr. 84. 1. 18. Leave out from "Deceit" to " And " in Line 38, and insert " And whereas all Winders now " to be sworn do repair to the " Mayor of the Staple at Westminster, for the Purpose of " being so sworn, whereby the " Persons so desirous of being " sworn are subjected to great " Expence and Inconvenience;

" Be it therefore Enacted by " the Authority aforesaid, That " it shall and may be lawful for the

636

190 — 2 50 Junii.

A, 1 *7 8 8.

CC

" the Justices of the Peace who " shall hereafter be assembled at " any General Quarter Sessions " of the Peace within the Kingdom of Great or any

" Adjournment thereof, and " they are hereby empowered " and required to administer to " every such Person as shall be desirous of becoming a sworn,

" Winder of Wool, and shall ,c produce a Certificate under " the Hands of any Two Growers of Wool, testifying to the " Satisfaction of such Justices,

that such Person is properly qualified to become a Sworn " Winder of Wool, an Oath to the following Purport and Effect; (that is to say)

" I. B. do swear. That I will truly and justly,

" without Deceit, wind and fold all and singular the " Wool which I shall take " upon me to wind and *c fold, without leaving or putting any Clay, Lead, Stones, Sand, Tails, deceitful Locks, Lambs " Wool, or any other " Thing, whereby the " Fleece may be made more " weighty, to the Deceit " and Loss of the Buyer,

" and that I will not use " any other Deceit, Craft,

" Guile, or Fraud, in the lt winding or folding of " any such aforesaid Wool.

'So help me GOD." "An Entry of the administering " and taking of which Oath " -shall be made in the Records " of the said Sessions, and a " Certificate thereof shall be " delivered by the Clerk of the " Peace, or other proper Officer, to the Person who shall y have taken the fame.

" Provided always, and be it " Enacted, That nothing herein " contained, shall be construed to hinder or prevent any One " from employing any Person in winding or folding of " Wool, although such Person " shall not have been sworn in " Manner before mentioned." The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pbelips do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro- Hay Export*, posed. That the ingrossed Bill to prevent the Exporta-tien of Hay, for a Time to be limited, be now read the Third Time i

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question; viz.

To leave out the Word "now," and at the End of the Question to add the Word* " upon this Day Three Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now" stand Part of the Question;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read the Third Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read the Third Time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered to be added to th Bill, by Way of Ryder, for allowing the Exportation of Hay to Gibraltar.

And the said Clause was Thrice readj and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House, to be made Part of the Bill, by Way of Ryder.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

Ordered, That Mr. cTo-jvnJhend do carry the- Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurti, 2 50 Junii;

III11* Regis, 1788.

Georgii

Plan of the Officstre&inj on the Scite of Somerset House, to be returned.

Petition from Noitinsham-Shire, refueling the Slave Trade.

Report on Hay

Exportation Bill further considered.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, proceed to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prevent the Exportation of Hay, for a Time to be limited, was committed.

The House accordingly proceeded to take the said Report into further Consideration.

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill being severally read a Second Time,

Anno 28

Prayers.

/1RDEKED, That the General Plan of the New Offices, erecting on the Scite of Somerset House, which was presented to the House upon the 27th Day of May last, be returned to Sir William Chambers.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clergy, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants of the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; Representing the present State of the African Slave Trade, as being contrary to the Principles of Equity, Humanity, and Religion i and submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the T able.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lyniington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Harry Burrard, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, Desborough, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to RuthndWrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for

Lymingto*

Wnt.

the

electing

of a Knight of the Shire to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Rutland, in the room of Ahomas Noel, Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to vvii.dibi\Vrit. the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Par-

5 liament

28 Geo. III.

25* J

feoyal A (Tent to Bills*

liament for the Borough of Windsor, in the County of Berks, in the room of Penyston Portlock Poxvhey, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Ranger or Keeper of His Majesty’s Little Bark of Windsor.

A Message by Sir Francis Molyneux, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

Majesty, and Attachment to the British Government.

An A<ffc for limiting the Number of Persons to be carried on the Outside of Stage Coaches, or other Carriages.

An Act for the better and more effectual Protestioti of Stocking Ffames, and the Machines, or Engines* annexed thereto, or used therewith, and for the Punishment of Persons destroying or i during of such The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Stocking Frames* Machines* or F igines, and the Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to feve- Framework-knitted Pieces, Stockings, and other Ar-

ral Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the , Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned *

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the De-

ticles and Goods used and made in the Hosiery or Framework-knitted Manufactory, or breaking or destroying any Machinery contained in any Mill or Mills used, or any Way employed, in preparing of spinning of Wool or Cotton for the Use of the Stocking Frame.

An Act for the better Regulation of Chimney

fire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Sweepers and their Apprentices;

Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of An Act for dividing and inclosing the Marsh called Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was Malldraeih and in the County of

read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent and for embanking the said Marsh, and for making to the several Public and Private Bills therein men- Cuts, Channels, and other Works, for draining and tioned and also impowering His Royal Highness the preserving the fame, and for allowing the free Use of Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, such Cuts or Channels with Boats or other Vessels, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the Lord upon the Payment of certain Rates, to be applied President of the Council, and several other Lords, to towards supporting the said Embankments and

declare and notify the Royal Assent to the said Bills And that the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor of Britain, and the Lord Ojlorne, named also in the said Commission, did ac

Works.

An Act to enable the Trustees of the Will of Sir Thomas Dyke Adand, Baronet, to cut down and fell

Timber upon the Estates thereby devised, and to

cordingly declare and notify the Royal Assent to the grant Leases of Part of the same Estates upon Fines,

said Bills which Bills are as followeth viz.

An Act for repealing the Duties on Buck or Deer Skins, undressed, Buck or Deer Skins, Indian half-dressed, and Elk Skins undressed, imported, and on Hides and Skins dressed in Oil in this Kingdom, and for granting other Duties in Lieu thereof* for the Parish of Long Sutton, otherwise Sutton in Holland, laying a Duty on Stuffs printed, painted, stained, or in the County of

dyed, in Great Britain* allowing Deer and other An Act to dissolve the Marriage of Jonathan Skins, the Produce of Florida, to be sold by Auction, Esquire, with Frances Dorrill his now Wife* and to free from the Duty charged on such Sales; for amend- enable him to marry again, and for other Purposes and to invest the Monies, arising therefrom, in the Purchase of Lands and Hereditaments, to be settled to the Uses of the Will.

An Act for dividing and inclosing the Common Marfti, Common Fen, and other Waste Grounds, in

ing several Laws relative to the Revenue of Excise, and to prevent the Sale of Sweets for Consumption in the Houses of Retailers thereof, who shall not have Licences to fell Beer or Ale.

An Act to allow the Importation of Rum, or other Spirits, from His Majesty’s Colonies or Plantations in The West Indies, into the Province of Quebec, without Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have fuf- sufem Bill.

therein mentioned.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds and Mr; The Lord* Pepys: here speed to

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An American »nd

- 6- - - - - East Florida

Payment of Duty, under certain Conditions and Restrictions.

An Act to explain, amend, and reduce into One Act of Parliament, several Laws now in being, for preventing the Exportation of Live Sheep, Rams, and Lambs, Wool, Wool Fells, Mortlings, Shortlings, Yarn, *and Worsted, Cruels, Coverlids, Waddings, t and other Manufactures, or pretended Manufactures, made of Wool slightly wrought up, or otherwise put

fered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Dissentions in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment to the

British Government, and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the Cession of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, inticuled. An tout* of sr. together, so as the same may be reduced to, and made Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity Use of, as Wool again, Mattrasses of Beds fluffed to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of nmy

with combed Wool, or Wool fit for combing, Fullers without any Amendment: And also.

Earth, Fulling Clay, and Tobacco Pipe Clay, from The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Mr. Watson,» this Kingdom, and from the Illes of Jersey, Guernsey, Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Aninilty Bl11' Alderney, Sark, and Man, into Foreign Parts* and Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty to " grant a certain Annuity to Brook Wation, Esquire,

late Commissary General in North America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services " in that Office*" without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An L*dyM*ri»

__ Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the &c.

fons who have suffered in their Rights, Properties, Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Ma- nB,ty 1

and Professions, during the late unhappy Dissentions jesty, intituled, "An Act for settling and securing a in America, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His u certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Maria

Vou XLIII. 7 Z " Wife

for rendering more effectual an Act, passed in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Eighth, intituled, "An Act for the winding of Wool."

An Act for the better securing the Rights of Persons qualified to vote at County Elections.

An Act for appointing Commissioners further to enquire into the Losses and Services of all such Per-

638

25° Junii

A’ 1788.

Earl of New* burgh's Bill.

Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the Most Ho- " an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of the Reign

" nourable Order of the Rath, and Guy Carlton and " of Queen , intituled, An Act for reducing the 'tbomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy Carlton, Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Begin Consideration of the eminent Services performed. " gars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament, " by him to His Majesty, and this Country j" without " and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues, any Amendment: And also, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An " fending them whither they ought to be sent.

Act for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Chark. Radcliffe, deceased, for Life, with Re-

mainder to his first and other Sons, in Tail Male, with the Payment of a clear Yearly Pent Charge of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, payable to the-Grandson of the said Charles Radcliffe, the Right ho-

" as relates to common Players of Interludes and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, "An Act for the better preventing Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places of public Enter- tainment, and punishing Persons keeping disorderly Houses," so far as the same relate to Persons re-

nourable Anthony James Earl of Newburgh, and the presenting Interludes, Tragedies, Comedies, Operas,

Bill respecting Insurances on Ships and Goods.

Hay Exportation Bill.

Invemcfs Court House and Gaol Bill.

Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten i without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have'agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on " Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects," and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purpose in Lieu thereof; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,. An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for taking down the present Court House and

Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Music, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the Cities of London and Westminster, or within Twenty Miles thereof; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill to enable Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in oufofCounti?* certain Cafes, out of the Limits of the Counties for for which they which they shall act; with some Amendments; to Amendment^ which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Bill for regu-

Gaol, and erecting and building a new Court House Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of con- thfe and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of Inver-'

ness; and for appropriating the Sum of One thousand Pounds out of the unexhausted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the fame; without any Amendment: And also,

Whitehaven Harbour and Roads Bill.

troverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve troTerted'0"" in Parliament; with some Amendments; to which Eiefiionj.with Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this Amendmews-House: And also.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Pawnbroker* Act to amend, and make perpetual, an Act, passed in Bill, with

— - - ----- r - Amendment*,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present

Coal Trade Bill, with Amendments.

Act for continuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and Powers " of several Acts of Parliament, relating to the " Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of " berland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven-, and for further " enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the " said Town, and supplying the same with Water;

" and for regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so much of an Act of the Twenty-third " Year of the Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to " the Road from Calder Bridge to Egremont, and di-" resting how the said Road shall be repaired; and " for repairing several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said County;" without any Amendment: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, passed in the Ninth Year uf the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent the " future, Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships, and others, to advance the " Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, " Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and " for the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade;"

Majesty, intituled, "An Act for further regulating " the Trade and Business of Pawnbrokers;" with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord*Amend-. the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Bin tituled, An Act for the further Regulation of the (heTmisof Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Mem- controverted bers to serve in Parliament. freed"*.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as s' followeth; viz-

Pr. 8. 1. 18. After " them" insert " is and."

Pr. 23. 1. 31. Leave out " future," and insert " subsequent."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do

carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration Lord* Amend, the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, in- Trade BiU0*1

and also an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign tituled, An Act to explain and amend an Act, parted agreed to.

Bill to amend A£h relating to Persont

representing Interludes,&c, with AtncnU-’nfatt.

of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal " Trade;" and to indemnify and save harmless all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts; with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House: And also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, in

in the Ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to dissolve the present, and prevent " the future, Combination of Coal Owners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships, and others, to advance the " Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, " Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for " the further Encouragement of the Coal Trade;" and also an Act, passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second,

intituled, An Act for the better Regulation of the tituled, " An Act to explain and amend so roych erf Coal Trade;" and to indemnify and save harm- a less

2 50 J

659

less all Persons who may have incurred certain Penalties or Forfeitures under both or either of the said Acts.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth} viz.

Pr. 4. 1* 3. Leave out from " Periods " to

" constituted," in 1. 9, and in- x fert " which Allowances have."

1. ia. Leave out from " Buyers " to " yet," in 1. 15; and in the same Line, after <c yet," insert great N umbers of."

1. 16. After " against " leave out a great " Number of," and insert " va*

" rious."

1. at. Leave out from " recited " to " should," in 1. aa, and insert " And whereas the Persons " against whom the said Actions *‘ are brought did not introduce " the Practice complained of, t{ but found it an existing Cuf- tom prevalent in the Trade,

when they embarked their Fortunes in it: And whereas " the Actions so brought."

Leave out from " same " to " that," in Pr. 9. 1. 3.

After *« brought " insert " or which " shall be brought."

After " incurred " insert ,f before *‘ the patting of this Act."

Leave out from " them" to" And," in Pr. 11.1. 4, and insert«« and " that the Person or Persons " against whom such Action, " Bill, Plaint, or Information «« hath been or shall be brought, " may plead the General Issue, and upon their Defence give

1. 37’

Pr. p. 1. 7.

I. 10. Pr. 10. 1. 5.

" Information for the fame; in

*‘ His Majesty’s Court of King’s " Bench at Westminst

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 1. Leave out "explain and amend" and insert " to indemnify and " save hatmlefs all Persons whb *‘ may have incurred Penalties ‘‘or Forfeiture* under."

1. ii; Leave out from the first and" to the End of the Title, and insert " for the better, preventing of " Combinations in the Trade of ‘‘ Coals."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Quetlioh severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. William Wyndham Grenville do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordfnips.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Lords Amend-Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled,

An Act to amend an Act, made in the Tenth Year of relating to the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act to explain and amend so much of iud«f&c.'put " an Act, made in the Twelfth Year of tiTe Reign of offforThre*

Queen Armey intituled, An Act for reducing the Monlh*'

" Laws relating to Rogues, Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, into One Act of Parliament,

" and for the more effectual punishing such Rogues,

" Vagabonds, Sturdy Beggars, and Vagrants, and iend-<f ing them whither they ought to be sent, as relates " to common Players of Interludes} "and also, an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of his said late Majesty, intituled, *‘ An Act for the better preventIng Thefts and Robberies, and for regulating Places " of public Entertainment, and punish'tng Persons

so far as the same relate

Cf

" keeping disorderlyHouses; this Act and the special Mat- to Persons representing Interludes, Tragedies, Cometer in Evidence at any dies, Operas, Plays, Farces, or other Entertainments " Trial to be had thereupon;" of the Stage, and to Persons keeping any House, and also insert Clause (A). Room, Garden, or other Place for public Dancing, Clause (A). " And whereas a certain Number Music, or other Entertainment of the like Kind, in the

of Coal Buyers have formed Cities of London and , or withii> Twenty

themselves into a Society, and Miles thereof.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth;

Pr. 4. 1.

held private Meetings at the Coal Exchange, in the City of London, professing to make Regulations for the Purpose of carrying on the Trade in Coals, which Regulations may have a Tendency to prevent the said Trade from being free and open; Be it further Enacted by the Authority u aforesaid, That from and after the First of June One " thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, any Number of Persons united in Covenants or Partnerships, or in any Way whatsoever, con filling' of more than Five Persons, for the purchasing of Coals M for Sale, or for making Regulations with respect to the " Manner of carrying on the " said Trade in Coals, shall be " deemed and adjudged to be u an unlawful Combination to " advance the Price of Coals j u and every Person concerned " therein shall be liable to be puntfbed by Indictment or

2.

insert

it

Liberty

" insert " Liberty

After " County " or Place."

Pr. 5. 1. 6. After " County " or Place."

1. 23. Leave out " there is within," and insert " the several Places fol-" lowing, that is to say, a certain " Place called Sadlers Wells, situate in."

1. 24. After " Clerkenvjell " insert " a certain other Place called The Royalty Theatre, situate in the Parish of Saint Mary, both."

Leave out " House or," and insert " other."

Leave out from "called " to " been " in 1.30. and insert" The Royal Grove " Amphitheatre, situate in the Parish of Sa Mary, Lambeth-, and

a certain other Place called The Royal Circus, situate in the Pari fli of Saint George the Martyr, x both in the County of ."

I. 31. Leave out " a Place," and insert " Places."

1.33. Leave out from " Pantomime " to

" and"

1. 25.

1. 26.

(C

it

tt

n

it

a

*0

t$°9 *6°, 2 70

17 & 8*.

n and " in 1. 34; and in the same Line, after " and, " leave out " has," and insert " have."

1. 35. Leave out from " been " to " licensed," in 1. 36.

L 38. Leave out " County," and insert " said Counties j" and in the same Line,after "," insert "and " Surrey, and the Precinct and Liberty of the ’Tower Hamlet respectively."

I. 39 7 Leave out " an House or Place," and & 40. y insert " Places."

Pr. 6. 1. 4. Leave out " long."

1, 5. Leave out " Place," and insert " Places}" and in the same Line, after " as," leave out " a Place," and insert " Places."

1. 6. After " and " leave out " its," and insert " their;" and in the same Line leave out from " been " to " licensed," in Line 7, and insert so."

1. 8. Leave out from " Magistrates " to , " the " in Line 11, and insert " as

" aforesaid."

1. 13. After " said" leave out " Place," and insert "Places;" and in the same Line leave out Trom " have " to " been" in Line 18.

1. 2a 7 Leave out from " Entertainments "

& 23. J to " Be " in Line 26.

1. 28. Leave out from " said " to " to," in 1. 29, and insert " several Places " respectively."

1. 35. Leave out " Licence," and insert " Licences."

1. 37. Leave out " County," and insert " Counties."

1. 38. After " Middlesex " insert " and Surrey, and the Precinct and Liberty

" of the Tower Hamlet respectively."

1. 39. Leave out from " said " to " a " in Line 40. and insert Places respectively."

Pr. 7, 1,10. After " Proprietor" insert " or Proprietors;" and in the same Line leave out from " said " to " in," in Line 11. and insert " Places respectively."

1. 17. Leave out from " said " to " And," in Line 18, and insert " Places."

1. 2$. Leave out from " said" to " to," in Line 26, and insert " Places respectively."

1. 37. Leave out from " said " to " to," in Line 38, and insert " Places respectively."

Pr. 8. 1. 7. Leave out from " Chamberlain " to " And," in Line 23, and insert Clause (A).

Cl AUSE (A). " Provided always, That it shall " not be lawful for the Proprietor " or Proprietors of the said Places, " or for any other Person whatever, to fell, give, or supply any " Spirituous Liquors, Wine, or " Beer, within the said Places of " Entertainment, during the Time of any Exhibition therein, not-

any of the said Places as aforesaid shall contain a Clause prohibiting the felling of the said " Liquor, as hereinbefore mentioned; and in case the Propriefor or Proprietors of the said " Places, or of any of them, shall " offend again!!; the fame, the Licence to such Proprietor or Proprietors of the said Places respectively so offending shall be " and the same is hereby declared " to be void."

1. 25. Leave out from " said " to " shall,’* in Line 26, and insert " Places, or " any of them."

1. 36. Leave out from " said " so in," in Line 37, and insert " Places respectively, or any of them."

Pr. 9. 1. 7. Leave out from " said " to " in,"'in Line 8, and insert " Places respectively, or any of them."

1. 17. Leave out from " said " to " to," in Line 18, and insert " Places respectively, or any of them."

1. 31. Leave out from " at" to " any," in Line 32, and insert " the said " Places respectively, or any of ft them."

1. 40. Leave out from " said " to " or," in Press 10, Line 1, and insert " Places respectively, or any of " them."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

JoviS) 26° dieJunii j

Anno 28° Georgii III*11 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House id-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were iourne<1* not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 270 Junii;

Anno a8# Georgii III*14 Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Leeds, The Lord* and Mr. Pepys: have agreed te

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Scotch Distil-

" withstanding any Licence which Act for discontinuing, for a limited Time, the fe- lery Bl11* tc such Proprietor or Proprietors, veral Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines " or other Person may have for and Spirits, and upon Worts, Walh, and other Lifelling such Liquors; and that quors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for " every Licence to be granted to granting to His Majesty other Duties in Lieu thereof;

3 and

2 ?° j

641

and for better regulating the Exportation of made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act> made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in Lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for dif-/ continuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and

Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from The West Indies; without any Amendment.

And then the Mefltngers withdrew.

House refoives Resolved, That this House will, at the Riling of Monday" ' t^lc ^ou^e £his Day, adjourn till Monday Morning y* next.

£or<is Amendment* to Pawnbrokers 9ill agreed to.

1.1.11 1

& 12.3

1.27.

1.28.

Lord* Amend* nents to Bill to enable Justices to act out of Counties for which they shall act, agreed to«

The House proceeded to take into Consideratiort the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to amend, and make perpetual, an Act, passed in the Twenty-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for fur- ther regulating the Trade and Business of Pawn-« brokers."

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. I. 11 ? Leave out " made perpetual," and insert " continued for a further " Time."

Leave out " made," and insert "continued."

Leave out " perpetual," and insert " in force for One Year from the "»f First Day of June One thousand " Seven hundred and Eightyeight, and from thence to the " End of the next Sclfions of Parliament."

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 1. After " and " leave out " make perpetual," and insert " continue " for a limited Time."

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Alderman Le Mejurier do carry the Bill to the Lords* and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain Cafes, out of the Limits of the Counties for which they shall act.

And the said Amendments were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Leave out from " Whereas " to " the " in 1. 9.

Leave out from "Justice " to " For," in 1. 19. and insert " is frequently " obstructed for Want of resident " Justices of the Peace, and might "be much furthered in case the " Justices acting for Two or more " adjoining Counties are enabled " to act for the same if Personally " present in either of those in " wh'ch they aft."

1. J29. Leave out from " Act " to " it " in

1. 37. Leave out from " for " to " to " in Pr. 2. 1. 6. and insert " any Two

Vol. XLIII.

Pr. 1. 1. 1.

1.

Pr. 2. 1. 9.

1. 25.

1; 28.

1- j4-

1. 38-

Prt 3. 1. 7.

or more Counties, being adjoining Counties."

Leave out from " to " to " and " in 1. 14, and insert " any or either of <c the said Counties." ,

Leave out from " such " to and" in 1. 26, and insert " Act or Acts ,f more particularly relate."

Leave out from " County " to tc are" in 1. 30, and info t " or Counties " to which such Act or Acts re- late."

Leave out from " done " to " and " in 1. 36.

Leave out from " Duties " to " under" in Pr. 3.1. 4.

After " Duty" insert, " Provided " always, That such Justice or Justices be Personally resident in; " One of the said Counties at the " Time of doing such Act or Acts: Provided also, That the " Warrants, Orders, or Directions, " so to be given and granted, be " directed and given in the first " Instance to the Constable or " other Officer of the County to " which the same more particu- larly relate."

Leave out from " Persons " to f‘ apprehending," in 1. 18.

Leave out from " Custody " to " any," in 1. 20.

1. 32. Leave out from " County " to re- fident," in 1. 35, and insert " and*" and in the same Line leave out from " resident " to " County," in 1. 36, and insert " in such adjoiningand in the same Line leave out from {t County " to " and, " in 1.38, and insert "as aforesaid."

Pr. 4. 1. 8. Leave out " District*" and insert " County."

1. 9. Leave out from " belong " to *‘and," in 1.11.

1. 18. Leave out from "adjoining" to as," in 1. 19.

I. 27. Leave out from " the " to " County," in'Line 28; and in the same Line leave out from " County " to " And," in 1. 30, and insert for " which the said Constables, Ty-« thingmen, Headboroughs, or other Peace Officers, were ap- pointed to act."

Pr. 5. 1. 2. Leave out from " respectively " to " any," in 1. 5.

Leave out from

h 15. 1. 19.

1. 9. I. 16.

« Custody’ Leave out from " adjoining ’

" to," in 1.12.

to

to

1. 20. 1. 21.

1. 28.

<C

County

to

Pr. 7. 1. 7

in," in 1. 18.

Leave out "said."

Leave out from " and, " in 1. 22, and insert " wherein such Offence was done " or committed."

Leave out from " aforesaid " to " shall," in 1. 30.

1. 40, Leave out " said j,# and in the same Line leave out from " County " to And," in Pr. 6.1. 2, and insert " wherein such Often ce was done " or committed." taveoutfrom "large " to "such," i A in

A. 1788

27°, 3°° Junii — i°, 20,

30, 40 Julii.

Newcastle under Line Writ.

Wcobley Writ.

in 1. 9, and insert " not being Justices for."

1. 10. Leave out from " Precinct " to " or," in I. 12.

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 4. Leave out " for," and insert " in ;" and in the same Line and Line 5, leave out " fh?l! id," and insert " actually arc.’

The said Amendments being severally read a Second Time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jack/on do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the Amendments made by their Lordships.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of under Line, in

the County of Stafford, in the room of Sir Archibald Macdonald, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Attorney General to His Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of

Hereford, in the room of Sir John Scott, Knight, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Solicitor General to His Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning next, Ten of the Clock.

Mercurii, 2° die Julii;

Anno 28° Georgii III'" Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr. House ad-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were )ou,ned-not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

Jovis, 30 die Julii;

Anno 28° Georgii III*1' Regis, 1788.

Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mf. Housead-Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were iourn*d* not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr.

Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning,

Ten of the Clock.

House adjourned.

House adjourned.

Lunce,30° Junii j Anno 28* Georgii IIP11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Mart is, 1° die Julii;

Anno 28° Georgii III'11 Regis, 1788. Prayers.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present-; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

V eneris, 40 Julii;

Anno 28° Georgii III'" Regis, 1788. Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr. Htlford and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for providing certain Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of the Natives of Africa, in British Ships, to The West Indies, and elsewhere, with some Amendments; to which Amendments the Lords desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message by Mr. £>uarme, Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission, for declaring His Royal Assent to several Acts agreed upon by both Houses, do desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable Floufe in the House of Peers, to hear the Commission read.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers.

And being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That the House, at the Desire of the Lords authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s Commission aforementioned, had been at the House of Peers, where a Commission under the Great Seal was read, giving, declaring, and notifying the Royal Assent to the several Public Bills therein mentioned; and also impowering His Royal Highness the Prince of Wales, the Lord Archbishop of Canterbury, the Lord High Chancellor of Great Britain, the" Lord President of the Council, and several

The Lords have agreed to

African Slave Bill with Amendments.

Royal After* to Bills.

28 Geo. III.

4° Juki.

643

veral other Lords, to declare and notify the Royal Act Act to indemnify and save harmless all Personi Assent to the said Bills: And that the Lord Arch- who may have incurred Penalties or Forfeitures under bishop of Canterbury, and the Lord High Chancellor an Act, passed in the Ninth Year of the Reign of

of Great Britain, and the Lord Steward of His Majesty’s Household, named also in the said Commission, did accordingly declare and notify the Royal Afient to the said Bills: Which Bills are as followeth; viz.

An Act for giving Relief to such Persons as have suffered in their Rights and Properties during the late unhappy Difientions in Am, in Consequence of their Loyalty to His Majesty, and Attachment co the British Government; and for making Compensation to such Persons as have suffered in their Properties in Consequence of the CdTion of the Province of East Florida to the King of Spain.

An Act for distonrinuing, for a limited Time, the

Queen Anne, intituled, "An Act to dissolve the present; and prevent the future, Combination of Coal " Owners, Lightermen, Matters of Ships, and others, to advance the Price of Coals, in Prejudice of the Navigation, Trade, and Manufactures of this Kingdom, and for the further Encouragement of the " Coal Trade;" and also, an Act passed in the Third Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King George the Second, intituled, "An Act for the better Regulation of the Coal Trade and for the better preventing of Combinations in the Trade of Coals.

An Act for taking down the present Court House and Gaol, and erecting and building a new Coure

several Duties payable in Scotland upon Low Wines House and Gaol, in and for the Town and County of

Inverness; and for appropriating the Sum of One thousand Pounds out of the unexhautted Balance or Surplus arising from the forfeited Estates in North Britain, towards erecting and building the fame.

An Act to amend and continue for a limited Time; an Act, passed in the Twenry-seventh Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act: " for further regulating the Trade and Business of " Pawnbrokers."

An Act for continuing an Act, made in the Second Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for enlarging the Term and " Powers of several Acts of Parliament, relating to " the Harbour of Whitehaven, in the County of Cumberland, and to the Roads leading to the said Harbour and Town of Whitehaven; and for further enlarging the said Harbour; and for lighting the said " Town, and supplying the same with Water; and for " regulating the Carmen there; and for repealing so " much of an Act of the Twenty-third Year of the " Reign of his late Majesty, as relates to the Road " from Colder Bridge to Egremont, and directing how " securing a certain Annuity for the Use of Lady Ma- " the said Road shall and for repairing

and Spirits, and upon Worts, Wash, and other Liquors, there used in the Distillation of Spirits, and for granting to His Majesty other Duties in lieu thereof; and for better regulating the Exportation of British-made Spirits from England to Scotland, and from Scotland to England-, and to continue, for a limited Time, an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, to discontinue, for a limited Time, the Payment of the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits for Home Consumption, and for granting and securing the due Payment of other Duties in lieu thereof, and for the better Regulation of the making and vending British Spirits, and for discontinuing, for a limited Time, certain Imports and Duties upon Rum and Spirits imported from Indies.

An Act to enable His Majesty to grant a certain Annuity to the Most Noble Aubrey Duke of Saint Albans.

An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for settling and

" ria Carlton, Wife of Sir Guy Carlton, Knight of the " Most Honourable Order of the Bath, and Guy Carlton and Thomas Carlton, Sons of the said Sir Guy uCarlton, in Consideration of the eminent Services " performed by him to His Majesty and this Country."

An Act for obviating a Doubt in an Act, made in

" several other Roads therein mentioned, in the said " County."

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue. his Warrant to Hindon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present in the room of Esquire, who.

Majesty, intituled, "An Act to enable His Majesty " to grant a certain Annuity to Brook Wation, Esquire, " late Commissary General in America, in Consideration of his diligent and meritorious Services " in that Office."

An Act for charging several Estates in the Counties of Northumberland, Cumberland, and Durham, settled upon the late Charles Ra deceased, for Life, with Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male, with the Payment of

since his EJeftion for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Chief Justice of Chester.

Ordered, That Mr.'Speaker do issue his Warrant to Woodfto«k the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Wriu the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of New in the County of Oxford, in the room of Francis Burton,

Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Second Justice of the

with the Payment of 3 clear Yearly Relit Charge of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds pay- Counties of Chester, Flint, Denbigh, and 'Montgomery. able to the Grandson of the said Charles Radcliffe, the

Right honourable Anthony James, Earl of Newburgh,

and the Heirs Male of his Body to be begotten.

An Act to prohibit, for a limited Time, the Exportation of Hay.

An Act for the further Regulation of the Trials of controverted Elections, or Returns of Members to serve in Parliament.

An Act to enable Justices of the Peace to act as such, in certain Cafes, out of the Limits of the Counties in which they actually are.

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Twenty-fifth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, intituled, "An Act for regulating Insurances on Ships, and on " Goods, Merchandizes, or Effects," and for substituting other Provisions for the like Purpose in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for Writ, the electing of a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of frlaidftin the County of Kent, in the room of Gerard Noel Edwards, Esquire, who, since his Election for the said Borough, hath accepted the Office of Steward or Bailiff of His Majesty’s Three Chiltern Hundreds of Stoke, and Bonenham, in the County of Buckingham.

A Motion was made, and the Question being put, Mol!on for That there be prepared, in order to be laid before Account of this House early in the next Session of Parliament, an Account of the Annual Balances of the Dead Calli Cith in tht and Securities in the Bank of England, belonging to the Suitors of the Court of Chancery, from the ill of $ Oflcbtr

JVeg.

4° Julii. 1788.

ORober 1739 to the 25th Day of March 1788, distin-guiffiing the Dead Calli from the Securities in each Year 5 together with the Totals;

It passed in the Negative.

lord«Amend- The House proceeded to take into Consideration MrTsiave^m Amendments made by the Lords to the Bill, input off for j tituled, An Act for providing certain Temporary Re-

Month*. gulations respecting the Transportation of the Native^ of Africa, in British Ships* to The West Indies, andelfe-where.

And the said Amendments were read} and are as followeth; viz.

Pr» 1. h 1. Leave out from " expedient" to " Be " in Line 6, and insert " regulate the shipping and carrying of Slaves, in British Vessels,

" from the Coast of Africa to His Majesty’s I (lands and Planta- tiens in Indies-," and in

the same Line, after " Enacted," insert "And it is hereby Enacted."

1. 13. Leave out from "That " to " it," in Line 15.

1. 17. After " taking" insert "or having."

1. 18. After " any " insert " British."

1. 19* Leave out from " whatever " to to" in Line 21, and insert " which shall clear out from any " Port of this Kingdom, from and " after the First Day of August " One thousand Seven, hundred " and Eighty-eight."

1. 23. Leave out from " transport " to " from " in Line 24, and insert " Slaves."

1. 25. Leave out " thereof," and insert "of " Africa."

1. 27. Leave out from Majesty " to "in" in Line 29.

1. 31. Leave out from "the" to*shall" in Prels 2. Line 19, and insert " Proportion of Five such Slaves for every Three Tons of the rt Burthen of such Ship or Vessel,

" so far as the said Ship or Vessel " shall not exceed Two hundred

" and One Tons, and moreover of

" One such Slave for every additional Ton of such Ship or Vessel, over and above the said Burthen of Two hundred and One " Tons: Provided always, That

" the Number of Male Slaves

" who shall exceed Four Feet Four " Inches in Heighth shall never exceed in any such Ship or Vef-

’ ' " fel the Proportion of One such

" Male Slave to every One Ton . " of the Burthen of such Ship or

" Vessel, so far as the said Ship or Vessel shall not exceed Two " hundred and One Tons; and " (moreover) of Three such Male " Slaves (who shall exceed the said " Heighth of Four Feet Four ' " Inches for every additional Five

Tons of such Ship or Vessel, " over and above the said Burthen " of Two hundred and One Tons, " and every such Ship or Vef-« fel."

Pr. 2. 1. 20, Leave out " the " and insert " of " such;" and in the same Line, after " Tonnage," insert " or Burthen as is."

1. 29 7 Leave out from "Navigation" to 6 c30. 3 " And " in Line 39, and insert

" and if any such Matter, or other " Person, taking or having the " Charge or Comnrtand of any such " Ship or Vessel, shall act contrary " hereto, such Matter or other " Person as aforesaid shall forfeit " and pay the Sum of Thirty " Pounds, of lawful Money of " Great Brifor eachand every such Slave exceeding in Number the Proportions hereinbefore limited, One Moiety where-of shall go to His Majesty, His " Heirs or Successors, and the " other Moiety thereof shall go to " any Person or Persons who shall " first sue for the same: Provided " always. That if there shall be in " any such Ship or Vessel any more " than Two-fifth Parts of the " Slaves who shall be Children,

" and who shall not exceed Four " Feet Four Inches in Heighth, " then every Five such Children (over and above the aforesaid Proportion of Two-Fifths) " shall be deemed and taken to " be equal to Four of the said " Slaves, within the true Intent " and Meaning of this Act; and " if the Matter, or other Person, " taking or having the Charge or " Command of any such Ship or. " Vessel, shall act contrary hereto, " he shall forfeit and pay the Sum " of One hundred Pounds of lawful Money of Great Britain for " each and every such Slave who " shall be, or shall have been, at " any One Time during the said " Voyage, on Board any such " Ship or Vessel, over and above " the said Number of Four hundred of such Slaves hereinbefore " limited, which Forfeiture shall " go in Two equal Parts as aforesaid."

Pr. 3. 1. 6. Leave out from " Africa " to " the" in Line 8, and insert " carrying " or conveying any such Slaves as " aforesaid."

1. n. Leave out from "shall" to "before" in Line 13.

1. 14. Leave out " Natives," and insert " Slaves."

1. 21. Leave out " fame," and insert " said Oath."

} After " Vessel " insert " and shall."

1. 23. Leave out " shewing," and insert " shew."

1. 25, After " and " insert " shall also deliver to the said Officer upon Oath (who is hereby authorized and " required to administer the said " Oath) an exact and true Account of."

L26. Leave out from "of" to "at" in Line 27, and insert such Slaves, " and specify the Number of such " Slaves as shall exceed the aforesaid Heighth of Four Feet Four " Inches, who were or shall have " been."

I. 31.

4° Ju

a8 GeO, III.

1. 31. Leave out" present.'*

1. 32. Leave out " he," and insert " such u Master, or other Person taking " or having the Charge or Command of any such Ship or Vesselj" and in the same Line leave out from "shall " to " And " in Press 4, Line 4, and insert " unship or land, or shall cause to be <c unshipped or landed, or shall " wilfully permit or suffer to be " unshipped or landed, any such " Slaves, contrary to the true In-

" tent and Meaning of this Act, such Master, or other Person " as aforesaid, shall forfeit and " pay the Sum of Five hundred " Pounds, of lawful Money cf " Great , for such Offence

" or Offences (and for every Time he shall commit such Offence " or Offences, the like Sum of " Five hundred Pounds of like " lawful Money) and One Moiety "of the said Forfeiture shall go to " His Majesty, His Heirs or Successors, and the other Moiety of " the said Forfeiture shall go tcf " the Person or Persons who shall " first sue for the fameand in the same Line leave out from t£ and" to "And" in Line 26, and insert" it shall and may be lawful for such Collector, or other ct Chief Officer of the Customs, " and he is hereby required to " search, or (by Means of some " other Officer or Officers of the " Customs) to cause Search to be , " made in every Part of such Ship

" or Vessel, to fee and to take an " Account of the Number of such " Slaves on Board such Ship or *c Vessel, and specifying in such " Account the Number of Slaves " not exceeding Four Feet Four " Inches in Heighth: Provided " always, That in case the said " Collector, or other Chief Offi- cer of the Customs, shall be " absent, or that there shall be no " such Officer in any such Island " where the said Ship shall arrive'

" as aforesaid, or in case there " shall be no such other Officer of " the Revenue, then any Civil " Officer in the said Island shall " be, and he is hereby authorized " and required, upon Application " as aforesaid, to administer the " said Oath to such Master, or " other Person, taking or having " the Charge of such Vessel, and to receive the said Declaration " of the Burthen of such Ship as " aforesaid."

Pr, 4. 1. 28. After " taking " insert " or hav-« ing."

1. 29. After "of" Insert " any," and in the same Line, after " Vessel," insert " as aforesaid, which,"

1. 30. After " shall " leave out " be permitted or allowed to," and insert " be cleared out from any " Port in Great Britain, after the " First Day of August One thou-

Vol. XLIII.

645

u sand Seven hundred and Eightyeight, shall at any Time take " or."

* 31* Leave out from " Board" to " convey" in Line 32, and insert " such Ship or Vessel, or."

~3* Leave out from " any " to " from " in Line 34, and insert "Slaves;" and in the same Line leave out " thereof," and insert " of Africa." Leave out from Majesty " to " in" in Line 4; and in the same Line, after " any," insert "such." Leave out from " Vessel " to " unless" in Line 7, and insert " as " aforesaid."

► Leave oht " the Chief Mate and."

Second " the " in Line 20, and insert " and shall leave the same in the Hands of."

and in the same Line leave out " Ports respectively," and insert Port."

Leave out "Two," and insert " One." Leave out from " such " to " Surgeon."

Leave out from " shall " to " keep " in Line 5.

After " the " insert " greatest."

Leave out from " of" to " which " in Line 8, and insert " Slaves." Leave out " One;" and in the same Line leave out from " Voyage" to " on " in Line 10.

Leave out from " Vessel" to "from" in Line 17.

1. 19. Leave out from " " to "for"

in Line ai.

1. 23. Leave out " Natives,"'and inlert " Slaves."

I. 24. After " said " insert "Ship or."

J. 30. After <c the " insert " said."

1. 31. Leave out from " Islands" to "or " in Line 32.

1. 33. Leave out "he," and insert " such " Surgeon."

1. 35. Leave out from " said to " Surgeon " in Line 36; and in the same Line, after " shall," leave out " respectively deliver" in Line 37, and insert "lay before and " shew."

1. 38. Leave out " Chief;" and in the same Line leave out from " Officer " to " before," in Line 39, and insert " as aforesaid."

Pr. 7. 1. 3. After " herein insert" befo

1. 4. Leave out the First " respectively;" and in the same Line leave out the Second "respectively."

1. 6. Leave out " Chief."

1. 7. Leave out from " to "who,"

and insert" as aforesaid."

1. 9. Leave out " fame," and insert "said " Oath."

I. 13. Leave out " fame," and insert " said

" Journal."

J. 17. Leave out from "such" to "Sur-

" geon."

I.18.Leave out " respectively."

1. 20. Leave out " Chief;" and in the same 8 B Line

1?r. 5. 1. 3-

1. 5-

h 16

& r7*

1. OO

1. 19.

i. 21;

1. 22.

Pr. 6; 1. 2.

1. 3-

1. 4*

1. 6.

1. 7-

1. 9‘

1. 11.

4° Jutii.

Line leave out from " Officer " to " to " in Line 21, and insert " as " aforesaid."

1. 2$; Leave out " Chief," and in the same Line, after «Officer," insert "as " aforesaid."

1. 26. Leave out from " Matter " to " Surgeon," in Line 27, and insert " or other Person as aforesaid, and " to such ;" and in the same Line leave out " attested," and insert " respectively j" and in the same Line leave out " such," and insert " the."

1. 28. Leave out " and, " and insert " of such Matter or other Person as " aforesaid, and also of the said and in the same Line leave out from "Journals" to "‘Seal" in Line 29, and insert " which Copies shall severally be attested as,

" true Copies by such Collector or " other Officer as aforesaid, under " his Hand andand in the same Line leave out from " Seal " to " be," and insert " and the said " Copies shall."

30. Leave out " them," and insert " such " Matter or other Person as aforesaid, and by such Surgeon re-" spettively." k 3* After " Port" insert " in Great Britain"

’! 34* After " Officer " insert " in Great Britain."

1* 37. Leave out from " L" to " And" in Press 9. Line 1.

9* 1.6. After " to" insert " fuchj" and in the same Line leave out from " Ships " to " in," in Line 12, and insert " as aforesaid, as shall " have failed before the First Day " of August One thousand Seven " hundred and Eighty-eight, from " any Port of Great , and

" shall, on the Coast of,

" take on Board and convey any " Slaves to any of the Islands in " The West Indies belonging to or " under the Dominion of His Majesty."

1. 15. Leave out from " Ship" to " before," in Line 17.

1. iS. Leave out from " of" to " than," in Line 19, and insert " Slaves}" and in the same Line, after " than " insert " in."

1. 20. Leave out " directed," and insert " limited."

1. 21. After " any" insert " such."

1. 22. After " Ship " insert " as aforesaid."

1. 23. Leave out " Natives," and insert " Slaves of any Description."

1. 14. After "than" insert "in}" and in the same Line, after " Proportiens," insert " as aforesaid."

1. 2^. Leave out from " delivered " to " it" in Line 26, and insert " to such " Commander or principal Officer " as aforesaid."

1. 27. Leave out " the," and insert " such;" and in the same Line, after " Commander," insert or principal " Officer as aforesaid."

1. jo. After " said" insert "Description

1788.

of}" and in the same Line " leave out " Natives," and insert " Slaves}" and in the same Line leave out " were," and inferc " shall have been."

I.31. Leave out from delivered" to " of" in Line 32, and insert " or " of any other Description of " Slaves, so as to exceed in the " Whole the Proportions hereinbefore prescribed, reckoning " Five Children who shall not exceed Four Feet Four Inches in " Heighth as equal to Four " grown Slaves as aforesaid} and " if any such Matter or other Person as aforesaid shall act contrary hereto, he shall forfeit and " pay the Sum}" and in the same Lane leave out " Fifty," and insert "Thirty}" and in the same Line, after " Pounds," insert " of " lawful Money of Great Britain."

1. 33. Leave out " Native," and insert " Slave."

1. 34. After " Board " insert " and One " Moiety of the said Forfeiture " shall go to His Majesty, Hia " Heirs and Successors, and the " other Moiety to any Person or " Persons who shall first sue for " the fame.’*

1. 37. Leave out " Tenth," and insert " First}" and in the same Line leave out " and insert

« August"

Pr. 10. 1. 6. Leave out from "Ships" to "which" in Line 8, and insert " or Vessels."

1. 9. After " and " insert " he and."

1. 10. After " they " insert " is and}" and in the same Line leave out from " to " to the First " the " in Line 11, and insert " take an Account " of 5" and in the same Line leave out " Numbers," and insert " Number}" and in the same Line leave out from " of" to " on " in Line 12, and insert " the " Slaves, their Sex, and such of " them as shall exceed the Heighth " of Four Feet Four Inches." . 1.12. After " Ships " insert " as they shall " find on the Coast of , or " the Seas adjacent thereto."

1. 16. Leave out " either."

1. 17. Leave out from " said" to " and " in Line 18, and insert " Slaves."

1. 23. Leave out from " Indies to " a " in Line 25.

1. 29. After " thereof" insert together " with such Account so taken in " each Vessel as aforesaid."

L 33. After " any " insert " such }" and in the same Line leave out from " British to " shall " in Line 34, and insert " Ship as aforesaid }" and in the same Line leave out " the," and insert " any."

1. 37. Leave out from " provided " to > " from " in Line 40} and in the same Line, after " from," insert " examining and}" and in the „ same Line leave out from " of "

2o Geo. III. 4* 647

to " in" in Line 41, and insert " Slaves and in the same Line, after " Ship," insert " or Vessel in " Manner aforesaid."

Pr. xi. 1. 1. Leave out " other principal."

1. a. After " or " insert " other;" and in the same Line ieave out from " Person " to " shall " in Line 3, and insert " so obstructing or hindering as aforesaid j" and in the same Line, after " shall," insert " for every such Offence."

1. 4. Leave out " Thousand," and.insert " Hundred}" aryl ’ in the same Line, after " Pounds," insert " of " lawful Money of Great Britain.’* 1. 5. Leave out " Half," and insert " Moiety."

1. 6. After Majesty " insert " His Heirs " and Successorsand in the same Line, after " other," insert " Moiety."

1. 8. Leave out from " same " to " And " in Line 15.

'1. 19. After " any " insert " Court of Oyer " and Terminer in any."

1. ao. After " En" insert wherein " such Offence shall have been " committed, or in case such Offence shall have been committed " in Parts beyond the Seas, then "in such County within which the " Ship on Board which such Offence shall have been committed shall have cleared out, or in the County of Middlesex."

1. <4. Leave'out from "Britain" to "And " in Line aand insert " and in every " such Action or Suit the Party et against whom Judgment shall be given (whether Plaintiff or De-\ " fendant) shall pay Double Costs

" of Suit} and every such Action shall and may be brought at any *« Time within Three Years after " the Offence committed, and not " afterwards, and every such Action " shall be carried on without wil- ful Delay: Provided always, that " nothing in this Act contained shall extend, or be construed to " extend, to the same of a Ship " taking on Board any Number of " Slaves that shall be found shipwrecked, or from on Board any " other Ship or Vessel, where, by " Reason of Mutiny or Insurrectien among the Slaves or the " Crew, or by Failure of Hands,

" or by any actual Distress of the " Vessel, the Mailer or Commander shall be disabled from governing the Ship, or continuing " the Voyage, the Proof of which " shall lie upon the Mailer or Person having Charge of such Ship " or Vessel, so taking on Board " such Slaves." Likewise insert Clauses (A), (B), (C), (D), (E),

(F), and (G).

Clause (A). And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That in " every such Ship or Vessel, the Upper as well as the Lower Cabin,

" and the Space between Decks,

" shall be allotted and properly

" prepared for the Reception of " the said Slaves; and that after " any such Ship or Vessel shall " have taken Two Thirds of her " Complement of Slaves on Board, " in the Proportions hereinbefore " directed, no Goods, Wares, or " Merchandize, shall ever be stowed or put in any such Cabin or " Place in which any such Slaves " shall be.

Clause (B). " And be it further Enacted by the ft Authority aforesaid, That if any " Person taking any Oath by this lt Act authorized or required to " be taken, shall thereby commit " wilful Perjury, or if any Person " shall unlawfully procure or fuborn any Person to take any Oath " by this Act authorized or required to be taken, whereby " such Person shall commit wilful " Perjury, every such Person shall " incurandfufferthelikePainsand " Penalties as are by Law inflicted upon Persons committing wilful " and corrupt Perjury, or Subor-«« nation of Perjury.

Clause (C). " And whereas Cafes may occur in " which it may be just and reasonable that Compensation should be made to Individuals who " may sustain Lolfes in Confe-,e quence of this Act; Be it fur* " ther Enacted, That it shall and may be lawful for His Majesty, " by Letters Patent under the " Great Seal of Great , to " authorize and empower proper " Persons as Commissioners, to " enquire into any Lolfes sustained " in Consequence of this Act, by " the Owners of any Ships or " Vessels engaged in the African " Trade j and that all Persons who " have sustained, or conceive they " may sustain, any such Lolfes,

" shall make Application to the " said Commissioners before the " First Day of September next ensuing, and shall Hate to the said " Commissioners, as far as they " may then be able^ the Nature " and Grounds of 'their several " Claims j and the said Commismissioners shall direct the said " Complainants to make out and " keep minute Accounts of all " the Expences, Profits, or f^ofTes,

" and of all Circumstances which " may appear to rhem necessary " for their Information, and in < " such Manner as they shall direst, for ascertaining the Loftes " of the said and the said Commissioners shall " have Power to examine upon " Oath, touching the Matters of " the said Complaints, all Persons whom the said Commissioners " shall think fit; and all Persons "are hereby directed and required " pundually to attend the said " Commissioners at such Time or " Place as (hey shall appoint: And " the said Commissioners, when

" such

4° Julii. A. 1788.

*' such Complainants shall have Ci " complied with such Directions,

" shall determine the Amount of the Losses which bona fide have " been sustained by any of the said " Claimants in Consequence of " this Act, and which the said " Claimants have not been able to " avoid, and shall report, as soon as conveniently may be, to both " Houses of Parliament, what *» Compensation shall appear to " the said Commissioners to be reasonable to be made to such " Claimants; and the said Commissioners, before they proceed to take any Step in pursuance " of this Act, shall take an Oath " before the Matter of the Rolls " for the Time being, or One of 1 His Majesty’s Justices of the Court of King’s Bench or Common Pleas, or One of the Barons u of the Exchequer, which they,

or either of them, are hereby " authorized and required to ad- minister, in the Form following; (that is to say:)

" I A. B. do swear. That according to the best of my Skill and Knowledge I will " faithfully and impartially " execute the several Powers " and Trusts vetted in me by *« His Majesty’s Commission,

" in virtue of an Act, intituled, An Act to regulate " the shipping and carrying " Slaves in British Vessels from " the Coast of Africa to His Majesty’s Islands and Plantations in 'The West Indies" Clause (D). " And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That from " and after the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight, it shall not be lawful for any Person to " become a Matter, or to take or " have the Command or Charge of any such Ship or Vessel, at the Time Ihe shall clear out ' " from any Port of Great Bri-

w tain, for purchasing and carrying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, unless such Matter, or Person talcing or having the " Charge or Command of any such " Ship or Vessel, shall have already served in such Capacity during One Voyage, or shall " have served as Chief Mate during Two Voyages, or as First or " other Mate during Three Voyages, in purchasing and carry-. " ing Slaves from the Coast of Africa, under Pain that such " Mailer, or Person taking or hav- ing the Charge or Command of " any such Ship or Vessel, and " also the Owner or Owners who " shall hire or employ such Person, shall, for every such Offence respectively, forfeit and " pay the Sum of Fifty Pounds.

a use (E). " And be it further Enacted by the " Authority aforesaid, That from " and after the First Day of August One thousand Seven hundred and Eighty-eight it shall *< not be lawful for any Owner or " Owners of any such Ship or *c Vessel to insure any Cargo of " Slaves, or any Part thereof, on ,f Board the fame, against any Loss " or Damage, save and except the " Perils of the Sea, Piracy, In*

*c furreftion, or Capture by the " King’s Enemies, and Dellruc*

" tien by Fire j and that all and <c every Policy of Insurance here- after made contrary to this Act

" shall be, and the same is hereby " declared to be null and void, to " all Intents and Purposes whatsoever.

Clause (F). And be it further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That no " such Ship or Vessel shall be allowed to clear out, unless it shall " appear to the Collector, or other principal Officer of the Customs " at the Port, that there is One " Surgeon, at least, engaged to proceed on Board such Ship or Vessel.

Clause (G). " Provided always, and be it further " Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That nothing in this Act <c contained shall extend, or be construed to extend, to prevent *< any Person or Persons who is or " are now under Contraft to furnish f< any Foreign Sovereign or State with a certain Number of Slaves Annually, from carrying Slaves c< in any Ship or Vessel to the Countries belonging to such <c Foreign Sovereign or State, in " such Numbers and Proportions as may be required by the Terms of such Contraft."

1. 29. L^ave out " June" and insert Au~

Zufti" and at the End of the Bill insert " except for the Purpose of trying or suing any Person in Consequence of any Offence or Offences committed in Breach or Violation of this Act."

In the Title of the Bill.

1. 1. Leave out from " Act " to " in " in Line 3, and insert " to regulate the " shipping and carrying Slaves j" and in the same Line, after " British,"leave out " Ships to," and insert " Vessels from the Coast of " Africa to His Majesty’s Islands " and Plantations in."

1. 4. Leave out " and elsewhere."

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into further Consideration upon this Day Three Months.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Steele, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir

African S1*re Bill ordered*

iS Geo. Ill, 40 J. 64

African slave Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-Bili prkicnted. ing to Order, a Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa: And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

Petition from A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are gainrtuL thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all African slave other Persons, of the Town of carrying on

Bill. or concerned in the Trade, was presented to

the House, and read j Setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, that a Bill has lately been brought into the House, for the Purpose of regulating the shipping and carrying of Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa to His Majesty's Islands and Plantations in ‘The West; and that not only the Principle on which the said Bill is founded, but many if not all of the Clauses and Provisions therein, trench upon, and are injurious to, the Rights of the Petitioners; that the Clause which exempts Persons under Contraft for furnishing Foreign Sovereigns or States with Slaves from the Restrictions and Regulations contained in the said Bill, is a peculiar Hardship upon the British Merchant trading from Africa to the British Colonies, as such Exemption enables the Con-traftor to have an undue Preference upon the Coasts of Africa in the Purchase of Slaves, to the great Prejudice of the other Persons concerned in the said Trade, and, the Petitioners apprehend, such Exemptions are never admitted, but where the Grounds are clearly ascertained in Evidence, which, the Petitioners apprehend, cannot be the same in the present Instance, as the Numbers to be delivered in any one Ship are, from various Causes, so uncertain, as not to become the Subject of Contraft, and therefore this Preference ought not, in Justi Wisdom, or Policy, to given to any. Contraft or with a Foreign Sovereign or State; and that the Petitioners, and the whole Town of Liverpool, till very lately, with Confidence relied that no Innovations or Restrictions would have been attempted to have been imposed on the said Trade during the present Session of Parliament, nor until the whole Business, in all its Branches, had been thoroughly investigated, and clearly understood; and that the Petitioners can, in the most satisfactory Manner, prove, by Witnesses, at the Bar of the House, that the said Trade is now carried on by the Petitioners, and by the English in general, with a greater Degree of Humanity than by any other Nation in the World, and with as strict Attention to the Health and Lives of the Natives of Africa as it is possible to pay; and that the Merchants >of and their Ancestors,

have been encouraged, by various Acts of Parliament, to expend, and have in Fast laid out, very large Sums of Money in establishing themselves in, and for the Purpose of carrying on, the said Trade, according to the Laws now in Existence, and they are greatly alarmed that the meditated Regulations may totally ruin the said Commerce with , and annihilate

the Property embarked therein, and do an irreparable Injury to this Country: And therefore praying. That they may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, at the Bar of the House, and that the same may not pass into a Law.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast: of Africa, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " until the Bill Vot. XLIII.

" to regulate, for a limited Time; the shipping and " carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of " Africa,be read a Second Time; and that the Peti-

tioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel,

" or Agents; against the said Bill, upon their Petition,

" if they think fit."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put j Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Stephen Fuller, Esquire, Agent for Mr. Fuller’* Jamaica, Was presented to the House, and read; Set- Jj1ee"^"rfcgaanr,‘l ting forth, That the Petitioner observes by the Bill slave fiiu! now depending in the House, for providing certain ' Temporary Regulations respecting the Transportation of Slaves in British Ships to The IVefl Indies, and elsewhere, the Limitation of the Number to be transported in Proportion to the Tonnage of the Ship is so narrowed and restrained as to give the other European Powers, concerned in th e African Trade, such a manifest Advantage as will be injurious to his Constituents in the Island of Jamaica, and tend to discourage the present Cultivation of Sugar, and its future Improvement, by throwing it into the Hands of our Rivals, the Petitioner conceiving that whatever Nation shall be restrained from the Slave Trade, will of course be restrained from the Cultivation of Sugar;'and that the Petitioner looks with some Pegrec of Aftonish-ment at the immoderate Restraints that are proposed to be laid upon that Commerce, so valuable to Great Britain herself, and so essential to his Constituents, at such an advanced Period of the Session, especially after it had been solemnly determined by the House to take into Consideration the several Petitions now lying upon the Table, and in Consequence thereof, as the Petitioner imagined, to go into a full and deliberate Investigation of the said Trade, early in the next Session of Parliament, from whence the Petitioner was led to conclude, that the House could never be induced in the first Instance to determine upon a Question, which is, of all others that can possibly arise upon the Subject, the most interesting, and naturally >. ought to be the last Question determined upon, a? comprehending the very Question of Abolition; and that the Petitioner conceiving that immoderate, or even indifereet, Restraint, is, ipso Abolition,

takes the Liberty further to acquaint the House, that on the 25th of last Month he received a Letter from the Committee of Correspondence, dated Spanish Town, the 30th of April 1788, wherein they mention, that " though the Confederation of this Business in Parlia-tc ment is likely to be postponed, yet the dangerous " Consequences to this Country have become already " evident, and there is no saying how far they may extend;" and this Intelligence is further confirmed by a private Letter from the Chief Justice of Jamaica, to the Petitioner, dated the 25th of April, wherein he mentions, " that the very Suspence is dangerous in " a Thousand Shapes, but we must encounter them " with our utmost Efforts;" and that the Petitioner hath also seen a Letter from Jamaica, giving an Account of an " actual Insurrection of the Slaves in the <c Pafilh of Saint John's, but that they could not ac- complish their WilhesAnd, the Petitioner is apprehensive that the passing this or any Bill, at the present Juncture, will be tantamount to a Declaration in their Favour, that it will add fresh Fuel to the Flame, and when they fee so many great Towns and Corporate Bodies petitioning Parliament for an Abolition of Slavery, and King, Lords, and Commons, coming forward with an unexpected ^.d, the natural Inference they will undoubtedly draw From it will be,

8 C that

Juki.

A. 1788.

that every Body in this Countr ’ is determined to set them free, that their Matters alone are determined to continue them '.n Slavery, and the sooner they put an End to them the better: And therefore, in the Name of upwards of ao,oooo White Inhabitants in the Ittand of Jamaica, praying, That the said Bill may not pass, and that he may be heard against it, by his Counsel.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " until the Bill " to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and <c carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of " Africa, be read a Second Time; and that the Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question j It passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put} Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

African Slav* Bill committed.

in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa, is committed, That they have Power to make Provision in the said Bill, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Ordered, That the Order, made this Day, for the House to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa, be now read.

And the said Order being read accordingly;

The House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House} and he read the Report in his Place j and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the Amendments were Once read throughout } and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the A Bill to regulate, for a limited Time,*the shipping Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast the House. of Africa, was read a Second Time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, this Day, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Committee on African* Slave Bill.

reported.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bp

Committee to consider of Bounties to Matters and Surgeons of Ships in the African Slave Trade.

reported#

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Cafes, to Matters and Surgeons of Ships employed, in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa.

The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

M r. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had di-rested him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Resolution which the Committee had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth} viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds be allowed to each Matter, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being made that not more than Two Slaves in each Hundred that shall have been taken on Board fuch1 Ships have died; and of Fifty Pounds to each Matter, and Twenty-five Pounds to each Surgeon, where not more than Three Slav.es in each Hundred have died within a certain Period.

The said Resolution being read a Second Time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to by the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves,

ingrossed.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, by Sir James Erskine, with the Names of several Witnesses to be examined, to make out the Impeachment against Warren Hastings, Esquire, and to desire that the Lords will make forth Summonses for their Attendance at the said Trial, on the Day appointed by their Lordships for proceeding therein; viz.

Major Roberts.

William Young, Esquire.

Nathaniel Brajfey , Esquire.

Message for Attendance of Witne(Te» on Mr. Hading6’s Trial.

Resolved, That this House will, the House this Day, adjourn till next.

at the Rising of

Yuefday

Morning

House itfolve* to adjourn to T uelday.

An ingrossed Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, African slave the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, Bl" from the Coast of Africa, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Sir William Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to His AclJrefa for Majesty, that He will be graciously pleased to order the white.*0 Sum of Four hundred and Sixty Pounds to be issued to George White, Esquire, in full, to reimburse him Expences incurred for Business done pursuant to the Direc-tiens of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for procuring Returns from the several Parishes and Places in England and Wales, of the Poors Rates and Charitable Donations, and in preparing Abstraifts of the said Returns for the Use of Parliament.

Ordered, That the said Address be presented to His Majesty by such Members of this House as are of His Majesty’s most Honourable Privy Council.

And then the House adjourned till Yuejday Morn-next, Ten of the Clock.

8 AJartis,

ing

WT

2 8 Geo.

8° Julii.

*5

Afncin Slave Bill, ordered.

the Petitioners, and will to ruin the British Commerce with Africa) and to annihilate the Property embarked therein; and that the Rumour of a Bill passing upon this Subject has already raised great Commotions in the British Colonies, and may, if not timely flopped, be of the most fatal Consequences to the Planters in The West, Indies, and bring Ruin not only upon them and their Families, but also upon every Merchant and other Person in this Kingdom connected with the Co-f)R DERED, That Leave be given to bring in a ionics, and that Commerce is apprehended to be the

Rill trt fr\r a limifpH Timp fhp fhmnmtr mnH' valuta hi t* Porr nf A nr)

Martis, die Julii j

Anno 28* Georgii tU Regis, i

Prayers.

Jnstruction for allowing Bounties to Matters and Surgeons of Slave Ships.

Bill, to regulate, for a limited Time, the Clipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa: And that Sir William Dolben, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, and Mr. Gilbert,do prepare,

and bring in, the fame.

The House was moved. That the Resolution which, upon Friday last, was reported from the Committee posed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, of the whole House, to whom it was referred to con- until the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the fider of proper Bounties to be allowed, in certain Clipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from Cafes, to Masters and Surgeons of Ships employed the Coast of Africa, be read a Second Time j andrhat in the Conveyance of Slaves from the Coast of Africa, the Petitioners be then heard, by themselves, their

most valuable Part of the British Trade: And therefore praying, That the said Bill may not be precipitately passed through the House, bur th3t the Petitioners may be heard, by themselves, their Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill.

A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-

then agreed to by the House, might be

African Slave Bill pielcnted.

and was read.

And the same was, as agreed to by the House, read

accordingly; and is as followeth; viz.

" Resolved, That a Bounty of One hundred Pounds

" be allowed to each Master, and Fifty Pounds to each Surgeon, of every Ship employed in conveying " Slaves from the Coast of Africa, upon Proof being " made that not more than Two Slaves in each Hundred that shall have been taken on Board such Ships have died j and of Fifty Pounds to each u Master, and Twenty-five Pourtds to each Surgeon, " where not more than Three Slaves in each Hundred have died within a certain Period."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do make Provision therein, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Sir William Dolben presented to the House, accord-

Counsel, or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition, if they think fit;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " until the Bill to " regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa, be read a Second Time; and that the Peti- tioners be then heard, by themselves, their Counsel,

" or Agents, against the said Bill, upon their Petition,

*« if they think fit."

And the Question being put. That the Words proposed to be left out stand Part of the Question; t passed in the Negative.

Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

'rdered, That the said Petition do lie upon the

Table.

A Petition of ‘Thomas Williams, Esquire, on Behalf Mr.wriKamr, of himself and his Copartners in the Manufacture of Brass Battery, and other Copper, and mixed slave Bill.

ing to Order, a Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, Metal Goods, for the African Trade, at Hollow ell, in

Petition from Liverpool again It the African Slave Bill.

the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa; And the same was received; and read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the several Persons whose Names are thereunto subscribed, on Behalf of themselves and all other Persons, of the Town of Liverpool, carrying on or concerned in the African Trade, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That the Peti-

the County of Flint, Penclawdd, in the County of Glamorgan, and Temple Mills, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; Setting forth. That the Petitioner and his Copartners have laid out a Capital off. 70,000, and upwards, to establish themselves in the aforesaid Manufactories, which are entirely for the African Market, and not saleable for any other; and that the Petitioner has lately been informed, that a Bill is now depending in the House, for the Purpose of regulating, for a limited Time, the tioners are informed, that a Bill has lately been brought shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from

into the House, for the Purpose of regulating, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa-, and that the Petitioners, and the other Persons resident in the Town of Liverpool, have now upwards of One Million Sterling employed in the African Trade, which they consider as in the utmost Danger of being loft, and the Trade of the Town ruined, in case the said Bill should pass into a Law 5 and that the Petitioners have always considered private Property as sacred, and that hitherto, when any Part of it has been found necessary to be wrested from the Individual for the Sake of the Public, a full and adequate Compensation has ever been made to such Persons, and the Amount thereof ascertained by a Jury of the Country, which Method of Determination is the peculiar Birthright of Ertglish-men, and such Compensation ought not to be left to the Judgment of Commissioners, however capable or well chosen; and that the Principle of the said Bill _ is, as the Petitioners apprehend, mistaken, and tends " to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and to oppress the Petitioners, and not to administer Re- " carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast lief or Comfort to any Individual whatsoever > that t{ of Africa, be read a Second Time; and that the the Clauses in the fai<J Bill are extremely oppressive to " Petitioner be then heard, by his Counsel, against

" the

the Coast of Africa, which the Petitioner is informed, and believes, will greatly hurt, if not entirely ruin, the Britisls Trade to Africa in the Manufactures afope-said, whereby the Petitioner and his Partners would lose the greatest Part of the aforesaid Capital, unless they are indemnified: And therefore praying, Thac he may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, and that the same may not pass into a Law without an adequate Indemnity, or such other Relief as to the House shall seem meet.

A Motion was made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British) Vessels, from the Coast of Africa, be read a Second Times and that the Petitioner be then heard, by h'is Counsel, against the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks fit j

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out the Words " until the Bill

jdc 1788*

652 8° — 10° — ii°

the said Bill, upon his Petition, if he thinks " fit."

And the Question being put, That the Words proposed to be left out (land Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

‘ Then the main Question, so amended, being put;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Jovis, i o° Julii;

Anno i8° Georgii III'" Regis, 1788. Prayers.

African Slave A Motion was made, and the Question being pro-BiU commit- p0fed, That the Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa, be now read a Second Time;

The Amendments following were proposed to be made to the Question;

To leave out the Word " now," and at the End of the Question to add the Words " upon this Day Three " Months."

And the Question being put. That the Word " now " stand Part of the Question;

The House divided.

The Yeas went forth.

Te,.t„fortKcYCas,|"M"' } «

Tellers for the Noes, { } J-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Ordered, That the said Bill be now read a Second

Time.

The said Bill was accordingly read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Considered, The House accordingly resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Gilbert reported from the Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafg to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be now received.

Reported. Mr. Gilbert accordingly reported from the said Committee, the Amendments which the Committee had made to the Bill, and which they had directed him to report to the House; and he read the Report in his Place; and afterwards delivered the Bill, with the Amendments, in at the Clerk’s Table: Where the . Amendments were Once read throughout; and then a Second Time, One by One; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed to by the House.

0? dned, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

House resolve* Rcfcked, That this House will, at the Rising of the Thiij-iduy" this Day, adjourn till Morning next.

African sbvt An ingrossed Bill to regulate, for a limited Time, Bin paiicd. t]ie shipping and carrying Slaves, in Vessels,

from the Coast of Africa, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa.

Ordered, That Sir Dolben do carry the Bill

to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence.

And then the House adjourned till Morn-

ing next. Ten of the Clock.

THE House met, and being counted by Mr.

Speaker, it appeared that Forty Members were not present; yet, it being Four of the Clock, Mr. Speaker took the Chair; and, having again counted the House, and it appearing that Forty Members were not present, Mr. Speaker adjourned the House, without a Question first put, till Tomorrow Morning, Ten of the Clock.

Venerisy n°;

Anno a8* Georgii II1*" Regis, 1788. Prayers.

A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Mr. Eames

and Mr. Walker:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the shipping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from the Coast of Africa; without any Amendment: And also.

The Lords have commanded us to acquaint this House, That their Lordships will give Order for summoning the Witnesses to be produced at the Trial of Warren Hajlings, Esquire, as desired.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the eleding of a Citizen to serve in this Ipresent Parliament for the City of Westminsin the room of the

Right honourable /Lord Hood, in the Kingdom of Ireland, who, since his Election for the said City, hath accepted the Office of One of the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of Great Britain.

Mr. Comptroller of the Household reported to the House, That their Address of Friday last (that His Majesty would be graciously pleased to order the Sum of Four hundred and Sixty Pounds to be issued to George White, Esquire, in full, to reimburse him Expences incurred for Business done pursuant to the Di-redions of Two Acts, passed in the Twenty-sixth Year of the Reign of His present Majesty, for procuring Returns, from the several Parishes and Places in England and Wales, of the Poors Rates and Charitable Donations, and in preparing Abstracts of the said Returns for the Use of Parliament) had been presented to His Majesty; and that His Majesty had commanded him to acquaint this House, that He will give Directions as desired by the said Address.

A Message from His Majesty, by Sir Francis -lyneux. Gentleman Usher of the Blade Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend His Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend His Majesty; where His Majesty was pleased to give the Royal Assent to the Public Bill following; viz.

h An

House

journed.

Tlit Lor it have agreed t4

African Slave Bill.

The Lords

will give Order for lum-moning Witnesses on Mr. Hasting*^ Trial.

WestrainlUr

Writ.

Answer to Address*

Royal Afleril to a Bill.

48 Geo. III. i ib Julii — i 5* Septembris. 653

An Act to regulate, for a limited Time, the lbip- directed to this Object, which I have uniformly in ping and carrying Slaves, in British Vessels, from View; and they will, I trust, be of the

Coast of Africa. happiest Consequences in promoting ' Security and

Welfare of My own Dominions, and in contributing Ilii Mijedtpa After whichj His Majesty was pleased to make a to the general Tranquillity of Europe, i/mcb. Most Gracious Speech from the Throne to both

Houses of Parliament, as followed) j viz. And afterwards the Lord Chancellor, by His Ma-

My Lords, and Gcniltmm, J''1*’'5 Aid,

In the present advanced Season of the Year, and My Lords, and Gentlemen,

after the laborious Attendance which the Public Bufi- It is His Majesty’s Royal Will and Pleasure, that Parliamnt

nels has required of you, I think it necessary to put this Parliament be prorogued to fburfday, the 25th Proro8aed*

an End to the present Session of Parliament. I can* Day of September next, to be then here holden; and

not do this without expressing the Sarisfadion with this Parliament is accordingly prorogued to 7 Which I have observed the uniform and diligent At- the 25th Day of September next, tention to the Welfare of My People, which has appeared in all your Proceedings.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

The Chearfulness and Liberality with which you have granted the necessary Supplies, demand My particular Acknowledgements. It must afford you the greatest Satisfaction that you have been enabled,

without any Addition to the Burthens of My People, ____

to provide for the extraordinary Exigencies of the H E House being met, pursuant to the last Parliament last Year, in Addition to the current Demands of the X Prorogation, and Mr, Speaker being in the Pr*"Btue<1‘ Public Service, and to the Sum Annually appro- Country 1

priated to the Reduction of the National Debt. A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr.

T , _ . 9uarmey Yeoman Ulher of the Black Rod:

My Lords, snd Gentlemen, \

I fee with Concern the Continuance of the War be- Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

tween Russia and The Porte, in which the Emperor has The Lords, authorized by virtue of His Majesty’s

also taken a Part. But the general State of Europe, Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this

and the Assurances which I receive from Foreign Honourable House, in the House of Peers, to hear the

Powers, afford Me every Reason to expect that My Commission read.

Subjects will continue to enjoy the Blessings of Accordingly the House, with the Clerk, went up to Peace. the House of Peers: Where the Commission was read.

The Engagements which I have recently entered for the further proroguing of the Parliament, until into with My good Brother the King of Prussia, and Thursday the 20th Day of November next $ and the those with the States General of the United Provinces, Parliament was accordingly prorogued until Thursday which have already been communicated to you, are the 20th Day of November next.

Jovis, 2 50 die Septembris;

Anno 28° Georgii III*" Regis, 1788.

INDEX

[Index removed.]

FINIS.

