JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

From December the 3d 1697,

In the Ninth Year of the Reign of

King WILLIAM the Third,

TO

October the 24th 1699,

In the Eleventh Year of the Reign of

King WILLIAM the Third.

Re-printed by Order of the House of Commons.

1803.

---

"oikJttr I

Lun<£> 31* Die Martii, 1742.

Resolved,

That all the Books of the Proceedings, or, Journals of the House of,

now in the Custody of the Clerk of the said House, and commencing with the Book called Seymoub, which begins with the Reign of the Sixth,

be printed.

Meflkge to attend the King.

The King's

Speech

reported.

JOURNALS

OF THE

HOUSE OF COMMONS.

Veneris, 3® die Decembris;

Nono GulielmiTertii, 1697.

MESSAGE from his Majesty, by Sir Fleetwood Shepherd, Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Kin" commands this Honourable House to attend him immediately in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, and the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

1

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleated- to make a most gracious Speech to both Houses; and that, by reason of the great Koife, and Lowness of his Majesty's Speech, to prevent Mistakes, he had desired and obtained a Copy thereof: Which he read to the House; and is as followeth:

My Lords and Gentlemen,

The War which I entered into, by the Advice of my People, is, by the Blessing of God, and their zealous and affectionate Assistance, brought to the End we all proposed, an honourable Peace; which I was willing.to conclude, not so much to ease myself from any Trouble or Hazard, as to free the Kingdom from the continuing Burden of an expensive War.

1 am heartily ferry my subjects will not at first find all that Relief from the Peace, which I could with, and they may expect: But the Funds, intended for the last Year's Service, have fallen short of answering the Sums for which they w ere given; so that there remain considerable Deficiencies to be provided for.

There is a Debt upon Account of the Fleet, and the Army.

The Revenues of the Crown have been anticipated, by my Consent, for publick Uses; so that I am wholly defti-tute of Means to support the Civil List: And I can never distrust you will l'uffer this to turn to roy Disadvantage; but will provide for me during my Life, in such a manner as may be for my Honour, and for the Honour of the Government.

Our Naval Force being increased to near double what it was at my Accession to the Crown, the Charge of maintaining it will be proportionably augmented: And it is Vol. XII.

certainly necessary, for the Interest and Reputation of England, to have always a great Strength at Sea.

The Circumstances of Affairs Abroad are such, that I think myself obliged to tell you my Opinion, that, for the present, England cannot be safe without a Land-Force: And I hope we shall not give those that mean us ill, the Opportunity of effecting That, under the Notion of a Peace, which they could not bring to pass by a War.

I doubt not but you, Gentlemen of the House of Commons, w ill take these Particulars into your Consideration, in such a manner, as to provide the necessary Supplies; which I do very earnefily recommend to you.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

That which I most delight to think of, and am best pleased to ow n, is, that I have all the Proofs of my People's Affection that a Prince can desire: And I take this Occasion to give their, the most lolcinn Assurance, that as I never had, lb I never will, nor can, have any Interest separate from theirs.

I esteem it one of the.greatest Advantages of the Peace, that I shall now have Leisure to re&ity lbch Corruptions, or Abuses, as may have crept into any Part of the Administration during the War; and effectually to discourage Profaneness and Immorality: And I shall employ my Thoughts in promoting Trade, and advancing the Happiness, and flourishing Estate of the Kingdom.

1 shall conclude with telling you, That as I have, with the Hazard of every thing, reftued your Religion, Laws, and Liberties, when they were in the extremest Danger, so I shall place the Glory of my Reign in preserving them intire, and leaving them (b to Posterity.

A Bill to vest the Interest in Judgments, and other Securities assigned, in the Assignees, was read the First time; and ordered to be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do fit every Tuesday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Saturday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Friday, in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections be appointed, of Mr. Norris, Mr. Bozvyer, Sir 7 -

B tleton,

Vesting Interest in Judgments.

Grand

Committees.

Committee of Privileges

1

3° — 7° Decembris. A. 1697.

t let on, Sir William William Mr. Solicitor General, Sir Robert Cdfton, Colonel Mr. , Sir

nieU Nappter, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. ifoto-

ney, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Lord Coningsby^r.

Darnell, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Owen, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Z)w/re, Mr.

Manley, Mr Vernon, Sir Fra. Mr. Morris,

Mr. Cowper, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Sir

Walter Yonge, Sir Marm. Wivell, Sir William Sir Tho.Skipwith, Mr. Cowyers.Mr. White,

Mr. Brereton, Vlr. Palmes, Mr. Port man, Mr. jeffryes, Mr. Colt, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. pillon. Colonel Granville, Mr. Mr. Foley senior, Mr. Arnold, Sir Cha. Turner, Dr. Mr. Bur-

rard, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pocklington, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Cox, Mr. Morgan, Sir Richard Onjlow, Mr. Phil. Foley, Mr. Monson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Tho. Foley junior, Mr. Smith, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Paget, Lord Wm.Pawlet, Sir tVm. Lor nelagh, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Sir Sain, BarnarSston,

Mr. Newport, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Sir Tho-

mas Huffey, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Perry, Lord Russell, Lord Lisbon, Mr. Farrer, Sir Fra. Winnington, Mr. Ell/on, Mr. York, Colonel Crawford, And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet upon Wednesday next in the Afternoon, at Three a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Friday, and Wednes-

day, in the Afternoon: And they are to take into their Confederation all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First placfe; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinions therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that will question Returns, are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within Fourteen Days after any new Return shall be brought in: And the Committee is to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Information: And all Members who are returned for Two or more Places, are to tnake their Elections by this Day Three 'Weeks, for which of the Places they will serve; provided there be no Question upon the Return for that Place: And if any thing shall come ih Question, touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members, returned upon Double Returns, do withdraw, till their Returns are determined.

Ordered, That it be ah Instruction to the Committee, That they do admit but Two Counsel of a Side to be heard in any Cause before them.

Iy* Writ Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of*Eye in the County of Suffolk, in the room of Thomas Davenant Esquire, deceased.

Buckingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the

Wm* Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough and Parish of Bin the room of Sir Richard Temple Knight of the Bath, and Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Cambridge the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elect- 'Vnt' ing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge, in the room of Edward Esquire, now East Orford, called upf to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Grantham Clerk of the Crown, to make out anew Writ, for electing Writ* a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Grantham in the County of Lincolne, in the rootri of Sir John Brownlow Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ilindon the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Hindoo in the County of Wilts, in the room of Sir Charles Morley Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do Hfue his Warrant to Bridport the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for 'Vr,t-electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridport in the County of Dorset, in the room of Nicholas Cary Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made, that Mr. Speaker do issue his Aldborough Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ.

Writ for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldborough in the County of York, in the room of Sir Michacll Wentworth Baronet, deceased;

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Motion be adjourned until this Day Fortnight

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Hertford the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elect- " rit* ing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Hertford, in the room of Sir Thomas Pope Blount Baronet, deceased.

Resolved,.That an humble Address be presented to his Addrem ou Majesty, alluring him, That as this House hath effectually enabled him to carry on the War, so they will be ready to l,"c assist and suppovt him in the time of Peace.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer,

Sir Thomas Littleton, Mr. Norris, Mr. Pelham, Mr.

Bofcawen, Mr. Harley, Lord Coningsby, Sir Wm. ball, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Richard Onslott', Sir Wm.

Williams, Sir Edward Ernly, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Edward Harley, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr.

Vernon, Lord Ranelagh, Lord Fitxharding, Sir Henry Hobart, Sir Chr. Mufgrove, Mr. Attorney General, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Smith, Mr. CoopeColonel Granville, Mr. Waller, or any Five of them, to prepare the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- The King'* ing next, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gra- Speech to be cious Speech. couHdered.

Chester

Writ.

Huntingdon

Writ.

Dov«r

Writ.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, lor the electing a Citizen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Chester, in the room of Roger Whitley Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the eleding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Huntingdon in the County of Huntingdon, in the room of Richard Mountague Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Dover, in the room oi James Chadunck Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Votes of this House be printed: Printing the And that Mr. Speaker do peruse the lame, and appoint Vote*, the Printing thereof: And that no other Person do presume to print the feme.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning,

Ten a Clock.

Martis, 7* die Decembris;

9* Gulielmi Tertii.

P RATERS.

A PETITION of Sir John HanmerKnight, and Ba- Flint

ronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting tledion. forth, That the Petitioner, and 2 ho. Ravenscroft Esquire,

Hood

9 W. III. 70 — 8° Decembris. 3

stood Candidates, at the last Election, for the Town of Flint, in the room of Sir Roger Pulejion, deceased; where Mr. Raven fen ft did notobserve the late Act for preventing Expences at Elections; and, by Combination with the Bailiff of Flint, polled many Persons made free alter Sir Roger's Death, and many Foreigners, who had no Right to poll; and refilled to poll the Petitioner's legal Electors; to his Prejudice: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Address oa the King's Speech.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom it was referred to prepare an Address to be presented to his Majesty, That they had prepared the same accordingly; which they had dirofted him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, with (bine Amendments made by the House, agreed uuto by the House; and is as followeth, viz.

We your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, who have so frequently waited on your Majesty with the Tender of our Assistance, for carrying on the War, come no v to congratulate your Majesty upon the happy Conclusion of it, in a Peace so honourable and advantageous to the Nation, as sufficieutly justifies the Wifdotn of the Commons in advising, and your Majesty's Conduct in the Prosecution of it.

The Prospect of the Benefits your People will receive from the Peace is very pleasing: The Honour your Majesty has restored to England, of holding the Balance of

Europe, gives your Subjects great Content: But what your Commons are most affected and delighted with is, that your Majesty's sacred Person will now he secured from those many and great Dangers, to which you have lb often exposed it for our Sakes; nothing being so evident, as that your Majesty's Return in Safety was a Blessing more welcome to your People than Peace, and received with greater Demoustrations of Joy.

We therefore, with Hearts full of Affeftiou, Duty, and Gratitude, do allure your Majesty. in the name of all the Commons of England, that this House will be ever ready to assist and support your Majesty; w ho, by putting a Period to the War, has confirmed us in the quiet Pofteifion of our Rights and liberties; and, so, fully completed the glorious Work of our Deliverance.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Preventing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring ,in a. Bill to ence^Ublate hinder any of his Majesty's Subjects coming into this King James. Kingdom, who during the War have gone into France without Licence, or been in Arms under the French King, or in the Service of the late King James; and to prevent corresponding with the said late King: And that Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more ealy passing Sheriffs Accounts: And that Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Regulating Ordered, That Leave be oven to bring in a Bill for

nntiDg. Regulating of Printing and Printing-presses: And that Sir William Ashurst, and Mr. do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Aboliffaing Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Payment* of take away Smoak-silver, Peter-pence, and other Pay-Smoak-silver mentg> at the Sheriffs Turn: And that Mr. Bojcawen and

Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bil Vol. XII,

The House, according to the Order of the Day, pro- The King's ceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most ^ujdered. gracious Speech:

And the same was read.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, that this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty's Speech;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,£} <53-

Teller, for the No«s|j£; *£* } '56.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted Supply, to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Speech be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty's Speech.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Mercurii, 8# die Decembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

THE Earl of Ranelagh acquainted the House, That Kin? ap-he having, pursuant to their Order, waited upon his Point* be Majesty, to know when he would be pleased to be attended fttten ' by this House, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint Tomorrow, at Three a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Banqueting-house at Whitehall.

A Bill to veil the Interest of Judgments, and other Se- Verting curities assigned, in the Assignees, was read a Second time. Interest in Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wm. ^udgnient8* Hams, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr. Morgan, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Sloane, Sir Hen. Colt,

Sir Richard Onjlow. Mr. Tayler, Mr. Foley, Sir

lips, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Mr.

Lowther, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Ravenscroft, Mr. Colt,

Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Mr. Norris, Mr.

Farrer, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. York, Sir York, Mr.

Bertie, Mr. Venables, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir Tho Davall-, and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider by Poor Em-what Means the Poor may be better provided for, and em- pWment-ployed; and to receive Proposals, in relation thereunto.

And it is referred to Mr. Moot', Sir Jujlinian Isham,

Mr. Vemey, Sir Tho. Mompeffon, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Mountague, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Smith, Lord Ranelagh,

Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Tho. Day, Sir m. York,

Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Yates, Mr. King, Sir John Fagg, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. How, Mr. Sloane,

Kir. Clark, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Onslow, Sir Cha. Sidley, Sir John Bucknall, Sir Lowther, Mr. Hoare, Sir John Smith, Mr. Morgan, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Lore tides,

Mr. Manley, Sir John Kay, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Crawford,

Kir. York, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Colt, Mr. Taylor, Mr.

Bavoyer, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Burdet, Mr. Sidney, Mr. Bofcowen, Mr. Mr.

Bertie, Mr. White, Mr. Heoeningham, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Conyers: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Three a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers, and to fit dedie in dim.

Ordered,

Oaths relating to Tallies and Exchequer Business.

Supply.

Anpleby

Writ.

North-

asserton

Writ.

Supply-

4 8°-^90 — 10° Decembris.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of such Persons who have not registered their Tallies, pursuant to the Act, made the last Session of Parliament, for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned: And that Mr. Loxtmdes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And it is to be an Instruction, That he do provide how the Numbers of Tallies and Orders, made by virtue of the said Act, may be lessened; preferring the Interest of the Persons concerned, and the Course of Payment.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion made Yesterday for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed. That there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the chair of the Committee;

And it being moved, That' Sir Littleton may

take it;

Refolded, That Sir Thomas Littleton do take the Chair of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That an Account of the Deficiencies of the Deficiencies last Year's Aids, and of the Arrears to the Army and of Aids. Navy, be laid before this House.

Resolved, That whatsoever Loans, not exceeding the Resolution for Sum of 600,000l. which have or shall be made, upon the transferring Credit of the Exchequer in general, for the Use of the Loans-Fleet, and other Exigencies, and necessary Services, of the Government, shall be transferred to such Aids as shall be granted this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Call of the Sevennight; and that such Members of this House as House.

shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this . House will, To-momm Morning, The K;no,s refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Speech to be consider of his Majesty's Speech. contidered.

Ordered, That the back Doors of the Speaker's Cham- Back doors

bers be locked up every Day, at the Sitting of the House; Speaker's

and the Keys brought by the Serjeant, and laid upon the tw

Table. e oc c

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Timber in the better preferring the Timber in New-Forest: And New Forest. that Mr. Smith do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Preserving the better Preservation and Increase of Timber in all Timber, other Forests: And that Sir JVm. Williams, and Sir God-fry Copley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till half an Hour after Two a Clock in the Afternoon.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Post Meridiem.

THE House met, in order to attend his Majesty with their Address.

The House meets and adjourns.

Jems, 9" die Decembris; Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

And the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Prater s.

Veneris, 10° die Decembris;

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Appleby in the County of Westmorland, the room of Sir JVm. Txvifden Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of North-Allerton in the County of York, in the room of Thomas Lafcells Esquire, deceased.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and also to whom the Consideration of his Majesty's Speech was referred; the Refo-lutiou of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

' Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Speaker reported, that he did Yesterday, with Answer t« the House, attend his Majesty in the Banqueting- Addref*. house, according to his Appointment; and presented the Address of this House to his Majesty: And that thereupon his Majesty was pleased to express himself to this Effect, viz.

Nothing that relates to the Peace pleases me so much as the Satisfaction you have in it: And as you have assisted me in the War beyond all expression, I do not doubt but you will be as zealous in maintaining the Peace.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to pre- Preventing vent the Corrupting of Juries: And that Mr. t'yrrupnuu

and Sir Robert Cotton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. ,'1 U lt s

Ordered, That his Majesty's Speech be referred to the The Kin/. Committee of the whole House, who are appointed this Su, cc'1 Day to consider thereof. reierred.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms do go into Member. minster-hall, and Court of Requests; and summon the Summoned. Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- The King's solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Speech consider of his Majesty's Speech. - contidered.

Mr.

9 W. III.

io — 11

130 Decembris.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Refblution; which they had directed

13 December, 1697.

An Estimate of the Deficiencies of the last Year's Aids.

The Aid of 3 s. in the Pound, which was' granted to his Majesty for one Year, is, by the Act of Parliament for the fame, made a

,. >. . — . ft'... 1 -. , me act or raruament ror me lame, maae a

hun to report, when the House will plenle to receive the Security by TaUjes. and Orders fcj Course.

/?' j j w wu t> u . rp for Principal Money, amounting to - - - I

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow, at ThJp ffliH s,.m mnfifls nf

1,500,000

Twelve a Clock.

Weights and Measures.

Members

summoned.

Disbanding the Forces.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Sabbati, 11* die Decembris; Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

/~\RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing Abuses in Weights and Measures: And that Sir John Kay, Sir TVm. Lmcther, and Mr. Whitaker, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. turn per Annum; will, by Computation from the respective' Tithes of Borrowing, until Ordered, That the Serjeant do go, with the Mace, into the respective Times of Repayment, respect Westminster Hall, and Court of Requests, and l'ummon being had to the dilatory Collection of the

Memorandum: The said Sum confdls of 366,621 /. 6$. 1 d. transferred from a late Act for purchasing of Annuities j and of 479,911 /. 12 s-6 a. which was lent on the Exchequer in general; and of 653,4671, is. 5 </. which was lent on the said A ft for 35. in the Pound, after it passed.

The Interest of the said Money, transferred from the Annuity-Act, at 6 per Centum per Annum; and of the said Sum, transferred from the Exchequer in general, part at 6per Centum, and Part at 8 per Centum per Annum; and of the said Loans, made upon the said Act for 3 s.in the Pound, at 8 per Cen-

the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of his Majesty's Speech was referred, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Land-Forces of this Kingdom, that have been raised since the Nine-and-twentieth of September

120,000

said Aid, amount to, at lead The Subsidies, and other Duties, granted^ to his Majesty, by the aforesaid Act, for one I Year, were made a Security to discharge Bills [ of Credit, amounting, in Principal Money, to J Memorandum: There is a Clause in the said Act, Page 132. That in case the said Duties should fall short of railing the last mentioned Sum of 1,500,000l. such Deficiency should be in the first Place made good and supplied out of any the Monies that should be raised by any Act or Acts of the then next Session of Parliament.

By a Clause in the late Act, for making

500,000

One thousand Six hundred and Eighty, shall be paid and gootl several Deficiencies, Page 385, an In-disbanded. " "

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Report be re-committed;

' The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TellereforlheVea

Mr. Norris:}‘85'

So it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all the Land-Forces of this Kingdom, that have been raised since the 29th of September 1680, shall be paid and disbanded.

Tellers for the Noes,^r"

100,000

500,000

Preventing Correspondence with late King James.

Assize of Bread.

Deficiencies of Aids.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, IS* die Decembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

MR. Attorney-General, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill against corresponding with the late King James: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate and ascertain the Assize of Bread: And that Mr. Perry and Mr. Arnold do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Deficiencies of the last Year's Aids: And the same was received, and read; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol. XIL

terest after the Rate of 5 d.a Day for every 100l. is to attend the said Bills of Credit when they are not in the Exchequer, or in the Hands of publick Receivers or Collectors; which Rate by the Day amounts to 7/. 12«. id. per Annum;and in the Whole, from the time of making forth those Bills, till the cancelling of the fame, there may incur by such Interest, at least - - -j

The additional Aid of 1 s. in the Pound 1 upon Land, granted in the last Session, was > given for ----- ----- y

Memorandum: The said additional Aid, together with a new Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, were made a Security to discharge more Bills of Credit, amounting to 1,200,000 /. in Principal Monies, and the like Interest for the fame: And there is a Clause in the Act, Page 521. That all the Bills, as well for the said 1,500,000l. as for the said 1,100,000l. which shall not be cancelled by the 25th Day of March 1698, shall be satisfied, as well by the Arrears of the Funds for the same then standing out, as out of the Monies which should arise by any Aid to be granted in the next Session of Parliament.

The Interest of so many of the said Bills' as are to be cancelled on the said Aid of 1. in the Pound singly, may, by Estimation, be reckoned at about ——

So that . Sum Total of all the Principal and Interest-monies, appointed by Parliament to be paid out of the Funds given in the last Session for the War, except / 3,753,000 the said further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, and except the Malt-Duty, doth amount to

C The

33.000

Deficiencies of Aids.

i — 14° Decembrts.

A\ 1697.

to-) lid \

400,000

The fourth Ask of As. in the Pound,' which Was payablein the Year 1696, hath, almost wholly in dipt and hammered Monies, firoduced into the Exchequer the Sum of 1,706,869/. ioj. \d,} and, according to the bet? Information from the several Counties and Cities, the Duplicates not being returned, the Land-Taxes for 1697, will hold near the same Proportions, in the Whole, as in the former Year, altho', in some Places, £. the Assessments are increased, and in others, they are decreased; and if Three-fourths of 1,200,000 the said Sum be taken for the Produce of the said Aid of 3 s.per Liber', it will be about 1,280,000l.; But there is to be deducted about 8 d.dn Gunce, for so much thereof as was paid in hammered Money before the First

of June 1697; and about 2 an Ounce,

for so much thereof as is paid in hammered Money after that Day; which Deductions, by Computation, will amount to about 80,000l.; And then the net Produce of the 3 s.Aid, towards the Principal and Interest of the Loans thereupon, will be about - -j The Subsidies, and other Duties, commonly called the Capitation-Tax, will, by Estimation, make about 700,0001.; out of v, 660,000 which deducting 40,000 /. for the Payments ( m hammered Money, the net Produce, towards the Bills of Credit, will be - - - J The net Produce of the 1per L. towards the said Bills, according to the said Estimate for the 3 s. per Liber', is -So that the Sum Total of all the Monies'} which will effectually arise out of these Funds towards the Principal and Interest of the said 12,260,000 Loans, and Bills of Credit, will be, by Efti- I

mation, about - - -.....J

The Deficiency, or Difference between the \ laidTotal Sums, is One Million Four hundred \ 1,493,000 Ninety-three thousand Pounds - - - -J ——

, 3,753.°°°

Memorandum: The further Subsidy of Ton- -

age and Poundage, being granted from the First of May 1697, unto the First of February 1699; a°d the Duty upon Malt, being granted from 20th of 1697, until the 20th July 1699; cannot well be estimated at present.

Lowndes.

The Earl of Ranelagh, according to Order, presented to the House an Abstract of the Arrears due to the Land-Forces, Guards, and Garisons.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

To clear the Arrears of Pay from) £. d. the First of April 1692, to the last of> 139,066 184 March 1693, inclusive - - - -)

From the First of April 1693, to 7 c a

the last of March 1694, inclusive - ( ® 1 3

From the First of April 1694, tonr* a,

the last of March 1695, inclusive -j '^9 3

From the First of April 1695, to7 the last of March 1696, inclusive -i From the First of April 1696, to7 the last of March 1697, inclusive -}

From the First of April 1697, to) the last of September following, in->

21,34a — 9

To dear the Arrear of Subsistence , due to the Troop of Scots Guards in Scotland, and the Regiment and Companies in the JL eji-Indies, from the First of January >6g6, the 20th of November 1697, inclusive; to which Time the Army in England have been subsisted, except for the Seven Months between the First of January 1696, and the First of August following ----- - j

To clear the Arrear of Subsistence^ due to the Troops in Flanders, to the I Fourth of October last, according to > 479,000 — - — the best Estimate that can be made I thereof, about ..... J

£ 1,903,818 4 9*

To General Offi-)

cers, with their Aids f,

de Camp, and off 5 > ' . f

Brigade, about -J Memorandum: The foregoing Paper ' was delivered to the Lords Commissioners of his MajestiesTreafuiy >1,953,818 4 the 17th of November last; which, f in the Whole, amounted to - - J To which is to be added,

For Arrears of Pay to the Land-A Forces, Guards, and Garisons, which will be due to them from the said \ 75,000 — —

last of September last, to the 31 ft of December instant, inclusive, about - J__________

2,0*8,818 4 9i

Ranelagh.

197.4*1

843.476

6 8

11 6

Ordered, That the Secretary at War do, Tomorrow Forage Debt, Morning, lay before this House an Account of the &c.

Debt for Forage, and other Things, for the Army in

Flanders-.

Ordered, That a State of the Transport Debt, for Re- Transport ducing of Ireland, be laid before this House. Debt*

Ordered, That the Account of the Deficiencies of the Deficiencies last Year's Aids, and the Abstract of the Arrears due to of Aids, the Land-Forces, Guards, and Garrisons, do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supple, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 14* die Decembris;

Nano Gulielmi Tertii.

Prate rs.

THE Earl of Ranelagh, according to Order, pre- ArmyExtra* fented to the House an Estimate of the Arrear of in Flanders, the extraordinary Charge of the War in Flanders, &c.

And the same was received, and read; and is as followeth; vis.

Subsidies to the First of November 1697.

elusive

221,570 5 —

1,200,054 16 3

To clear the Arrear of Subsistence *1 due to the Troops in England, between the First of January 1696, { and the First of August following, from which time they have been regularly subsisted -

203,415 7 9*

RixcMlars.

Toulon , J 0 Brandenburg j Hejfe-CaJJell - 254.000 Wollfembuttle - 121,221

Munjler - - 149.997 i Hanover and Cell 50,000 Hol/leine - - 25,000

£- 3.

45.*oo —

63,500 —

30,305 10

37,500 —

12,500 —

6,250 "

s.

»95>°55 10 Subsidies

WooHea Manufacture.

Trade with Ireland.

Abolishing Payments efgmoak-Silver, dec.

Ordnance

Debt,

9 W. IIL 14" Lkcmbris-

Brought over Subsidies to Denmark - - - -To Machado and their Arrears for Bread furnished to the Auxiliaries -

To Fonder Kaa, for Bread and"

Forage - -

To Heycoop - -

Craynest - -General Officers, # p

Xc.in several 1 Fora*e Years - -To Farifcau, and Partners,

the present Contractors for Fo rage -

# [To the King's Aids de Camp

For

40.000

30.000

40.000

12.000

15.000

40,000

195.055

50,000

s.

10

177,000 —

Physick for the Army, about

»,5oo

4,5oo]

[6,000 — ]

£.428,055 10

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Deputy Lieutenants, Common-Council, Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, in the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture is greatly decayed and discouraged in those Parts, by reason that Irish Wool is not directly brought into the Port of Exon; and that the said Trade is greatly increased in Ireland, to the great Diminution thereof in England: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the Matter of the said Petition: And that Sir Edward Seymour, and Sir John Elzcell, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill: And that they do provide for the preventing the Exportation of Wool to France, either from England or Ireland.

Office of Ordnance.

Due to the last of September 1697,1

for Stores delivered, and Services!. 137,086 performed to that Time - - J

Due since that Time Due to the T rain of Artillery in Flan- ders - - - . - -3

Due upon the Expedition to New- foundlana\ Bomb-Vessels, 8$c. -3

s.

16

17,090 43,98o 9

6,000

<D

V

tm > U,

xn

A

£ 204,157 6 4

Remaining in the Treafiifer s Hands,

rIn Tallies on the Poll Ditto, on the Fourth Aid Ditto, on the 3 s. Aid Ditto, on Salt, Sfp. -L In Malt Tickets

9,000 — — 3,500 ——

10,000 ——

51,912 11 7

5,180 19 11

V.

In Tallies, on Three-fourths of the Customs - Ditto, on the First 4 s. Aid Ditto, on the Poll - Ditto, on Salt Ditto, on Marriages, <$$c.

Ditto, on the 3 3. Aid Ditto, on Malt-Ti«kets -

11,900 ——

2.300 -

8,320 1

58,690 ——

1.301 2 2

11,000 ——

5,000 ——

£ 178,104 14 10 J

C. Mufgraee, Ja. Lowther, JVm. Boulter.

Memorandum: These Tallies cannot be discounted; and therefore must wait many Years their Payment in Course; so at 'present are of no Use towards dil'charging any Part of the Debts, or carrying on the Bnfiaefs of the Office.

Jo. Charleton.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider of the Trade of England and; and how to make

the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Rowland , Mr. , Mr.

Bridges, Sir John Bolles, Sir Tho. Sir Phil. Butler, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Bromley, Lord Mr.

Cowper, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Norris, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Henly, Mr. , Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Clark, Mr. Culliford, Lord Digby, Mr. Fuller, Sir Elwell, Mr. Bojcawen, Sir Sam. Mr. Bar-

rington, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Harrison, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Bohun, Mr . Heveningham, Sir Sir

Kay, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. York, Mr. Chenie, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Moore, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Bur-rard, Mr. Harley: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Bofcawen, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to take away the Payments of Smoak-silver, Peter-pence, or Common Fine, payable at the Sheriffs Turn: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lowther presented to the House an Account of the Debt of the Office of Ordnance, for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the last Day of September 1697; and also what hath occurred since, exclusive of the Debt before November 1688.

And the same was received, and read; and is as followeth; viz.

Sir Robert Rich, according to Order, presented to the Navy Debt. House an Estimate of the general Debt of his Majesty's Navy; calculated to the 30th of September 1697.

And the same was received, and read; and is as fol-Joweth; viz.

Admiralty-Office, 14th December 1697.

Due on Bills in the Second Book; namely, "

Pursers Balance Bills, and for extra necessary £. Money, Pensions, Half-pays, Surgeons,) 40,000 Free-Gift, Pilotage, &$c. occurred before I the 26th of March 1686. J

Wear and Tear.

Due on Bills in the present Re-"' gifter, for Stores -of all Sorts,

Workmanship, Freight of hired Men of War and Tenders, Disbursements. Salaries, Pensions,

Bounty to Widows and Orphans,

Pilotage, Transportation of Stores,

Imprefts, Bills of Exchange; and for Masts, Plank, Pitch, Tar,

Timber, and other Stores now delivering; Disbursements, Freight of Men of War and Tenders; and other Services, for which no Bills are yet made out; and the Debts of the Out-Ports; the Sum of

For Wages to his Majesties

Yards, Guard-Ships, and Ordi- > 153,793 J naries - - - j

222,258

376,051

These Articles between Brackets are omitted in the Journal, and are Applied from the Account which was predated to the llo*(i.

Vql. XII. Seamens

Kmvy Debt.

Transpest

Debt.

Accounts

referred.

8

14* Decembris,

A. 1697.

983.752

719,044

Seamens Wages For Wages to his Majesty's Ships, in Pay, to Michaelmas 1696, which are not yet paid up to that time -

For Wages for all his Majesty's Ships in Pay, from the lft 1696, to the 30th of September 1697 -

For the Recalls of those paid off whose Books are not yet cleared; calculated from the said Books, by calling each Man's Wages remain- 160,053 ing unpaid thereon, as also what remains in Arrears on the Books made up -

Victualling.

For the Service of victualling his Majesty's"! Navy, according to an Account received off the same from the Commissioners thereof, f over and above the Money in their Hands, -3

Sick and Wounded.

For the Service of the Sick and Wounded,"! as per an Account received from those Com- f missioners, over and above the Money in their C

Hands.....3

\i,862,849

182,114

Register-Office.

Due to the Seamen that have registered! £ themselves for his Majesty's Service, according to the late Act of Parliament, on Ac-> 16,389 count of their annual Allowance of 40 £. a I Man, the Sum of - - - - J

Total is Two Millions Five hundred!

Twenty-two thousand Five hundred Twenty- >2,522,523 three Pounds - - - - -J -

Memorand. There is remaining in Tallies, ini

the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, >1,000,000 about ----- -J

H. Preifiman, G. Rooke,

R. Rich, J. Houblon, G. Wharton.

Sir Robert Rich also, from the Commissioners of the Cruiser*. Admiralty, presented to the House an Account of Crui-fers according to Act of Parliament.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Lord Conningsby presented to the House an Ac- Money due to

count of what remains due to several Regiments under R«g>n"nt* the Care of his Lordship, and Charles Fox Esquire, to the time they were placed on the English Establishment.

45,120 And the feme was received, and read; and is as followed!;

viz

Regiments whose Accounts were stated soon after die War of , to the lit April 1692.

Royal Regiment of Horse Lord Gattvayes -

Brigadier Leveson's, late Fitter's Brigadier Lurnley -Colonel Langston, broke in Flanders Colonel Coy - -

Colonel Windham -

Royal Regiment of Dragoons -Colonel Lloyd's, late s, Dragoons

Colonel Selwyns Regiment of Foot -

Colonel Trelawnye's -

Colonel Brewer's -

Colonel Tiffin -

Sir John Jacob, late Hastings Company of Miners

Regiments whose Accounts are stated to the 31st of December 1691. Colonel Ross Dragoons, late Wynn's ——

Sir Hen. Belafys Regiment of Foot -

Brigadier Stewart's ——

Colonel Coot, late Lisbume's ——

Colonel Brudenell, late Row ——

Colonel La Melonier ....

Count Marton, late Du Camboris - -

Colonel Belcastle ——

From the iff April 1692, to the lft of May 1693.

Colonel Frederick Hamilton's ——

Colonel Foulk's, now Colonel Lillingstoti's

£ s. d-

2,344 18 2t

15 8

2,234 15 7i

1,841 4 6*

1,292 12 71

1,941 8 9*

1,478 16 H

1,415 1 H

1,838 — 1 i

1,196 582 1 5i

— 5i

2,023 11 10J

2,104 17 9t

1,912 17 31

1,998 9 2i

291 18 10^ J

>91-

8,264 18 5t

4,706 19 9*

6,905 3 3-r

7,333 11 10i

6,476 12 6*

7,36i 16 4-f

7,211 13 5i

6,416 12 -I

3,349 18 21)

3,604 14 4 3

s. d.

26,758 10 41

English Establishment

Coningsby.

Cha. Fox.

j 6,954 12 64

88,39010 v 9t

J 11,561 7 6*

£ 99>95i 18 4i

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Transports do lay House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be before this House an Account of the Debt owing upon granted to his Majesty

Account of Transport-Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the" several States, Ellimates, and Accounts, which have been presented to the House, be referred to the Committee of the whole

24

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of a Gratuity to be given to such Officers and Soldiers of the English Army, who are, or shall be, disbanded.

Ordered,

Soldiers to

exereil'e

Trades.

Supply.

Receipts and

and limes of Revenue

Transport

Debt.

9 W. III.

i 4° — 15° Decembris.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Soldiers, who shall be disbanded, to exercise their Trades: And that Mr. Hammond, and Mr. Moyle do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had taken Consideration of the States, Eftiinates, and Accounts, to them referred; and had directed him to move, That the same may be referred to a (cleft Committee, to examine.

llefolved, That it be referred to a select Committee, to examine the said States, Estimates, and Accounts; and to report the Matter of Fast to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer,

Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Spencer,

Lord Coningsby, Sir El. Harvey, Mr. Smith, Mr. Sayers,

Air. Wharton, Mr. Daniel, Mr. Guynn, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Newport, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Mason, Sir John Holies, Sir Walt. Yonge, Sir TLittleton, Sir Williams, Sir Wm.Scawen, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

Arnold, Sir Wm. St.Quintin, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Neale, Mr. Bethell, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Harley, Mr. Brom-

ley, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Bridges, Lord Digby, Mr. Norris, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Kendall, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir John Elwell, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Sir Hen. Hobart, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Clark, Sir Win. Lowther, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Huffey, Sir Robert Rich, Colonel Granville: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury do lay before this House an Account of the Receipts and I(Tues of the Revenue, for the Year ending at Michaelmas last.

Ordered, That an Account be also laid before this House how the Revenue (lands charged.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 15* die Decembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Norris, according to Order, presented to the House a State of the Transport-Debt for the reducing of Ireland, in Three Accounts: Which were read; and are as follow; viz.

Account of Freight due to Transport Ships that were employed in the Reduction of Ireland;

To Ships whole Accounts are set-1 £. tied, and 618 Debentures made for > 278,361 them - - - - -J

There are 94 Ships whose Deben tnres are not yet made, for want of Vouchers to balance their Accounts; their Freight, when adjusted.as near as it can be computed, may amount to about -

Besides the above Account, there is' Freight due to 54 Ships that were hired in Holland, by his Majesty's Order, by Mr. D'Wildt, and employed in the Reduction of Ireland; whose Accounts have been adjusted and transmitted to us; and amount to

i. i.

*1,855 — —

Transport-Office,

£-3*5,305 13 af

December 15 th, 1697. Samuel Atkinson, John Henley,

Tho. Hopkins, Anth.

English Plantation-Account of Transport-Duties from May 1695, to the 1 ith of December 1697.

£. s. d.

Received from May 95, to Michaelmas 96, 281 6 6

From Michaelmas 96, to Michaelmas 97, 652 9 6 From Michaelmas 97, to 11 December 97, 49 6 p

Hen. Wblstenholme. £. 983 2 0

s.

18

d.

3i

25,088 14 11

An Account of what Money hath been received and paid in the grant Receipt inwards, upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, for Transport-Service, from the ift of May 1695, to the 1 ith of December 1697.

£. s. d.

From ift May 1695, to Michaelmas following, received and paid - - 1,901 9

From Michaelmas 1695, to Michaelmas 96, received and paid, - - 3,413 j 11

From Michaelmas 1696, to Michaelmas 97, received and paid, - 14.909 5 6

From Michaelmas 97, to ith December indufive, received and paid, - 1,756 14 6|

£.21,980 14 nf

Err. ex' per Chr. Tower.

£. s. d. '

The grand Receipt, - - - 31,980 14 nf

The Plantation Receipt, - - 983 2, —

In the Port of London the Totalis *2,963 16 11 f

The Act forlicensing Hawkers and Pedlars. Debtor. £. s. d. Creditor. £. s.

To an AP lowanceffom prompt Payment, Loss in Reckoning, old Money,

Salaries, and other contingent Charges To Balance, 10,425 10 8

>1,127 11 4

£11,553 2 —

By Money "7 (

received for v 1 o,221 2 — 7 Licences )

By Bonds 7 not paid J *^3

£ 11,553 2 -4

V i.

Of the above Balance there is paid into the Exchequer - - -‘ - 7,983 3 i

Will be paid into the Exchequer this Week - - - - ‘ - - l,no t 7 7

Out in Bonds, which will be paid In as received - - - - 1,332 —

Vol. XII.

303,45.0 13 2

Balance £. 10,425 10 8

Mem. Besides the above Account, there are Licences in several Persons Hands in the Country, to be disposed of as there is Occasion, and will be then brought to Account; but cannot amount to much, the Year be" ing half expired.

Transport Office, Samuel Atkinson, John Henley,

15 December 1607. Tho. Hopkins, Anth. Duncombe.

D Ordered,

K>

150 — 1 6° J)ecemf>ris.

A. 1^9^.

Ordered, That the find Accounts be refereed to the Committee appointed Yesterday to consider of several States, Estimates, ajyd Accounts, presented to the House: And that they do examine the fame, and report the Matter of Fad; relating the reunto to the House.

Ordered, That ,t»e said Committee do fit diem:

And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ships for Residyed, That this House will jefolve itself into a

ummer an Q^mj^ee of ,the whole House, to consider what number Guard. of Ships are neceflEwy for a Summer and Winter Guard, for the Ye^r i6<$.

Resolved, T^iat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, pefolve itself into the said Committee of the whole

qufe.

Preventing A Bill against eorpqsponding with the lafo King James dence with 'v®13 r®iU^ a second time.

late King Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee James. of the whole House. '

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, refcj.ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Trade with Ireland.

Regulating

Prisons.

Relief of Creditors.

Preventing

throwing

Squibs,

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of the Tratip of England wad Ireland, and how to make the Trade of England more beneficial, have Power to fend £or Persons, Papers, and Records: And that they do report their Opinion therein to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Seviar Gentleman, was presented

tQ the House, and read; felting forth, That William Lentall Esquire, heing seised in Fee of the officq, on the 25th of Naae 1684, by Articles, agreed to grant the said Office and Perquisites to the Petitioner for his life; but Lentall refilling to perform the feme, tfafi Petitioner, in 1684, exhibited a Bill in Chancery to compel a Performance: During which Suit, an Act lately passed, without sufficient Notice to the Petitioner, for the more fiffectual Relief of (Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; wherein there is a Cjause to make void all Deputations and Grants before made by Mr. Lentall; so that the Petitioner cannot be relieved in Equity, by rea-Jhnof the said Afit, though he hath advanced great Sums of Money in Pppsideration of the said Armies, and been at gr^atEx pence jq prosecuting the fapie: And praying Leave to oring in a Bill for explaining thp said A6R so that h^ ipqy ftfe tp have the said Agreemept performed, or that he m^y be reimbprfed what Money he has paiq and expended in relation thpreunto.

— Ordered, 'f'hat Leave be given tp bripg ip a Rill fof the further regulating Abides of Prisons: And that Sir William Williams and Mif. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in the BilL

Ordered, That Leave Re given to bring ip a Bill to explain and rectify the Act passed the last Session for Relief of Cpjdifors, by making compositions with their Debtoci, in cafe1 Two-third4 ip dumber and Value do agree: And that Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Earrer, Mr. Montague, and Mr* fVfee, and Mf- do prepare,

nd bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent Mischiefe by Squibs, and other Fireworks: And that Sir Henry Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An,d thpn the House. adjourned till Tomorrow ‘ Morning Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 1(5° iPecemkris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

JP R A TjE R*S.

R D E R ED, That Leave be given 40 bring in a Knot's Bill to enable the Trustees of William Knot, and his Ertate. Wife, to fell a Lease of Houses in London,

for Payment of Debts; and to settle -another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof.

The House was, according to Order, called over: And Call of thu the Names of such Members as made Default were 1,ouse* noted down.

And several were exculed upon account of S.ickness; and feme, upon account of extraordinary Occasions; and feme upon account of their being upon the Road.

And others were not excused; John Ciobcry Esquire, Arthur Lord Lrxpyn, John Tamer Esquire, Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet, John Mitchell Esquire, Tho. Pa-

pillion Esquire, Sir Edward Seaward, Sir Edward Acton,

Edward Yard Esquire, Sir Tho. Ejicoqrt, John Knight Esquire, Hugh Nanny Esquire, Tho, Esquire,

Price jjevereux Esquire.

Ordered, That John Clobeiy Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Pai'ii^rpent.

Ordered, That John Mitchell Esquire be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That John Tanner Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himselr firQm his Service ip Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seaward Knight be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absentipg himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Edwqrd Yard Esquire he sent for ip Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

The Question being about to be put, That John Knight Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament;

He appeared in his Place.

The Question being put, That Tho. Trenchard Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament;

Jt passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Trenchard do attend the Service of the House upon Monday next.

The Question being put, That Arthur Lord Viscount Incyn be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament;

It pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That tire said Lord Tnnyn do attend the Service of the House upon Monday next.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Ashton Baronet be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Thomas Papillon Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeaut at Arms attending this House, for absentipg himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Sir Edward A Bon he lent for ip Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, lor absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That SR Tho. Ejlcourt be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Hugh Nanny Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

Ordered, That Price Devereux Esquire be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament.

p W. llli i6° — -17* tkcewbnS.

State of the Revenue;

Supply.

Arrear* for

Transport

Service.

Transjtort

Debt.

Ordered, That the House-be called over -again upon ttbis ©ay 6evennight: And that fifeh Members as shall not then attend be font for in Ctiftotiy of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Older, presented to the House an Account how his Majesty's Revenue Hands charged; and the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Account be read To-motrdw Morning.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the SHouse adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 17° die Decembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Edward Beer, and others, Masters of Vessels belonging to the Borough and Corporation of Lymington, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1693, the Petitioners entered into Charter-party with the Comaaffioners for Transport-Service, and were to receive a Month's Pay in Hand, and be cleared when discharged from the Service; but they did not receive the said Month's Pay; and there is due to them about 1 >200 /. for Freight, besides Interest; which disables them from accounting with their Owners, and makes the Petitioners necessitous: And praying. That feme Means may be found out to pay them what is due.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Accotmt of the Transport-Debt be brought in.

75,552 14

d.

11

| 18,888 4 5

Mr. Moor, from the Commissioners of Transportation, presented to the House an Account of the Debt owing for Transport-Service, exclusive of the Irish Debt And the same was received, and read; and is as followed) j viz.

Due to Ships ihat were hired for") a Descent in the Year 1693, - -j Interest due for the fame, which, -j by Contract, is to be paid from a Month after the Ships were discharged; viz. the 29th October 93,

to the 29th Instant, is Years and 2 Months, which, at 6 per Cent, per Ann. amounts to - -

There is also a Debt due for Freight" to Ships that were sent with Provisions to "Newfoundland; and to Ships that carried Horses and Men of his Majesty *s Army to Holland', and to Tradesmen, for Provisions for them; and for Calk, Stabling, Deals for Platforms, $c.

There are 68 Transport-Ships,' containing 12,786! Tons, employed in monthly Service, to bring Forces from. Holland scud Flanders; whereof 4,583^ Tons entered into Pay about the 14 Octoberlaft, and were paid one

Month's Pay: There is now another Monthr due to them, which amounts to -

In all - - £.

> 28,593 14 6f

2,750

125,785 »o*

'Winter; which will be a consideraBle Charge, besides the Provisions that must be provided for the Forces they bring from time to ‘time.

Transport^Office, SatnueU Atkinfoto, John Henley,

17 December 1697. Tito. Hopkins,

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the select'Committee appointed to consider of several States,

‘Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House: And that they do examine the fame, and report the Matter of Fast to the House.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company Duilenou Of Felhnongefs, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the Leather.

City of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, time out of mind, used to import great Quantities of Sheep-lkins and Lamb-lkins from Ireland, the manufacturing whereof here employed marty Thousand People, to the Benefit of the Publick; biit, since a high Duty has been laid upon those Commodities in Ireland, and a Duty upon Alum Leather hete by a late Act, the Petitioners Trades are almost loft; which are like to be improved iri Foreign Parts, *0 the Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premise$.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Sir zoaring, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Dolben, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Bofiawen, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gery, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Colt, Mr Morgan, Mr. Mr.

Dowdjwell, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Ash,

Sir Robert Burdet, Sir John Kay, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Bald-wyti. Sir PFim. Lowther, Sir Phil. Butler, Mr. Lowther,

Colonel Granville, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Done, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Sir John Austin, Mr. Hammond, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Tho. Skipwith, Mr. White, Sir JVm. York, Sir Matth. Andreeos, Mr Evelyn, Mr. Newport, Mr. Blaake,

Sir Fra. tVimtington, Mr. Brother ton, Co-

lonel Perrey, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Fra. Masham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Company of Skinners, Leather- Ditto, dressers, and Glovers, of the Town of Shrewsbury in the County of Salop, was presented to the House, and . read; setting forth. That the Petitioners Trades, at best, are but a bare Subsistence for themselves and Families; and, since a Duty has been laid upon Leather by a late Act of Parliament, they are almost reduced to the utmost Extremity: And praying the House to find feme other Way of railing Money than by a Tax on the Commodities used by the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Aldborough . fufned the Consideration of the Motion made the 3d of 'Vrifc December instant, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of £he Crown, to make Out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgets to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aldhotough in the County of York, in the room of Sir Michaetl fVde-ceased.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Motion be farther adjourned till this Day Fortnight.

«iin-nnirmmm. MJjria a Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and The remaining 8,203! Tons entered into Pay foe Be- Sir Richard Ho ford: ginning of this Month, and have had a Month's Pay; Mr. Speaker,

so that there fa nothing due to then); but all the Sixty- The Lords have patted a ffifl, intituled, An Act to tJnJutf eight Ships may be continued in the Service the whole prevent endue Marrfagts of Infants,- and for the better XII. securing g

Militia

Regulation.

State of the Revenue.

17* — i8b DecembriS*

A. 1597.

securing the Guardianship of them: To which they de-' lire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to regulate the Militia, and make them more useful.

And it is referred to Sir Richard Lord

per Am. and 2 per Cent, pet Ann. more for Gratuity:

And at this time there remains unsatisfied of the said Principal Money the Sum of 13,500l.

fVm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That the said Account be referred to the feted; Committee appointed to conllder of several States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House: And

ton. Sir Chr. Mufgrove, Mr Pelham, Sir tVm. Williams, that they do examine the fame; and report the Matter

Mr. Harley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Henley, Major-General of Fad to the House.

Earle, Lord Newport, Major-General Trelawney, Mr. Boyle, Brigadier Trelawney, Mr. Mr. Smith,

Sir Marm.7fl.vell, Mr. Gtoyn, Colonel Warton, Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir fVm. St. Quin, Mr. How, Sir Gods.

Copley, Mr. Clark, Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Bolles, Colonel

Granville, Mr. Moore, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Haroey, Mr. Gery, or any Three of them, to prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Account presented to the House Yesterday, how

Winter

Guard.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, ship* for resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, Summer aut to consider what Number of Ships are necessary for a Summer and Winter Guard, for the Year 1698.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee.

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had

his Majesty's Revenue stand charged, was read; and is directed him to report, when the House will please to re-

as followeth; vis.

The hereditary Revenue of Excise, and that Part thereof Which is granted during his Majesty's Life, amounting together to 2 s.6d. per Barrel on strong Beer, 8$c. is charged as followeth; that is to say,

With Loans unsatisfied (over and above the Interest thereupon due, and to grow due, at 6, 7, and 8 per Cent.) 581,877/. 2 s.6id.

These Loans, and the Interest thereof, are appointed by Act of Parliament to be paid off and satisfied by 6,0001. a Week out of the said Revenue; which, by Computation, will discharge the same in Two Years, or thereabouts.

ceive the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Aiid then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

For the Queen Dowager Prince and Princess of Denmark -Duchess of Bucclugh -Duchess and young DukeoiGrafton Duke of Southampton Duke of Northumberland -Duchess of Richmond Sir Sam. Morland -

Corporation of Great Yarmouth

s. d. 15 2

Sabbati, 18* die;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Betides these Loans, there is a further yearly Charge A PETITION of the W ardens, and the rest of the Duties oa by Act of Parliament, and several Letters Patents, on the iV- Society of Glovers, within the City of Hereford, Leather, same Revenue; £. s. d. w8lS presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That,

since there has been a Duty laid upon Allum, Salt, and Leather, the GloversTrade is abated above a Fourth-part, and Gloves are fallen Two Shillings in a Dozen; and the Buyer will now have longer Credit, by reason of the Dulness of Trade; so that the Petitioners cannot receive Money enough to pay Journeymen: And praying, That the Duty upon Alum-Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company, of Fellmongers,

£. 76,569 15 2 Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, i3

— . ----- -- referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;

and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

£ 12,209 50,000

4.000

3.000

3.000

3.000

1.000 200 160

The Revenue arising by the General Letter-Office is, at this time, charged with Tallies of Loan, and other Tallies, unsatisfied (over and above the Interest due, and to grow due thereupon, at 6,7, and 8,per Cent.) amounting to 127,851 /. 2 s.g{ d.

Six hundred Pounds a Week of this Revenue is appropriated by Act of Parliament, for satisfying the said Tallies and Interest; which, by Computation, may discharge the same in about Five Years time.

And with several Pensions, by Letters Patents; £.

Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the Preventing House a Bill to prevent the Throwing and Firing of throwing Squibs, Serpents, and other Fireworks: And the feme &c-

was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

For the Duchess of Cleaveland Earl of Rochester

4,700

4,000

Mr. Smith, acording to Order, presented to the House Timber in a Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest. New Forest, in the County of Southampton: And the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First timer Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Oath* rela-House a Bill to give further Time for the Administring tinK10 of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders; and for the easier Dispatch of the publick Bufinefe in the Exchequer: &ufin»so,

And the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

ResolveThat the Bill be read a Second time on The Revenue arising by Wine-Licences is managed by Monday Morning next.

Contractors, who advanced 30,000 /. thereupon in the

Year 1690; and were to detain the same out of the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill that Hammered Proceed of the said Revenue, by half-yearly Payments no Tender of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom Coin, of 1*500l. for Principal, betides Interest at 6 per Cent, be a lawful Tender of Money in any Payment wiiatfo-

19 ever:

Duke of Sconberg 4,000

Earl of Bath - - 2,500

Duke of Leeds - - - 3,5o

Lord Chancellor - - 2,000

Earl of Rochford t - 1,000

fVilliarn Dockwra Esquire - 500

Ferrand Spence Esquire 400

Samuel Johtifon Clerk - 300 £22,900

9 W. III.

i8° — 20° Decembris.

*3

ever: And that Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Gnynne, and Mr- self from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Loumdcs, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. Custody, paying his Fees.

Ships for Summer and Winter Guard

Preventing Correspondence with late King James.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider what Number of Ships are necessary for a Summer and Winter Guard for the Year 1698, the Resolution of the Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That 10,000 Men are necessary for a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, for the Year 1698.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That 10,000 Men are necessary for a Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, for the Year 1698.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill against corresponding with the late King James.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Undue Mar-to prevent undue Marriages of Infants, and for better of IxA‘ securing the Guardianship of them, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill to give further Time for the Administring of Oaths relat-Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders; and for the easier ing to Tallies, Dispatch of the publick Bufmeis in the Exchequer; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes,

Mr. Palmes, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr.

Bofcawen, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bromley, Sir Chr. Mu/grace, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Granville, Sir Tho.

Stanley, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Perry, Sir Robert Burdety Mr. Farrer, Mr. Gztynn, Mr. Clerke, Sir Robert Cotton,

Mr. Henley, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Edw. Harley, Mr. Tho. Foley junior,

Mr. Pocklingiony Mr. Machclly Mr. Mawdit, Sir Fran.

Winington, Mr. Fox, Lord Dig by, Mv.Hoare, Lord Paxv-let, Sir Marm. JVivclL Mr. Ash, Mr. Pagetty Mr. Fullery Mr. Bet hell, Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they do receive a Clause to enlarge the Time for making Dividends of the Money, which the Bank receives upon Tallies, and Orders, subscribed into the Bank.

&nott*i

Elute.

Luna, 20° die Decembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii*

Prate es.

THE Lord Castleton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable the Trustees of JVm. Knott Gentleman, and hi& Wife, to fell a Leafeof Houses in Bread-street, London, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Member Ordered, That Mr. Decereux, in Custody of the Ser-discharged jeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from Custody; his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of

Custody, paying his Fees.

Ditto. Ordered, That Mr. Papillony in Custody of the Ser-

jeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from* his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Poor Relief. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Act passed the last Session, intituled, An Act for supplying feme Defers in the Laws for Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom: And that Mr. Pagitt and Sir Henry Hobart do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w ho are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, To consider further of the Summer and Winter Guards at Sea, for the Year 1698.

Supply.

Guibon's

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

A Member discharged from Custody.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir Francis Guibon, and Dame Isabella his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manor of Avenalls, and other Lands in or newcGwtthorp, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir William Lowther have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitchell, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this llouie, for absenting him-Vol. XII.

Mr. Coaper, according to Order, reported from the Preventing Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill against Correspond-corresponding with the late King James was committed, j5 the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; jame*!"2 which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read the First time throughout, and then a Second time, one by one: And, with an Amendment to one of the said Amendments, the said Amendments were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Persons, who shall procure any Pardon or Grant from the late King James, after the and whosoever

hath, since the taken any such Pardon or

Grant, shall deliver up the same to his Majesty, or one of his Secretaries of State; or else shall be adjudged guilty of High Treason.

And the same was twice read with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up: And, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That all Persons prosecuted for Treason by the said Bill shall have the Benefit of a late Act for regulating Tryals in Cafes of Treason.

And the same was tw ice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill*

That all Grants of any Estate forfeited by virtue of the Bill shall be void.

And the same w^as twice read, and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrossed.

The House,

according to

L

the Order of

the Day, resolved

Supply.

m

*4

20* — 21°

A. 1697.

resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 21* Decembris',

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

/ORDERED, That Mr. John How have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Sir and Dame

Isabella his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manor of AvenaUs, and other Lands in or near Gunthorpe, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling other Lands, in lieu thereof: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refbboed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Campion have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Rich have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Serjeants, and private Centinels, who were lately discharged from the Regiment commanded by Colonel Coote, was ^relented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the^Petitioners are discharged without Payment of their Short-Allowance and Subsistence-money, and have complained thereof to the General Officers at the Horse-Guards, without receiving any Answer: That the Petitioners are Foreigners, without any Employment here; and have not wherewith to convey themselves into their native Countries; so mull starve in the Streets, without Help: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Counter*, Scc. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to

imprisonment continue in Prison Cowriter, John Bemardi, Robert CafjeUs, Robert Meldnrn, James Chambers, and Robert Blackbume; who were committed to Newgate for their being concerned in the late horrid Conspiracy of affaffi-nating his Majesty: And that Mr. C/tfrA: do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Leave of Absence*

Gaibon's

Estate.

Leave of Abfcoct.

Army

Arrears.

Elrvell, Sir John Duke, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Htsefer, Mr. Heoeningham, Sir John Kay, Mr. Mr. Meriik,

Mr. Pelham, Colonel Perry, Mr. Foley, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mountstecens, Mr. Evdyn, SirMarm. Mr

fyn, Mr. Price, Lord Pcavlet, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Ttornhagh,

Mr. England, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Gerv. Mr. Come-walks, Sir Wm. Elks, Mr. Moore, Mr. Hoar*, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Roberts,

Mr. Sand ford, Sir Fran. Winifigton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker'*

Chambers.

Ordered, That Mr. Nanny, in Custody of the Setjeartt A Member at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from discharged his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, froni Custo<v* paying his Fees.

An ingrafted Bill against corresponding with the late Preventing King James was read the Third time. Correspond-

Refoboed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title ^*5® be. An Act against corresponding with the late King 1M* ara*u James, and his Adherents.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Jacob Coster, Agent, and several other Cotter* Troopers, in the Regiment of Colonel Rechtoran, now Petition, disbanded, was presented to the House.

And the Question being put, That the said Petition be read;

It pasted in the Negative.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution of the said Committee, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in a just Sense and Acknowlegement of what great Things his Majesty has done for these Kingdoms, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 700,000l. per Annum, be granted to his Majesty, during his life, for the Support of the Civil List.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the said Resolution be re-committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellei, for the Yeas

Teller, for foe No

So it pasted in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, in a just Sense and Acknowlegement of what great Things his Majesty has done for these Kingdoms, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 700,000l. per Annum, be granted to his Majesty, during his Life, for the Support of the Ciril Lift.

Ordered, That the Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber in Timber in the New Forrest, in the County of Southampton, ^ew For#ft*' be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

} 86. ]^25.

Hammered Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the

Coin. House a Bill, to prevent the Currency of any hammered

Silver Coin of this Kingdom: And the same was received. The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Abolishing Payments of Smoak-Silver, &c.

A Bill to take away the Payments of Smoak-Silver, Peter-pence, or common Fine, payable at the Sheriff's Turn, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Cooper, Lord Coningsby, Sir John 18

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

9 W. III.

2z° Decembris.

15

Mercurii, 2T d Decembris; Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Duties on Leather*

A

Prayers. PETITION

of divers Fell mongers, Glovers, Tawers, D idlers, Cutters, and Workers of Leather, within the Town and County of the Town of ham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are not able any longer to pay the

Refol That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause for the Currency of the said hammered Money, in Payment of Taxes, for feme time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do provide, That such of the said hammered Money as has been, or shall be, received in Duty upon Leather; and though they have registred all the Country for his Majesty's Revenue, or Taxes, may their Leather according to the late Act, yet they cannot be carried to his Majesty's Mints in the Country, to be sell the same, without giving notice to the Officers to at- new coined, tend the Sale; which is a great Grievance to the Petitioners, and Hindrance in the Way of their Trade: And Mr. Lowndes, from the Lords Commissioners of the Revenue praying that the Duty on Leather may be mitigated, and Treasury, according to Order, presented to the House Receipts an^ the Act relating thereto explained. an Account of the Receipts and IflTues of the Revenue, luut5‘

Ordered, That the Cousideration of the said Petition be for the Year ending at Michaelmas last: And the lame

was received

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table,

referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers,

Leather-dreflTers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, -to be perused by the Members of the House and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Oaths relat- Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the iugioTallies, Bill to give further Time for the Administring of Oaths QorrRafinrfu re^at'n" to Tallies and Orders, and for the easier Dispatch of the publick Business in the Exchequer, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second

A Bill to prevent the Throwing and Firing of Squibs, Preventing Serpents, and other Fireworks, was read a Second time, throwing And a Motion being made, and the Question being s4ullj!,» &c* put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers forihe Yeas,* 0^,. ] 151‘

Tellers for Ihe Noes,} 76.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is committed to Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Brother ton, Sir Sir

time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Taylor, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr.

thereupon, agreed unto by the House

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Thornhagh, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Boyle, Mr.

Leave of Absenc*.

Mountague, Mr. Mr. Lambton, Mr. Foley,

Sir Sir Sir Jof Jekyll, Sir

Edw. Seymour, Mr. Clark, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Ordered, That Mr, Halsey have Leave to go into the H Mr. Price, Sir Burdet, Sir IVm.

Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions

Ordered, That Mr. Bere have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Irish Arrears. The Lord Coningsby presented to the House an Account of what is due to several Regiments of Horse and Foot, to be cleared of their Irish Arrears, till the last of March, 1692.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Horse. £. s. d.

To the Marquis of Mmijxjvillons Regiment 5,293 1 7

To the Earl of Athlone's -4,367 12 1

To the Hcer of Gravemeers - - 484 11 11

To the Earl of Rochford's , - - - 590 16 1 To Brigadier Sc hack's - - 5,139 13 5

To Brigadier Boncour's - - -4,1471211

To the Heer Van Nyenhuy - - 4,946 6 9

Foot.

To Count Nassau's - - 1,067 9 10

To Colonel Grobots - - - -1,223 12 6

Jacob Vand. Efch. f. 27,260 17 1

Mr. Pelham, Sir John Bolles, Colonel Perry, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. England, Sir JVm. York, Mr. Blofeild,

Mr. How, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Colt, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Morgan, Ixird Coningsby, Sir Cloudsly Shovel, Colonel Granville, Mr. Aylemer, Mr. Sayer, Sir Herbert Crof t; and all that serve for London, Westminster, and And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber in the Timber in New-Forest, in the County of Southampton, was, accord- New Forest. ing to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy, and Mr. Ryly, the Surveyor of the Woods in the Forests South, do then attend the said Committee: And that they do then give an Account of all the Timber anil Wood in the said Forest, and what the same is lit for.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider how to restrain all Grants of the said Forest; and how to appropriate the Overplus

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account of the Money to be raised by Sale of Wood, over and be referred to the Committee appointed to examine the above the necessary Expence of making the Inclosure several States, Estimates, and Accounts, which have been intended by the said Bill

Hammered

Coin.

presented to the House: And that they do examine the fame, and report the Matter ol Fu£t to the House.

A Bill to prevent the Currency of any hammered Silver-Coin of this Kingdom was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of thie whole House.

Vo l. XII.

Ordered, That it be also an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of feme other Way of raising Money for making the said Inclosure, than by Sale of Timber in the said Forest.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider

Leave of Absence.

Unties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

16

22* — 2 3° Decetnbris.

A\ I ($97.

consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and to whom it was also referred to consider further of the Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, for the Year 1698.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mn Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, 'That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir ThoihOs Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have I*eave to fit again.

Kefolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 25* die Decembris j Nono Gulielmi Tertii,

Prayers.

Y\RDERED, That Sir George have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Austen have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Journeymen and Labourers belonging to the Gloving and Skinning Trade, in and near the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the heavy Duty laid upon Alum and Oiled-Leather, the chief Masters have turned off their Journeymen, whom they had employed many Years before; who, being decrepit, are unfit for any other Employment; and thereby their Families are reduced to great Want: And praying, That the Duty upon Alum and Oiled-Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Glovers, Skinners, and Leather-dressers, in and near the City of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Excise Officers for collecting and managing the Duty upon Leather have denied Leave for the Petitioners to fell their Leather, though the Duty paid; by which means One-Third of their Trade is funk: And by the additional Duty on foreign Skins in the Hair, and on Alum and Salt, the Value of Leather dressed therewith doth so increase the Price, that other Countries can undersell us; whereby our Trade therein is stopt: And praying, That the Duty upon Alum and Oiled-Leather may be taken off; or else they must lay down their Trades.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Glovers, Skinners, and other Artificers of the Leather Trade, within the City and County of the City of Coventry, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth. That the Duty upon Leather is insupportable to them, and tends to the Ruin of their Trades; for that they are forced to fell cheaper than before the Duty, because they must fell no-where but at the Market; where Two or Three Curriers buy up the Leather, and fell it, at their own Rates, to Shoemakers, §c. who used to buy it of the Petitioners, in finall Parcels as they could get Money: And praying. That the Act for laying a Duty upon Leather may be repealed; or that they may be feme other Ways relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of , is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke the elder have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absencw

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper have Leave to go into the Country for Nine Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Cooper have Leave to go into the Country for Nine Days, upon extraordinary Occasions*

A Bill to enable Sir Francis Guibon and Dame Isabella Guibou't his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manor of

and other Lands in or near Gunthoip, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hobart, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Waller,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Drake, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Price,

Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Sir

John Bolles, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Holt, Mr. Mr-

Lonmdes, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Lambton, Mr. England,

Sic Henry Colt, Mr Bertie, Mr. Blake, Mr. Baldioyn, Mr.

White, Mr. Colt; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay have Leave to go into the Leave of

Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Ab.We.

Ordered, That Mr. Freke junior have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, to bury a near Relation.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for jmD0 , rendering the Taws more effectual for preventing the Bone-law* Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Needle-work, Point &c. and Cut-work: And that Sir William Drake, Sir Henry Hobart, and Sir Walter Younge, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir Christopher Hatton, Sir Richard - Cambridge net, Baronets; Altham Smith, Thomas Buck, Malbon Ca- Election. roll, John Milicent, Tyrrell Dalton, William March, Thomas Richars, Edward Nightingalle, Robert Drake, John Brownell, and Theophilus Tyrrell, Esquires; James.

Thomas Dod, Roger Pylce, Thomas and Thomas

Fowle, Gentlemen; Freeholders of the County of Cambridge; on the behalf of themselves, and many others of the Freeholders of the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, at an Election for a Knight of the Shire for Cambridgeshire, on the 6th Instant,

Granado Pigot Esquire stood as a Candidate; and about Eleven a Clock the Poll began; and several Freeholders there desired to poll for Mr. Pigot, but were denied:

And the Under-Sheriff discharged the Freeholders, about Four in the Afternoon, from their Attendance

*7

9 W. III. 230 — 3o° Decembris.

at the County-Court; and called the Court,

without Mr. Pigott's Consent: That before Five a Clock the' Sheriff began to poll again, in the Crown-Court; and, without making Proclamation, about Five a Clock did adjourn the Poll till Eight the next Morning, without Mr.

Pigott's Consent, several Freeholders then desiring to poll for him: That the Petitioners attended at Eight a Clock; but the Sheriff did not proceed to poll till after Ten a Clock, and gave the Petitioners such unnecessary Delays, that many Freeholders were forced to go home without polling: That the Petitioners have also been debarred from their just Rights and Liberties in this Election, by Threats and Treats, by Persons in Commission both of the Peace, and for Taxes: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Member Ordered, That Sir Thomas Estcourt, in Custody of the

discharged Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting

from Custody. himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying iiis Fees.

Ditto. Oraei'ed, That Mr. in Custody of the Serjeant

at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Ltgard:

Mr. Speaker,

Baker's The Lords have passed a Dill, intituled, An Act for

Estate. vesting in Sydenham Bak Gentleman an absolute Kit ate

of Inheritance in Fee simple, in a certain Rent, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of

von;and securing to John Baker Gentleman, and Henry Baker an Infant, his Son, Monies, in lieu of their Claims thereunto: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Leave of Ordered, That Coloner Kirkby have leave to go into Abfeace. the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Molineux have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Molineux have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Oathi rela- An ingrafted Bill to give further Time for the Admi-«md Exche*' n‘^tr‘nS of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders; and for quer Business. ^ie ealier Dispatch of the publick Business in the Exchequer; was read the third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, an Act to give further Time for the administring Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders; and for the ealier Dispatch of the publick Business in the Exchequer, and in the Bank of England.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Call of the Ordered, That the House be called over u pon Wednesday H*aie. Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending this House.

Counter's,&c. Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the House imprisonment a Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, John Bemardi, Robert Cassells, Robert Meldrum, James Chambers, and Robert Blackborne, committed to Newgate for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Vo l.XII.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and to whom it was allb referred to consider further of the Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, for the Year 1698; the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read: and is as follnweth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, for the Charge of maintaining 10,000 Men for the Summer and Winter Guard at Sea, for the Year 1698, there be allowed, including the Charge of the Ordnance for Sea-Service, 4 I. per Man per Month, for Thirteen

Months.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Hammered solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to con- t'oin* filler of the Bill to prevent the Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourtreported from the said Committee, That

they had.gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Thurslay Morning next, Nine a Clock.

Jervis, 30* die Decembris;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the Glovers, Skinners, and others Duties on concerned in tie Manufacturing of Alum-Leather, Leather, in and about the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the late Duty laid upon all Alum-Leather hath so enhanced the Price, that they cannot vend the same at home nor abroad; so That Trade is in Danger to be carried into France, w here they can under-fell us, if the Duty be continued: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-drafters, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coward have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seaward, in Custod y of the j, Member

Serjeant at Arms attending this House for absenting him- discharged self from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of custody-Custody, paying his Fees.

Ordered, That Mr. England have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Denton have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Baker'* for vesting in Sydenham Baker Gentleman, an abfo- Estate. lute Estate of Inheritance in Fee-simple, in a certain Rent, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the

F County

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

18 30* Detetnbris'. 1697.

County of Demon; an &securing to John Baker Gentle- A Bill to enable the Vruftees at Wiliam Knott, and bid Knott'*

man, and Henry Baker an Infant, his Son, Monies, in Wife, to fell a Lease of Houses m Bread-street, London, lieu of their Qaims thereuntowas read the First, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Estate, of time. better Value, in Heu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. That the BUI be committed to Lord

1 ton, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. Ettrick, Sir Henry

A Petition of several Tanners, in the Borough of South-Colt, Sir Tho, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. ttark, and Parish of Saint Maiy Magdalen Bermondsey, ker, Mr. Mr. Morgan, Lord Fawlet, Mr. Hun-

in behalf of themselves and many others, was presented to gers Mr. Sir Bolles, Mr. Foley, Mr. the House, and read; setting forth, That the Tax upon BatcMr. Htton Mr. Arnold, Mr. Price, Leather is so heavy and ruinous to their Trade, that of Mr. Farrer, Sfr Wm. Ellis, Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho. Skip-Eighty Tan-Yards in the said Places, before the Duty, withMr. England, Colonel1 Mr. Lowther, Mr. there are now but Sixteen or Seventeen employed; and Colt, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Moore, Sir JVUliams, Mr. leather is now as cheap as before the said Duty: And Slater, Mr. Lamhton; and all die Members that serve praying the Consideration of the House,. and Relief in the for the Counties of York, Lincolne, and Nottingham: Premises. And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in

Ordered, That the COnsideration of the said Petition the Speaker's Chambers, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fel (mongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is . referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Wardens, and the fest of the Society of Glovers, within the Borough of Leominster, ' was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That many Thousand poor People, and Journeymen Glovers, have been maintained by the Gfovitig-Trade; but, since a Duty has been laid upon Oil and Alum-Leather, the Matter Glovers have been unable td carry on their Trades; so that their poor Work-folk are thereby reduced to great Want: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Lea* ther-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the poor Journey-folk Glovers, of and belonging to the City of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That many hundred Families have been decently maintained by the said Trade, within the said City, before a Duty was laid upon Alum-Leathfer; but since, they are almoli starved for want of Work, the Master Glovers, in Part, employing some of the Petitioners merely out of Charity, in Hopes the said Duty will be taken off, there being little or no Profit to be gotten by the said Trade, it will be quite laid down, if it he continued: And praying, That the Duty upon Alum Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dreffertf, and Glovers, in the City of Chester is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; ann report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Leather-dressers, Shoemakers, and other Artificers in Leather, in the Town of Bridgnorth in the County of Salop, upon the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather hath forced the Petitioners to discharge most of the Work-folks, who, for want of Work, are and may be more burdensome to their Parishes: And the Petitioners are forced to lessen their Stocks, and are much prejudiced by the said Duty: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Lea-ther*drefiers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

32

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bifl to Du0 . make the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, Navigation, at the Charge of such as shall undertake t^e fame: And that Sir Godfrey Copley do prepare, and.....BiH.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City Hammered of Bristoll was presented to the House, and read; setting Coin forth, That by Computation there will, in a Month's time, be at least 150,000l. of old hammered Money in the said City, brought to their Fair from Wales, and other Places; the which, if it should be brought up to London, to be recoined, will be a great Prejudice to the Trade of Bristoll, and the adjacent Counties: And praying, That their hammered Money may be coined at Bristoll, by continuing their Mint for iome time longer.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to the Bill to prevent the Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom, for the Relief of the Petitioners.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other principal In- Ditto, habitants, of the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That there being a Mint erected in the said City, and the Time being expired for bringing fn any more hammered Money to be recoined at the said Mint, though they have very considerable Sums thereof, the Charge and Hazard to the Owner of fending the feme to Londot/ is not the only Prejudice they muu foltain, but the great Hindrance to Trade that must consequently ensue thereby: And praying, That the said Mint may be continued for some time, for recoining their old hammered Money.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring; in a Clause also to the said Bill, for the Relief of the said Petitioners.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause to Ditto, the said Bill, for continuing the Mints in the Country for some time, for recoining the old hammered Money in the Country.

A Petition of the reduced Men belonging to the Royal Army Regiment of Dragoons, and the several Regiments of Arrears-Light Horse, in Flanders, was presented to the House, ana read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were reduced in Flanders, having Five Pattacoons per Man allowed for Subsistence till they came to England; which hath fiace been stopt out of their Bills, without any Allowance of Half-pay: That most of the Petitioners brought in their own Horses, which were taken away; and some few had others given them, of small Value, which were sold at 105. and 35. 4 d.perHorse, when they could have fold their own Horses at 3, 5, And 1 o Pistoles a Horse: That, in 1693, his Majesty ordered that 6 Stivers per Day should be stopt out of every Trooper's Pay, and 3 out of each Dragoon's, for mounting; which has been continued ever since: That, in 1696, the Boors along the Canal of Bruges brought the Petitioners Forage; but their Officers compelled them to take additional Hay, at 2 id. per Buis, and stopt it out of their Subsistence; which was never known in any Camp before: That some of the Petitioners

‘Privilege of a Member in a Su«t.

Counter's

Imprison-

meat.

Undue Marriages of Infants.

9 W. I1L . 30° Decemtm. — -3* Januarii.

era ham had no Ctoatbfog Side Three Years, others nbfc

in a Year and Half; yet have paid their 6d. Day Cloathing; and paid for the Charges of Returns of Money in Flanders, oat of their Subfstence, though they have

not received his Majesty's Bounty-money, nor their Irish Arrears: And praying Relief in the ftrMMfes.

Ordered, That tihesaid Petition do lie upon the Tablet

A Petition of Dm Pheiipp de laGuerrai Agent and Con-fa! to hie Catholic 1c llajdiy, on behalf of the Executors of the Lad Will and Testament of Sir Widiani Godolphin Knight, deceased; Subjects of his laid Cathohck Majesty, residing in the Kingdom of Spain#, was prdfented to the House, and read; feting forth, That, la ^Asr/y 1696* the said Sir William died- at Madrid, having before made his

Last Wilt, according to the Laws of Spain# That before the said Will could be returned into England, or any Caveat entered, viz. in November following, Administration was granted to Frauds Godolphin, and Ehz. the

W'ife of Charles Godolphin, a Member of this House:

That the Petitioner now has the said Will in Writing, and is ready to prove the fame; but cannot proceed therein to call in the said Admir»iftra»ior>, by realm the said Charles Godolphin infills on his Privilege: And pray-

ing, That the Petitioner may have Liberty to proceed, according to Law, upon tl»e said WiW, notwithstanding the , Privilege of the said Charles Godolphin.

Unto which the said Mr. Godolphin being heard, in Me Place, upon the whole Matter of Fast relating to the said Will;

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition, and Matter aforesaid, be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine, and report the fame, with their Opinion thetein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Bofeawen, Sir Wm.St.

tm, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Travers, Mr. Thomhpgh, Sir Wm.

Drake, Mr. Fox, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm.Bowes, Mr. Ft trick,

Mr. Burrington, Sir Wm. Scauen, Sir Robert Davers,

Mr. Farrer, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Gery, Mr Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Bet hell. Sir Phil.

Boteler, Mr. Methwyn, Mr Whitaker, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr.

Clark, Sir Chr. Mufgrove, Sir Walt. Yonge, Mr. England,

Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. White, Mr. Palmes,

Serjeant Bond, Mr. Manley, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Bolles,

Mr. Dolben, Mr. Freuxn, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Harley:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of *

John Bemardi, Robert Cassels, Robert Mpldr James

Chambers, and Robert Blackborne, committed to Newgate

for the late horrid Conspiracy to aflaffujate his Majesty, was read a Second time.

Rejohed, That the Rill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion to the said Committee, That they be impowered to continue any other Persons aMo in Custody, w ho shall hereafter render themselves, or shall be apprehended, and whom there shall be Evidence, upon Oath, of their being concerued in the said horrid Conspiracy.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to prevent undue Marriages of Infants, and for better secure* ing the Guardianship of them, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Dut-

ton Colt, Mr. Mountague, Sir Marm. Wivctt, Sir

berts, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Max At, Mr. Harrison Mr Foley, Mr. Ayslaby, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

bagh, Mr. Manley, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hcveningharri, Sir Walt.

Yonge, Mr. Clark, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Trevillian,

Vo t.XII.

*9

Mr. Mafias, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Stonchauft* Mr. Podding* ton, Mr. Crawford, Mr, Blo/'eUd, Mr. King*, Mr. Jacob,.

Mr. White, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Neale, Mr. Qit>ynr Sir John Holies, Mr Baldwyn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stokes, Sit John Pkillipps, Mr. Fenabfes, Mr. Henley, Mr. Whitaker, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Hoare: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

' , t;

Ordered, Thatj die Report from the Committee of the Hamnwwd wrhole Hioafe, ta whom the Bill to prevent tho Cur- Couu reocy of hay hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom was-committed, be made upon Monday Meriting next*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for spencer's Sale of Part of the Estate oi Edteard and John Spencer, of kftate. Saughton in the County of Chester, Esquires, doceased, fear Payment of their Debts, Charged thereupon by them.

A Petition1 of the Elector's of the ancient Borough of-Aidborough Aidboroirgh in the C'oUrrty of York, was presented to the E e<a‘on‘ House, and read; Theftfing, That they lying under the Misfortune of being unadvisedly milled to trardgrefe the late Act of Parliament made for the better preventing Disorders and Abuses in Elections; and, to theirgreat Qripfs, incurring the Displeasure of this Honourable House;, of which they are so deeply sensible, tlrat they resolve never' tbfuffer any Irregularities in any future Eteftions for thcfr"

Borough, but strictly and faithfully to observe fp good and beneficial; a Law-: And praying to be received into1 the Favour of this Honourable House, by being allowec( to go to an Election, to fill up the prereqt Want of cL Merpher in their Borough.

Ordered, That Mr. Spca^ep do rfliie his Warrant to the'

Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the' electing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for1 the Bp rough of Aldborough, in the room of Sir Wentworth Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That the fdeft Committee, to whom the feve- A Committee ral States, Accounts, and Estimates, presented to the AdUm!"* House, are referred, have lq&vq to fit during the Adr meuu journment of the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Ordered, That a particular Account of the Charge of Navy the Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1685, ^nd the Estimate. Year i6g6, be laid before this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Men of War, upon Monday Morning next, of all the Men of War now &c' in being, and their respective Rates and Guns.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tupfday Morning Supply, next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House^ to consider further of the Supply to bp granted to hfe Majesty, for the Service of the Navy, for the Year

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 3* die Jaward,;

Nono Gulielmi Tertji.

Praters.

A PETITION of the T.eather-dreflm and Glo* Dirtfe, 00 vers, within the City and County of York, was Leather, preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That, fence a Duty has been laid upon Alum and Oiled-leather, the Petitioners have quite lost their Trade, the common Sort of People choosing rather to wear Cloth, Stuff, and Fustian, rather than Leather; by reason whereof, and the Severity of the Collectors, the Petitioners are reduced to great; Want; and praying, That the Duty upon Alum and Oiled-Leathier may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be

referred

20

3° Januarii. -^.1697.

referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, House.

Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is: referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; A Petition of the Glovers, Skinners, and others that Duties oa and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the taw and dress Leather within the Town of , and Le*ther-

House.: afterwards cut and work the feme into Wares, as well on

iM on A . Petition of the Leather-dressers and Glovers, of

.her. Bampton in the County of Oxon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since there has been a Duty laid upon Oiled and Alum-Leather, their Trade is so deereased, that they are forced to turn off their Journeymen; w ho now are necessitated to spin and card for a mean Livelihood, who, before the said Duty, maintained their Families very comfortably: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, of the City of Chester, is referred: Aud that they do examine the Matter thereof and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of the Leather-dressers, Skinners, Glovers, and Tanners, in behalf of themselves, and other poor Inhabitants of the Town of Monmouth in the County of Monmouth, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners now finding ^what they, by Petition, represented the last Session) the ill EtFefts of a Duty upon Leather, even to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Trades, and many poor Families, who have no other Way to get a Livelihood, but by Drefiing of Leather; they therefore pray, That the Duty upon Leather may be taken off

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of the Glovers, Tanners, Sadlers, and other the Traders in Leather, inhabiting in the Town of Ber-gaveney in the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the excessive Duty upon Leather, the Petitioners, who before lived very creditably, are now reduced to want Bread: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred:. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of the Glovers, living in the Towns of King-ton, Weobley, Pembridge, and the several Parishes thereunto adjoining, in the County of Herejord, was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That the Gloving Trade employed abundance of poor People formerly; but, since a Duty has been laid upon Alum-Leather, the Trade is much decayed, and the Master-Glovers are forced to turn off many of their Journey -folks for want \ of Money, through the Duluefs of Trade, to pay them their Wages, their Chapmen requiring longer Credit thun formerly; to that they are brought to great Extremity: And praying. That the Duty upon Alum-Leuther may be taken off

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;

behalf of themselves, as of others of the same Employments living in other adjacent Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a late Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, all Persons are required, who make Leather into Wares, to enter the same with the Officer, and the Value, upon Oath: That the Petitioners have duly made such Entries, and tendered the Duty, according to the Act; but the Officers refuse to take the feme, unless die Petitioners will make Oath, that they pay to the full Value of such Leather, threatening to prosecute for the Penalty, though the Petitioners swear the Value to the belt of their Knowledge, and cannot do otherwise, without Danger of Perjury, by reafim of the frequent Rising and Falling of the Price of Leather: And praying some speedy Relief in the Preuiifes.

Ordered, That the consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the-Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and (Rovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Master-Glovers of the Town of Rosse Ditto, in the County of Hereford, in behalf of themselves and their Journeymen and Women in the said Tow n, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since a Duty upon Alum-Leather, the Glovers Trade is much deereased, and almost ruined, especially the Wholefele Trade to London: and Chapmen will not buy without longer Credit than heretofore; so the Petitioners must put off their Work-folks, for want of Money to pay them;

'who, for want of Employment, will become a Charge to their respective Parishes, without speedy Relief: And praying, That the Duty upon Alum-Leather may be taken off

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Stewards, Fellmongers, Leather- j)Jtt(K dressers, and Glovers, in the ancient Corporation of Ruthin, in the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners do acquire but barely a Subsistence by their Trades; which, since a Duty upon Leather, is very much decayed, and the Petitioners thereby reduced to great Want: And praying Relief in the Preuiifes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of , is re-

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers, Army Debt* that served in, quartered, and clothed, the Army,' raised by an Act of Parliament in 1677, and diffianded by another Act in 1679, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners became Creditors, by virtue of the said Act of 1677; and the Supply given by the Act of 1670, fell short of [laying the Petitioners about 61,926/. Principal Money, liefides Interest: That the Petitioners have often petitioned this House fur Relief; who as often referred the same to Committees; who ltated

the

21

9 W. III. 3° — 4 Januarii.

the said Debt, and reported the same to the House; who thereupon resolvtd into a Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means to pay off the same; but the Ne-ceflities of the late War prevented tire Petitioners Relief: And praying, That their said just Parliamentary Debt may be io taken into Consideration, as that die tune may be satisfied.

Ordered \That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine and state the Debts due to the Innkeepers and Clothiers} and report the Same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Henry , Sir The

barts, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Yates, Mr. Colt,

tvetl, Mr. Arnold, Sir Herbe Crofts, Mr. Dolben, Major-General Earle, Mr. Shone, Serjeant IVogan, Dr. r-enden. Sir John Phillips, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr.

Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Blofeild Mr. Done, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Baldicyn, Sir Mann. Wivclt, Mr. Thompson, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Fuller, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Manley, Colonel Bi Mr. Brotherton, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. , Mr. Hoblyn,

Mr Molesworth, Mr. Jacob, Mr. Phillipp, Sir Day,

Sir Wm. Cooper: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of George Gentleman was pre-

' *tP‘ fented to the House, and read; Setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, to enable the Trustees of William Knott, and his Wife, to fell a Lense of Houses

in Bread-street, London, for Payment of Debts; and to Settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof: And the said William Knot being indebted to the Petitioner in 1301, by Judgment, he prays, That lie may not be prejudiced by the Palling of the lakl Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Irish Arrear*. A Petition of Archibald Laurimer, and Jacob Smith, in behalf of themselves, and others, the Soldiers under the Command of the late Colonel Bierley, and Colonel Hugh Wyndham, in the reducing of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, upon reading a Report to the House, upon the 30th of March last, from the Commissioners of Accounts, in relation to the Arrears due to the Petitioners; and the House having referred the said Report to the Paymasters lor Ireland; yet tike Petitioners have received no Benefit thereby: And praying, That the House will give such Directions therein, that the Petitioners may be satisfied what is due to them.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table: And that the Lord Conin and Mr. Far do give the House an Account of the Matter therein contained.

»are of Ordered, That Sir John Bucknall have Leave to go into Vbfence. the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Ocoa-fions.

Coumitfew. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Army A Petition of several Soldiers discharged out of Co-

irrears. fonel Rqfi's Regiment of Dragoons, now in the Spanish

Low Countries, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon their Discharge, their Horses were taken from them, which they brought into the Kings Service; and their Officers forced them to sign Accounts that were unjust, whereby they are deprived of the greatest Part of their Arrears: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

C"unter'*,&c. The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-(mjnifjn- Solved itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, upon ln*", the Bill for Continuing the Imprisonment of Counter,

John Bentanli, Robert Cassells, Robert Meldrum, James Vo L. XII.

Chambers, and Robert BUtckbortte, committed to Newgate for the late horrid Conspiracy to affaftinate his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Clark took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Clark reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Rich, from the Commissioners of the Ad- Navy miralty, presented to the House. a Copy of the ordinary Estimate. Estimate of the Navy, for the Year 1085: And also,

The ordinary Estimate for the Year 16<y: And also,

A Lift of the Royal Navy ol England, and of die Ships and Vessels belonging thereto, the 31th of December 1697, with their Rates and Number of Guns.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the said Estimates and Lift do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Alembers of the House.

Air. Harcourt, according to Order, reported, from the Hammered

Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to pre- Coin, vent the Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the llQule; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the coining old hammered Money at the Mints in the Country.

And the tame was twice read, with Blanks: And the Blanks were filled up; and other Amendments made to the Clause by the House.

And then the Question being put, That die Clause, So amended, be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}n8.

Tellers for the Noes,|f"ftifT"' j ' »8.

So it was refblved in the Affirmative.

Another Clause was offered to lie added to the Bill, for all Persons to receive the new Aloney by Weight, and to cut such as they suspect to be naught:

And the same was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Anot'ier Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for making new Exchequer- Bills where the old ones are filled . up by Indorsembnts:

And the ferae w as tw ice read; and agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bein-grofled.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 4° die Jan;

Nono Gulieltni Tertii.

Prayers.

/~\ R D E R F D, That the Committee to u liom the fe- y>ut on veral Petitions touching the Duties laid upon Leather Leather, are referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Tanners and Skinners within the Ditto, ancient Borough of Knaresboroagh, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the house, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of a Clause in (he

G Act

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

22 40 Januarii. 1697.

A ft for laying a Duty upon Leather, which obliges the Petitioners to fell their Commodities at Fairs and Markets only, first entering the fame, and the real Value, with the proper Officer, the Petitioners are mightily restrained in their Trades; for that they chiefly deal with poor Country-People for small Pieces at Home, who cannot come to the Markets: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in to give Liberty to all Persons to make use of such Leather as shall be registred with the Officer, and the Duty secured by the Petitioners, without incurring the Penalty of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of Glovers incorporated, in the City of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, fmee a Duty hath been laid upon Oiled and Alum-Leather, the Glovers Trade is much decreased; and many poor People, who used to be thereby employed, are now brought to great Want; and must be kept by their Parishes, if not speedily relieved by taking off the said Duty: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Lea-ther-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, and Dressers of Leather, within the West-Riding of the County of was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a late Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, the same is required to be brought to fotne publick Market or Fair, to be sold, and not thence removed without the Licence of an Officer; which is found very inconvenient to the Petitioners Trades: That they cannot have Leave to fell their Goods by Retail, as usually, to their Customers: And praying, an Alteration may be made of the said Act, for the Petitioners Ease; they in no-wile desiring to evade the said Duty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Leather-dressers and Glovers, within the Corporation of Newberry in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Duty laid upon Alum and Oiled-Leather, the Petitioners Trades are much decayed; and many People, who maintained their Families thereby, are become great Objects of Charity, for want of Work; and, if the said Duty be continued, will fall to their respective Parishes: And praying. That the Duty upon Oiled and Alum-Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Cordwainers of the Town of Monmouth in the County of Monmouth, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by their Petition the last Session, they did represent the ill Consequences that a Duty upon Leather would bring upon the Petitioners; which by fatal

25

Experience they find too true, even to the Ruin of their Trades and Families: And praying, That the Duty upon Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the ftftne, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mailers of Ships, and others, of the Arrears of Town of Poole, concerned in the Transport-Service, for the Year 1693, was presented to the House, and read; ervice‘ setting forth, That the Commissioners for Transports hired several Ships of the Petitioners for his Majesty's Service; and were to have had a«2VIonth's Pay in Hand, and be cleared within a Month after they were discharged: That there is due to the Petitioners about 2,000l.: and they much w'ant their Money: And praying the House to take care for their speedy Payment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the several States,

Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, are referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Baker's for vesting in Sydenham Baker Gentleman an absolute Estate.

Estate of Inheritance in Fee Ample, in a certain Rent,

Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon; and securing to John Baker Gentleman, and Henry Baker an Infant, his Son, Monies, in lieu of their Claims thereunto; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Clark, Mr. Hooper, Mr Mr. Foley, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

Pocklington, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Wa Drake, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Blake, Mr. White, Sir Walter Yonge, Sir Richard Onslozv, Mr. Taylcr, Mr.

Hedger, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Slater, Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Northmore, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mr.

Arnold, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Fleming, Mr.

Munfon, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Drake; and all the Alembers that serve for the Counties of Devon, So-merfetand Dorset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Reynolds Calthorpe Esquire was presented Hiudo* to the House, and read; setting forth, That, a Writ being Election, directed to the Bailiff of Hindon, Com. Wilts, to chule a Parliament-man for that Place, one Sir James How pretended to Hand, and spent a great deal of Money in Treats; but, at the time of the Election, set up Colonel Lee, whom the said Bailiff hath returned though the Petitioner had the Majority of Legal Votes: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Perry, according to Order, presented to the House Assize of a Bill to regulate and ascertain the Assize of Bread: And Bread, the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Air. Norris acquainted the House, That the Committee, Committee to whom the States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented on Accounts to the House, were referred, had considered several of and Eft*mate* the Matters to them referred; and directed him to report the fame, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Air. Clark, according to Order, reported, from the Com- Counter'ifcc. mittee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for continuing ImPnfon* the Imprisonment of # Counter, John Robert ment‘

Cafe Is, Robert Meldrum, James Chambers, and Robert

Blackborne,

9

9 W. III. 40 Jamarii. 23

Elackbome, committed to for the late horrid

Conspiracy to afiaffinate his Majesty. was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivefed in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingossed.

Hammered An ingossed Bill to prevent the Currency of any <"oin' hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom was read the

Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Prels 2. L. 24, by adding, " Tower of , or in the."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to prevent the further Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and for recoining such as is now in being; and for the making out new Exchequer- Bills, where the former Bills are, or shall be, filled up by Indorsements.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

he had a Book, and some Accounts, at his Chamber, relating to the Matters mentioned in his Information;

Ordered, That Mr. Marryott do go, with a Messenger belonging to the Serjeant, to fetch his said Book, and Papers of Account: And that the Messenger do not suffer any Person to speak with him, or deliver any Letters to him.

Ordered, That the Examinations, taken before the Lords of the Treasury, relating to the irregular indorse-ment of the Exchequer- Bills, be laid before this House.

The Serjeant at Arms acquainting the House, That Mr. John Knight would be here presently; and that Mr. Crawford attended; but that Mr. Burton, and Mr. IVII-liam Knight, are not to be found;

Ordered, That Air. Bartholomew Burton be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to anl'wer the Information given against him by Air. Marryott.

Ordered, That Air. William Knight be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer the Information given against him.

Then Mr. Cranford was called iq; and examined touching the Aiatters mentioned in Air. s Information.

And then withdrew.

Air. John Knight attending in his Place;

Ordered, That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they being brought in accordingly;

Clipping the Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better preventing the clipping and other diminishing the Coin of this Kingdom: And that Air. Clark do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the several Tanners inhabiting in the Borough of Shafton was presented to the House: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow

Alorning.

The House being informed, That Air. Reginald Mar-ryot had sent to several Alembers of this House Letters, acknowledging, That he had been concerned in the irregular Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills; and therein offered fully to relate how that notorious Practice hath been projected, and carried on; and in what manner he had been drawn into the fame;

Ordered, That the said Air. Reginald Marryott be summoned to attend this House immediately.

' And the said Air. Marryott attending accordingly;

He was brought in by the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to the Bar: Where he delivered an Account of his Knowledge of that Alatter, in Writing, signed by himself: Which he read at the Bar; and afterwards delivered in to the House.

And then withdrew.

There being named in the said Information John Knight Esquire, a Member of this House, Mr. Bartholomew Burton, Mr. William Knight, and Crawford Esquire;

And the said Air. John Knight not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Air. John Knight do attend this House, in his Place, immediately.

Ordered, That Air. Bartholomew Burton, and Air. William Knight, be summoned to attend this House ynmediately.

Ordered, That Air. Patrick Crauford be summoned to attend this House immediately.

Air. Marryott w as several times called in; and examined touching the Aiatters in his Information mentioned.

And afterwards withdrew.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do take care, That no Person do converse with, or bring any Letters to, the said Air. Marryott, till further Order of this House.

Air. Marryott was afterwards called in again; and again examined: Wherein he acquainting the House, That Vol. XII.

Duties ora Leather.

False iodorf-ing Exchequer Bills.

The Information given by Mr. Ma/Tyott was read; and is as followeth; vis.

I Reginald Marriott, being at the Treasury that Day the King gave Air. Burton Air. s Place of

Treasurer of the Excise, and Air. John Knight seeing me there, he walked with me into the Privy-Garden, and told me, That now the King had made Air. Burton Treasurer of the Excise, I should come into the Exchequer; and bid me not go aw ay, for Air. Burton would be there presently: And in a little time after I saw> them both together in the Clerk's Room at the Treasury; and Mr. Knight beckoned me to him, and said, He had f[>oke to Air. Burton about my coming into the Exchequer, and that he was willing it should be so; and Air. Burton said, Yes, with all my Heart: I told them, I was very much obliged to them, and that I would endeavour to discharge the Duty of the Place faithfully and diligently; and they both answered. They were very well satisfied as to that Alatter.

Air. Knight, Mr. Burton, and myself, being together several times afterwards; Air. Burton always, before we parted, would mention something about the Place; as, That he would speak to Air. Howard about my coming into the Office; and that he would go with me to him; or that he was making up his Accounts, and clearing all Demands upon the Office, or to that effect. Air. Knight . did often tell me, It would not be long before I was settled; for that Air. Burton had promised him to speak to Air. Howard; and that Air. Burton told him, That he was settling his Accounts, in order to leave the Office.

On the 31 ft of May last, we Three being together at the Swan Tavern against SMr. Burton asked me, If 1 would come to him at the Office the next Morning ? I told him I would: And accordingly I did go to Air. Burton; who, being in his Seat, said. Well, Mr. Marryott, if you will now settle to the Business, Mr. Bolt will shew you the Method of it, there is no great Difficulty in it; but III come and visit you; and then he went from the Side of his Delk, where he was talking to me: And from that time forward I went every Day to the Office, about Nine in the Alorning, and helped to dispatch the Business: And Air. Burton did sometimes come every Day, sometimes every other Day, and feme* times not in Two or Three Days: And, when he did come, he usually enquired. What Money had been paid in, or directed; and gave Directions for the Payment of the Office-Money, for his own private Occasions,

a4 4° Januarii. A- 1697.

False Indors- gave me Bills in lieu thereof; and aHb about paying tedious, that it hindered me front dispatching other Bu-

ingExche- Money into the Trustees Office, and other casual Mat- finds of the Office; he said, Let Mr. Bolt help you;

quer Bill*, ters: And Mr. Knight did oftentimes come with him, and Mr. aiked hkn, If he should put his own Name

and would a(k me, Whether I had mademyself Matter to them? And Mr. Burton said, No; put Mr. Marryott's of the Buttness of the Office, or to that effefit Name to them: And Mr. Bolt did put my Name to- all

About a Month after 1 had been in the Office, Mr. the Tickets he signed.

Burton prayed me to come to him into the Million Lot- Matter of Fa6t relating to Mr. John Knight. tery-Office in the Exchequer; and, it being in the Af- About the Beginning of August last, he desired my ternotm, I found him therewith a considerable Parcel of Company at Dinner, at his A partment in SomersetHouJe:

Exchequer- Bills lying by him, and about Four Bills before After Dinner, he aiked me to ihdorfe for him a Parcel

him which were indorsed, "paid for Customs," with dif- of Exchequer- Bills, to the Value of "about 1,800l. as I

ferent Names, to the best of my Remembrance; which had done those for Mr. Burton; and then Mr. pro-

Fdur Bills he told me he had indorsed; and I do verily duced the said Bills: I aiked him, If he had acquainted believe it, for the Indorsements were not dry when I look- Mr. Burton with it ? He said, He had; and that Burton ed upon them: And he gave me that Parcel that lav by told him. That what Bills I had done for him, the said him, and told me, He would have me indorse that Par- Burton, were put at the Bottom of the Chest: At the cel of Bills, and put any Person's Name to them* as lie same time I told Knight, I was fearful it would be dif-had done to those Four Bills; and that when I had lo in- covered; and desired hitn to consider of it; and his dorsed them, to put them at the bottom of the Chest, Brother being present, desired him to take care

in the Inner Office, among the Custom-house Bills; At what he was going to do: I told them both I was going the same time he bid me do my own Bills, for my own into the Country that Afternoon; and I would have them Subscription, the same Way; and told me, I mutt do consider of it; and I should be in Town again the next such Things as those sometimes; and that he would have Morning, and at the Office by Nine a Clock: Whereupon me take out of the Parcel of Bills that were to come from John Knight said, He would come to me there: Which the Custom-House the next Morning, lo many of them he did: and said, He would go down into the Trustees as came to the Sum of that Parcel abovesaid; and bid Office, and discourse Mr. about it; and desired

me add them to the Office-Calli, and be accountable to me to come to him there: Which I did, and found him, him for the Money; which, to the best of my Remem- and Mr. Hern, drinking Tea: And Mr. Knight having brance was about 2,000 I. which I shortly after paid away before him one of the Weekly Certificates that Mr. Herne for his Use: And several times afterwards he spoke to made, for the Trustees, from the Certificates that the said me to pay divers Sums into the Trustees Office, out of Mr. Herne received from the Four Tellers, certifying what such Money as was in my Custody belonging to the Tel- Exchequer- Bills they weekly received, and paid away; leys Office, for several Persons, as by the Books in the Mr. Knight, in my Presence, taking the said Certificate Trustees Office will appear; and to take out the Ex- in his Hand, laid to Mr. If thele Tellers should play chequer- Bills, from the Trustees-Office, that belonged any Tricks with the Bills in their Offices, How are you to the respective Persons; and to make the said Bills able to dete6t them ? Mr. Heme said, It was impossible, Specie Bills, by indorsing them, as I had done several unless he fat by each of them while they did their Duty: former Parcels for him the said Burton; and to pay them And, when Mr. Knight and I came away together, he away to any Person, u'hose Orders became due; and by said, Now, Marryott, you hear what Mr. fays,

that Means the Office-Money would be made good That he cannot find it out: Therefore, prythee, do them again. for me: I told him, That in the Evening I would come

I was the more easily prevailed upon by the said Burton to him and take the Bills, and do them for him: Which to comply with him in the Malters aforesaid, being accordingly I did, and paid them away, and accounted brought into the Office by him, to whom I then acted to him for the w hole Money.

as an Assistanl; for his Delk was in the Office, and he About the 23d of August last, he desired me to dinfe

had frequent Recourse to it, and kept the Key of it, and with him again: And after Dinner I went up-stairs with took an Account from me of every thing that was done him, where he gave me one Parcel of Bills, signed by in the Office; and I accounted to him for the Profits of Arthur Shallett, but not indorsed, as paid for Customs, the Office, as will appear by an Account stated by the there being a blank space left to put in that Indorsement, Four Tellels, from the 14th of May 1697, to the 6th of which he desired me to inddrfe; and several other Parcels, August last past: And, by that Account, Mr. Howard's to the Value of near 5,000 /.; and bid me pay them away Fees came to 804/. 6a 5 d.and the Clerks to32 5/. 4 s.for him, and he would direCfc me hOw I should dispose of

Which laid Sum of 325/. 4$. gd. was placed to Mr. the Money; viz. Part of it to be paid into the Trustees Burtons Account: And Part of that Sum being received Office; namely, 2,0001, for Sir; 1,0001, for

in Malt-TiCkets, Mr., Burton took them away before the Mr 500l. for John Smith Esquire; and 250/.

Lottery was drawn, to make Advantage of the Benefits, for Sir John Austen: And for the Remainder I was to if there happened to be any, as I really believe: And I be accountable to Mr. Knight.

was likewise unw illing to disoblige the said Mr. Burton, Hereafter follows a Diary of such material Circum-

becausehehad not been at Mr. Howard's with me, ac- fiances as occurred, since the time of the Discovery

Cording to his Promile; neither was I sworn into the of the aforesaid Indorsements.

Office; but Mr- Burton gave me great Reason to believe September 17th, Mr- Knight lent for me to his House;

I should have the Office in my own Right; as by the and Mr. Burton W as there; and both of them desired me following Instance will appear. to tell them the whole Matter about this fdrged Bill, that

About Three Weeks after I had bceh in the Office, made such a Noise; and I told them to the following Ef-there was, by Order of the Lords of the Treasury, Malt- fest; That one Robert Marryott, a Taylor, With whom Lottery-Tickets to the Value of 600,000l. brought into I had been acquainted many Years, came to me on the Mr. Howard's Office, and there charged; and the like ?th September, and told me, That a Lodger of his had Quantity into Mr. Carcw's Office, where Mr. Feme is desired him to get him an Exchequer- Bill of 100l.; which Chief Clerk, and there charged; and at the same time he had procured; but Robert Marriott not getting it lb an Order from the Lords, That whenever those Tickets soon as the Gentleman desired it, he had provided one were delivered out, they should be signed by the Tellers, for himself; lo that the said Robert Marriott's Bill lay or their Chief Clerks: And, w hen they were charged, 1 upon his Hands, and he knew not how to dispose of it; told Mr. Burton of it, and aiked him, \V ho should sign and therefore desired me to do him the Favour to get him them ? He laid, Pray do yod sign them, in your own Money for it; which I refilled to do: But he importurr-Name; for I will have nothing to do With the Office: ing me very much, and his Wife having been very fer-And about Two Days afterwards, he being in the Oflice, Viceablfe to my Family upon many Occasions, I bid liktx I Was telling him, That the signing those Bills was lo very come to me at the Office, about Ten a Clock the

next

9 W. HI- 4° J,anuarii. *§

pex,t Morning, and I would try what I corn *> for him: meet together Tomorrow; that they had spote to False indors-And he did come to me, and brought the Bj| i‘ th him; their Friends to be there; ana did believe they should be| and I took it of him, and indorsed it ap it. now is, and able to out-vote those Gentlemen that were, so very ma- " directed him down, to the Trustees Office, where he re- licious; and that they would have me be at the Trustees ceived the Money for it: And I did likewise acquaint Office the next Morning, and I should be called in, and thenv That, upon the nth of September, Mr. Taylor, a should confess the whole Fast; and then they did hope,

Clerk to the Trustees, brought the said 100 L Bill to me by their Friends Interest, and their own, to put a Stop to at the Office, and said, That there was a Bill of i oo I. any further Examination.

with my Hand to it, which was a forged Bill; and did 2ist, I did attend the Trustees; and Sir Joseph Hem desire' to know of whom I had the Bill; and I did very being in the Chair, he examined me, and I gave theqn imprudently say to Mr. Taylor, I did not know whether the same Account of the 100 /. Bill as I gave Mr. it was my Hand, or no, my Hand might be counter- Knight and Burton upon the 17th: And, about an Hour feited, for ought I knew; and that I did not l'eem to own afterwards, the Lords of the Treasury lent for me, and it: And Mr. Burton said, It was a very unlucky Accident, examined about the same Bill; to whom I repeated for he had dined with Sic Henry Furnace and Mr. Bate- what I had before said to the Trustees: And, within man that Day, and they were very hot upon it; And Two Hours afterwards, I was taken into the Custody of Mr. Knight said, by way of Question, Was Furnace so aMeflenger; and Two Days afterwards committed tq angry ? Kir. Burton answered, Yes; but that Bateman Newgate.

was the worst; for that he had got a State of the whole 28th, Mr. Knight came to me, and told me, That Transafition from Taylor \ and Burton said, He could do Mr. Hem had informed the Lords of the Treasury, well enough with Furnace, for he had lately changed him That he had looked over all the Bills he had in his Cuf- Bills to 1,000l. Value: I believe he meant the Bill for tody, being upwards of 70,000l.; and did not find any the 1,000/ which I paid in to the Trustees for Sir Henry Indorsement like that which I had made upon that forged Furnace, the t Day of September last, by Mr. Burtons Bill; but Mr. Knight said, He believed they would en-Direction: I asked them what I should do in this matter; deavour to find out all that had been done; and I told for I was much concerned such an Accident should hap- him, I was of his Opinion.

fen; and that I would govern myself according to their 30th, Mr. Knight being with me, I told him I had,

)ire€lions; and their Advice was, to confess the Fa6t to locked up in my Drawer, in the Office, Exchequer Mr. Taylor, and endeavour to get the Bill from him, and Bills to the Value of 500l. belonging to Ben. Levy,

?ay him for it, and that would put a Stop to any further and in another Drawer there was above 1,000 /. in nquiry; and that they would tell Mr. Bateman and Sir Exchequer- Bills, indorsed, belonging to Mr. Burton: And Harry, how the Matter was, and pacify them. Mr. Knight told me, That Burton had given Ben. Levy's

September 18th, I went to Mr. Taylor, and told him, I Bills to him, and had taken the other into his own Cuf-was sorry I had denied my Hand; and then gave him the tody: I then told him, That Burton must have then before-mentioned Account, and told him, That for his broke open my Drawer and Delk; for I had the Keys in Charge and Trouble he had taken in tracing out this my Pocket: And he told me. He believed Mr. Burton Matter, I would make him a Gentleman-like Present; had done lb; for that Burton said to him, He found my and that I would take care he should be bo Loser by the Accounts, and the Money in the Calli-room right: I Bill, for I would pay him the 100l.: And then asked him, desired Mr. Knight to speak to Burton, to lend me my If he would let me have the Bill? He said he would, if Books, Papers, and Accounts, that were in my Drawer,

Mr. Knight or Burton gave him Direction: I desired and the Delk; for among them were all my Calling him not to mention any thing I laid to him, till he had Papers, and Memorandum Papers, of every thing I had heard from me again; for Mr. Burton and Knight done; and that I thought it unkind in Mr. Burton to would speak with Sir Harry and Bateman, and that would break the Locks, and take away my Papers and Books, end the Matter. And I went from him to Mr. Burton, and not to fend them to pie.

and told him what Taylor said; and he bid me find out In a short tjmc after, Mr. Knight came to me again,

Knight, and desire him to go to Bateman; for be could and told me, That Air. Burton would lend me all my best prevail with him, because Mr. Bateman was con- Things; and that he said my Drawer was open, which I earned with him in remitting of Monies: And I went to am sure was not till it was broke open; and that the Mr. Knight, who promised me to speak to Bateman. Trustees, wpre mighty busy in finding out what Bills had On the same Day, I did afterwards desire Taylor to let been indorsed by me; and that, upon the fepond Payment jnae have a Copy of the Paper be gave Bateman; which of the Subscription, there were abundance of them paid he promised me; but I had it not: He then told me, in to the Trustees; and that Taylor kept them together:

That since I had been with him in the Morning, Mr- And Mr* Knight said, That Mr. Burton was fearful I Abbot had asked him for the Bill, mid had put it into his would discover; but that he, the said Knight, did tell him,

Pocket. From him I went to Mr. Burton, and told him. He believed, I never would: And Mr. Knight said to me.

Abbot had got the Bill: He bid me go and find him opt, I dare say, Marriott, you will never confefe what yon

and tell him the whole Thing; for that he believed, Act- have done for us; and I did then allure him, I would

hot was gone to Mr. Momtagues, the Chancellor of the not; and Mr. Knight said, That Mr. Burton told him.

Exchequer, with the said 100l. BUI. Whereupon I en- He would give me the Reversion of an Annuity of 500l. deavoured to find out Mr. Abbot; but could not meet per Ann. after the Death of Mrs. Pelham; and > with him; for, it being Saturday Afternoon, his Servants said to Mr. Knight, That Mr. Burton had newly pur-tboqght he was gone to Chelsea. chafed it in Sir fVtn. Scaicens Name. Then Mr.

20th, It being Mr. Burton's Waiting-Week, I went Knight told pie, That Mr. Jfurtan would meet me that to him at the Trustees Office, and told him I could pot Evening, at the King's-Arms Tavern, at Somerset-Hqufe find Mr. Abbot on Saturday Night; and be laid, I'll fee Water Gate; and that he would go thither; and desired for Mr. Herne: And he and I going together into the me to come about a Quarter of an Hour afterwards; Commissioners Room, Mr. Hem came to us; and Mr. and I did go, and met them both there: Mr. Burton Burton laid, Mr. Marriott has done a foolish thing; excused his not lending my Papers; and said, He found

Whatcaa wp do for him; and then told Mr. Hern the my Drawer open, <§r.; and that he was much troubled,

whole Circmnftance; and he said, All the Commissioners that the Trustees should be so very intent upon finding were <o mePt about it Tormorrow, and my belt way out what Bills were indorsed; but hoped, That 1 would would be to acquaint them with the whole Matter; for not confess any thing to their Prejudice; for I should be same of them were very angry; so desiring Mr- Hernto no Loser thereby; and told me, lie would give me that be my Friend, I left him and Burton together. Annuity of 500l. per Ann. that was in Sir

That Mr- Burton and Knight sent for me to Name.

Abe Swan Tavern, and told me, The Trustees were all to

4° Januarii. A. 1697*

Talk indorsing Exchequer Bills.

The next Day he lent me my Books and Accounts; but never sent me any of my Memorandum Papers, or Casting Papers.

October 7th, Mr. Knight and Burton came to me in a Coach about Twelve a Clock; and Mr. Knight told me, That the Trustees had found out several Bills that I had indorsed for him; and that now all the Trustees were very angry; and that he, the said Knight, was very speedily to give his Answer to them, How thdfe_Indorsements came to be put upon the Bills; for they, having fearclied the Books at the Custom-house, had found those Bills had not been paid in for Customs; and desired me to meet them that Evening, at Eight a Clock, at the Horn and HorseshoeTavern, in Chancery-Lane. And after

.they left me, I sent to a Counsellor, my Relation; and told him, how I had been employed by Mr. Burton and Knight, and what I had done for them: He asked me, How I could make it out, that I had done those Things by their Directions ? I then shewed him a small Book; wherein I had entered some Account of what I had done; and he said, That was Proof enough: But he told me, I had done a very unadvised Thing; and checked me that I did not consult with him, before I ventured to do it:

I asked him, What could be the Consequence of it ? He answered, That I was undone; for I might be indicted for every lingle Bill, and fined at the Discretion of the Judges; and that the Parliament might make an Act to attaint us all: All which made fogreat an Impression upon me, that I was resolved to leave the Kingdom immediately, after I had met Mr. Knight and Burton, and acquainted them with this Gentleman's Opinion. And at Eight a Clock I went to the Tavern, where I found Mr. Burton; and immediately after came Mr. Knight; and they asked me, What they should do about those Bills ? I answered, I knew not how to advise them; but I believe the doing of those Bills had undone me: They laid, They hoped not; for, if I would not conless any thing of them, they would give me, bclides that Annuity of 500 /. per a Place worth 500 /. per Annum in the Exchequer; which was, the receiving and paying the Money for the Million-Lottery Tickets; and that, notwithstanding it was in Mr. Knight's Name, yet that they were equally concerned in it; and that Place might be officiated by a Deputy, if I was made incapable of executing it myself: I replied, That the Apprehension of the Danger I had brought myself into, by indorsing those Bills, had almoll distracted me: And then I told them, What the Counsellor said to me; and Mr. Burton laid. We are all undone: But Mr. Knight said, I cannot think there will be any thing of this Nature done; or that the Parliament will ever meddle with it: But I told them, I would not run the Venture of it; fori was resolved to go over into Holland, and from thence to France: This Resolution they were very much surprised at} but told me, If I would go, they would take care to supply me with Money, where-ever I went; and that I should direct my Letters for Patrick Cranford, Esquire, at his Chambers in s-Inn; a

Gentleman I was acquainted withal, by being with him often in Mr. Burton's and Knight's Company: And having parted from them, with a Resolution to go, the next Morning very early, being mighty fearful of another Commitment, I ordered my Horses to be saddled by Three in the Morning, and every thing ready for my Journey to Harwich; but, being taken lb very ill in the Night, that I was not able to fit my Horse, I altered my Mind.

8th, I sent to Mr. Crawford', told him my Resolution, and how I was prevented; and desired him to acquaint Mr. Burton and Knight with it; which he promised to do, and that he would fee me again in a little time: And, when he came to me again, he told me, That Mr. Knight and Burton would meet me at his Chambers that Evening. We all met, and desired him to consult the Acts of Parliament, relating to the Exchequer- Bills, and to abbreviate them, and to state the Matter of Fa&.

qth, And we met at his Chamber again the next Night, on the same Subject; and were all very melancholy: Amongst other Discourse, we were talking of fending into Flanders to some Person of Interest, that was about his Majesty, to get me a Pardon; and Mr. Knight, and Burton, and I, came away together: Mr. Knight said, He would go to Sir Step. For, and consult him about it: And Mr. Burton said, He would do the like with Mr. Mouniague. And, about an Hour afterwards, Mr. Crawford came to my House, and told me, That my Friends were of Opinion, that the King would do nothing in it, till he came over; and that it would be a more secure way for me to go out of the Kingdom, till the Storm was over: I told him, That I was not in a State of Health to do it; and, besides, it was an odious thing to leave my Country, and my Bail; and that 1 was once of the Opinion to doit; but now I would not; for I had not, upon my own Account, done any thing to make me run my Country; and that, if I should do so, all the World would say, That all the Bills I had indorsed, was for a private Advantage to myself; but, I could safely say, I never had the Value of one Farthing, for all the Bills I had so indorsed: Mr. Crawford said, That if leaving my Bail had been the only thing that made me uneasy, Money would be deposited to secure my Bail: I asked him, If he would advise me to leave my Country ? He replied, No, indeed, Mr. Marriott, 'tis not my Advice for you to leave your Country; for I never will advise any Man to do it; I fee you are mightily disturbed; so I'll take my Leave of you.

loth, I went to Mr. Knight, and told him, I was very sorry to fee him and Mr. Burton so much dejected last Night; but was come lo allure them of my Faithfulness and Service to them, about indorsing those Exchequer- Bills; and that I was resolved to take the whole Matter upon myself, provided they were concerned in the Indorsement of no more Bills than those I had done for them: Mr. Knight allured me, That he was not concerned in any other Bills, or with any other Person; and he did believe the same of M r Burton: Whereupon I told Mr. Knight, That I had thought of the following Expedient; and would put it in Practice, in case they approved of it; namely, That I would wait upon the Lords of the Treasury, and acquaint them as follows; vis.

That, in regard of Mr. Knight's and Burton's Kindness to me, in placing me in that Office of Mr. Howard's, I freely offered them, That I w ould make use of my Interest with several Receivers of Taxes, to engage them to exchange me about 20,000l. in Exchequer Bills; which, at that time, 1 made do doubt to have got done, so confidently did I rely upon the Interest which I thought I had with the Receivers; being, for several Years, concerned as Auditor for 19 Counties; and therefore 1 promised to exchange Mr. Knight's and Burtons Bills, and their Friends, to such a Value: And furthermore, That I would inform their Lordships, That all that 1 had done for the said Gentlemen, did not exceed that Sum; and that I did receive several Parcels of Exchequer- Bills from Mr. Knight and Burton; and did tell them, I had disposed of the said Bills to Receivers, to be funk; but that, my Interest not being sufficient to do so many of them that way, I did, unknown to the said Burton and Knight, think of this unadvised way of doing the m.

This was the Effect of the Declaration that I proposed to Mr. Knight, as a proper Expedient to keep him and Mr. Burton secure and free from any Suspicion: From which Proposal, Mr. Knight did receive a great deal of Satisfaction; and withal told me, He very well approved of whad I had proposed; and did believe Mr. Burton would do the fame; and that he would go to Mr. Burton's House that Night, and acquaint him with it, if Mr. Burton did not come to him: And also told me, That I should hear from him the next Morning.

11 th, Mr. Knight" came to me about Twelve a Clock,

and

9 W. III. 4° Januariu 27

and told me, He left Mr. Burton at the Upper end of the Street; and that all things would be very well; for Mr. Burton had been with Mr. Mountague, and Mr. Knight, with Sir Step. Fox and Mr. Smith; and at Night I should know the Result: And Mr. Knight desired me to meet him and Mr. Burton at the French Ordinary, near the Excise-Office in Broad-street, at Six a Clock. I went thither at the Time appointed: Mr. Burton told me, He was with Mr. Mountague at Seven that Morning; and told him, That I desired to wait upon him, and to make a Confession, of the Nature of that above-mentioned, of all the Bills I had indorsed irregularly; and also told Mr. Mountague, That he did believe, what I had done did chiefly consist of Folly, and not Advantage; and desired him to use his Interest at the Board, that I might not be committed again, it being a Fault of the same Nature of the former 100l. Bill; but that, if the Board thought it reasonable to augment my Security, I would readily do it: And Mr. Knight told me, He had been with Sir Step. Fox and Mr. Smith, and had spoke with them to the like Effect: And they both allured me, I might depend upon Mr. Mountague,... Step. Fox, and Mr. Smith's Favour; and that I should not be committed again.

lath, I then attended the Lords of the Treasury, and acquainted them with the before-mentioned Account, Word for Word, as near as I can remember; and did likewise inform their Lordships, That I had so irregularly indorsed several Bills, to the Value of 15,000l.; and funk by Receivers 5,000l.; and that 6,000l. of the said 15,000l. was for Mr. Burton, and about 7,000l. for Mr. Knight, and about 2,000 /. for myself; and that it was without the Privity of Mr. Burton or Knight, that I had done them that irregular Way.

And I do confess, That I had indorsed Bills to the Value of above 13,000 /. for Mr. Burton, as by the Particulars will appear: But Mr. Burton told me, That I need not confess above 6,000 /.; for that he had taken out of the Chest, and got up from other Places, as many of the Bills which 1 had indorsed as came to above 7,000 /.

And, on the same 12th of October, about Eleven at Night, Mr. Knight came to me, and shewed me the Paper that the Trustees had drawn up against him; which he had promised to answer on the 14th of the same Month: And he then shewed me several of the Bills which the Trustees had left with him, being one out of each Parcel, which they suspected to be irregularly indorsed; and he was to satisfy them. Who indorsed those Bills: And, as he shewed me the Bills, he said, This, and This, I believe, is your Indorsing; but this is my poor Brother Will's Indorsing, and here is the Account of the whole Parcel which he has indorsed, and it amounts to about 500 /; and I must intreat thee, Marriot, to own the Indorseuients on these Bills among the rest. Tomorrow, before the Lords, if they fend for you; for I am ordered to attend them: To which I replied, That I did not know what to say to that Matter: But be answered thus, I believe there will be no particular Inspection; They will all pass together: And he asked me, If he might rely upon me ? And I said, I thought he might, or to that Effect.

13th, I being font for before the Lords, the Trustees shewed me the Indorsements on several Bills, and asked me, If they were my Hand-writing ? and particularly some ofthofe Mr. Knight said his Brother indorsed; and I did, before the Lords, unadvisedly acknowlege all of them to be indorsed by me, but not without great Reluctance, being very uneasy to take another Man's Fa6t upon myself; at which I am very sensibly concerned.

And I do confess, The Lords did put me to write such an Hand as JV. Knight wrote on the Bills; which I tried to do, but could very little resemble it.

14th , John Knight, IV. Knigand I, w ere ordered to attend the Lords again: And IV. Knight came to my House in the Morning, hefore he went to the Lords, and desired me, in same the Lords should ask me, What Quantity of Bills I had indorsed in that Hand ? that I would confess the Sum of 1,500 /. or thereabouts: And -while he and I were attending at the Treasury, he in* Vol. XII.

treated me to own, that I had indorsed Bills in that Hand False indors-to the Sum of 3,000 /. in* Exche-

15th, Late in the Evening I had Notice font me, 1uer B'^8' There was an Indictment found against me at the Old Badly, upon the 100l. Bill I indorsed for the Taylor:

And the next Morning I went out of Town, to prevent my being forced to the Sessions to plead, and be tried presently.

18th, I came to Town again, and went to the Recorder of London, with Two able Citizens; and we entered into a Recognizance of 1,500l. to appear and plead to the Indictment, next Sessions: And that Night I met Mr.

Knight, at Mr. Crawford's Chamber; and Mr. Knight would have had me absconded for awhile, till the Trustees Fury was over: I told him, I could not consent to abscond myself; for then I should be put into a Proclamation, and all my Friends would think I had done some very ill thing, and was run away.

20, I was taken out of my Bed, very early in the Morning, by Messengers and Constables; and, about Twelve a Clock, I was had before the Lords of the Treasury, in Custody of Two Messengers: And the Lords werepleased to ask me, If I would make any further Confession? which I refused to do; and was the same Night committed to Newgate, by Mr. Ellis's Warrant, for forging Indorsements upon Bills of Credit, to the Sum of 20,000 /, and upwards, when my Confession to the Lords was but 15,000l.

I remained in Custody Eleven Days; and wras then bailed at the King's-Bench Bar, where Four Sureties, and myself, entered into a Recognizance of 6,000 /. to appear the next Sessions at the Old Badly; though my Counsel moved the Judges, That I might appear at the King's-Bench-Bar; but it was not allowed.

January the 4th, 169T Reginald Marriott

And Mr. Knight was heard thereupon.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That there being Information given to this House against John Knight Esquire, a Member thereof, in relation to the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills; to which he not having given a Satisfactory Answer to this House; the said Mr. John Knight be committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Tower of London, during the Pleasure of this House: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Chief Governor of the Tower do take care, that no Person be admitted to discours'e with, or bring any Letters to, the said Mr. Knight without Order of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Knight have a Copy of the said Information: And that he do give in his Answer thereunto, in Writing, upon Friday Morning next.

The House being acquainted, That Mr. Marriott was returned;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, delivered to the House a Book and Account.

The Titles whereof were read.

A Motion being made, that the House will order,

That all Prosecutions at Law against the said Mr. Mar-ryott be staid, during the Pleasure of the House;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Marryott be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

And that no Person be admitted to converse with, or bring any Letters to him, without Leave of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Crccwj'ord do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning,

And then the House adjourned till To-monw Morning, Ten a Clock.

«8 5° Jaumrii. A. 1697.

Mercurii, 5* die Janvaiii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prati rs.

Guibon'v QIR Henry Hobart reported from the Committee to Estate. whom the Bill to enable Sir

Isabella his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manor of AvenaUs, and other Lands in or near Gunthorp, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof; was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read thoughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Bampfield's Ordered \That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Estate. vest a Power in the Trustees of Sir

Bampfield Baronet, an Infant, to make Leases of his Estate during his Minority.

Grantham A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the Borough Election. of Grantham in the County of Lincolne was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That a Wrttifluing for chuling a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Sir John Brmcnlaw deceased, Sir John Thorvld spent Money at the said Election, contrary to a late Act of Parliament to prevent Expences; and by bringing Strangers to vote, who never were admitted, their Claim being under Pretence of a late Charter made by the late King James, which he also revoked; and by other undue Means; the said Sir John Thorold hath unjustly procured himself to be returned for the said Borough: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Duties on Petition of the Master, Wardens, and the whole Leather. Society and Fraternity, of Skinners and Glovers, within the City of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trades are very much lessened since there has been a Duty laid upon Leather, which they are not able to pay; and, unless they be speedily relieved, they, and their Families, will be brought to great Want: And praying, That the Duty upon Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell-mongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Faife indors. Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the ing Exche- House several Papers, relating to the Examination, taken quer Bills, before the Lords of the Treasury, touching the faife Indorsement of the Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That the said Papers do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Maefacker'g, A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir &c. Nat. Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Gerrard Mae/acker and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Norris, According to Order, reported from toe fe- Estimatemd

left Committee, to whom the Examination of the States, Account*. Estimates and Accounts, which were presented to the House was refereed, That they bad examined and oon-fidered the Estimate of toe Deficiencies of the last Year's Aids; and the Abliraft of the Arrear due to the Land-Forces, Guards, and Garisons; and the Account of what remains due to several Regiments late under toe Care of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord and

Charles Fox Efeuire, to the Time they-were placed on toe English Establitoraont; and the Account of what is due to several Regiments, to be cleared of their Irish Arrears, till the last of March 1692; and had directed him to report the Matter, relating the reunto, to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at toe Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Coufider-ation Tomorrow Morning.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yesterday, touching the ordering the Stay of any Prosecution r Bills'.' at Law against Mr. Marriott.

Ordered, Nemine contfvdiccnte. That all Prosecutions at Law against Mr. Reginald Maniott, in relation to the faife Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills, be staid during the Pleasure of this House.

A Message from the Lord6/ by Sir Cook and Sir Preventing Richard Holford: de^hb

Mr. Speaker, The Lords have agreed to the Bill, in- iate King tituled, An Act against corresponding with toe late King Jame*. Janies, and his Adherents, with lbme Amendments:

To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Amendments be taken into Consideration Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That Mr. Tanner, in Custody of the Serjeant a Member at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself dischsrged from his Service in Parliament, be discharged out of from custofb'* Custody, paying his Fees.

The House being informed. That Mr. Burton was in Faife in do r£-the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; ing Eiche-

Orderea, That the Serjeant do bring Mr. Marriott quer and Mr. Burton to tills House.

Then the Minutes of the Treasury of the ill of November last, and Mr. Burton's Confession therein, were read; and are as follow'; viz.

Treasury-Chambers, lit November 1697. Forenoon.

Present.

Mr Chancellor, Sir

Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Littleton.

Mr. Pelham,

Mr. Burton confesses, He did pass the Bills for 1,700l. on Excise; but that he applied more of his own Money to the Excise, to compensate That, for Payment of toe Salaries and Incidents there: And said the Bills for this 1,700l. is the Whole did pass the Excise irregularly; and that 10 of them for 1,000l. are taken up by him, that they should not appear.

Pelham. Who indorsed them?

Burton, I desire to take it on myself: It wae done in the Office by Direction.

Littleton. Did any of the Commissioners of Excise know of this?

Burton. The Commissioners of Excise knew nothing of this.

They withdraw, except Burton.

Mr. Chancellor. I am ferry for this, which will be a Blemish upon you; and, at the same time, I would have you speak sincerely all you know of this Thing.

Burton. I have resolved to do lb. As to this Part, it was done but lately: As to the First Part, the Account I gave your Lordships of the Value of 6,000l. that wasdone, was a true Account; but I have beard since, Marriott has

24 said

9 W. III.

5® — 6° januarii.

29

laid it was io or 12,0001.; and I rauft abide by that. I undertook for several Gentlemen, to make good their Subscriptions with half the whole Money subscribed; but I have been forced to discount, particularly by Levi, these individual Bills I had out for those Subscriptions, to the Loss of i oooo /. to myself: The Persons that were the Subscribers had the Advantage, and I had the Lois: Indeed, my Lords, If the City-Money had been free, as I expected from the Chamberlain, I could have served those Gentlemen without this.

M r. Chancellor. Y ou talked of 6,oooo /. and now of more.

Burton. Marryott lays now. That it is l o or 12,000l.;

I did undertake to turn my Friends Subscriptions with half the Money; but I have loft 1,000l. by it, without bringing one Penny to their Account: I left Bills with Marryott, on Account, of the Value he was to have from Country-Receivers for me.

Mr. Smith. Did you not know what Marriott did

Burton. I did not know it till the Latter-end; but I did intrust him at first; and said to him, For God's fake, let no more of this be done: And he promised there should not; but there was.

Smith. It is of mighty Consequence it should be known who was the lndorler; He that leems to be the common Indorlcr of the Bills

Burton. I was wholly ignorant of the Signing, or putting any Hand to it: I never saw him do any: He never did it in the Office; but took them home with him, and did them there.

Littleton. Did you know of any other

Burton. I never knew that it was done by , or

any-body there; only, when I saw a Bill, I knew Mr. Knight's Hand: I never saw one Indorsement ligned by

Marriott, or any other: Indeed I had a Suspicion of Marriott, and upon that, I questioned him; and he did own it; and I desired him to do no more: And I never gave him any more Bills after that; for then I acted by Levy, who transacted most of mine.

Littleton. When were those Bills of Excise done?

Burton. The Bills of Excise were done before and I broke off: I never made any Advantage; but as specifical Money came in for Excise, I always paid it into the Exchequer.

Mr. Chancellor. I think we have an Instance to the contrary: On the 7th July last. Story charges 7,000l. paid that Week to you from the Mint; and you paid half Money, half Bills, into the Exchequer; the Certificates are produced: But my Lords go off to the principal Matter.

Burton. This 1,700l. of which 700l. remains, is all that ever I did in my Life: The like may have been done by the Bill Men: I have been afraid of that} and, as they receive Money, they may bring in Bills.

Pelham. Several of the Bills are indorsed with the same Hand for Excise, as was used for Mr. Knight's Bills at the Custom-house: Tho' not all, yet a considerable Number, are thus.

Burton. I have wondered at that; but it might be thus: Marriot taking Knight's Bills, as well as mine, from the Trustees, he might give one for the other; and likewise 1 might discount Knight's Bills, as he might do mine: And I do really think one of the Bills is Mr. William Knight's Hand.

Pelham. Of the suspicious Bills, Ten for One are done with one Hand-writing, the large Hand.

Burton. I was never privy to any of Mr. Knight's Doings; or where they were done, or how they w'ere done.

Littleton. Yours was done by one of your own Clerks, in your Office

Burton. Mine was done in my Office; but I fumished more of my own Money to the Excise: At Michaelmas the Commissioners sent to me, That there was no Specie in the Office: At that time 1 had Specie Bills for my 3^ per Cent, from the Bank, and 1 gave them my Bank Specie Bills, to pay their Salaries and Incidents. I do say. That I never did direct one Peny of the Specie Money to any Use, but the Service of the Office: If it did not come to the Exchequer, it went to the Service of the Office Voju XII.

Caudles.

Littleton. If this Matter had hot been inquired into, False indors-the whole 1,700l. whereof the 700l. is Part, had been, as the 700 /. was, charged with the Trustees, to the King's q Prejudice. And other Lords declared themselves of the same Opinion.

And the House being informed, That Mr. Burton and Mr. Marriott were brought to the House;

Mr. Burton was brought in to the Bar.

And the Information of Mr. Marriott, relating to him, was read.

Whereupon he prayed, That the same might be read,

Paragraph by Paragraph, to him; and he would accordingly answer the fame.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Information be read, Paragraph by Paragraph, to Mr. Burton: And that he do give his Answer accordingly; And that the same be taken down by the Clerk.

Mr. Burton was again called in.

And the Information against him was read. Paragraph by Paragraph; and he gave his Answer to the same accordingly; and to several other Questions asked him, in relation to his Confession made before the Lords of the Treasury.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Then Mr. Burton was called in again; and examined touching the Matters charged upon him.

And then he withdrew.

Resolved, That, there being Information given to this House against Mr. Bartholomew Burton, in relation to the false Indorsements of Exchequer- Bills, to which he not having given a fitisfaftory Answer, but having prevaricated with this House, the said Bartholomew Burton be committed Prisoner to the Prison of Newgate, during the Pleasure of this House: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants for that Purpose.

Ordered, That no Person be permitted to converse with the said Mr. Burton, by Letters or otherwise, without Leave from this House.

And then the House adjourned, till To-motrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 6* die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. William Johnson have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady be- Abfelice* ing very ill.

An inyrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maefacker'* for the Naturalization of Gerrard Maefacker, and others, «cc. Nat. ' w as read tire First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Skinners, Leather-dreffeffi, and Duties on Glovers, of the Town of Manchester, in the County of Leather. Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trades, at best, was but a bare Subfiilence for their Families; and, since a Duty of Three Shillings per Pound has been laid upon Leather, the same is much lessened, and the Petitioners much im-poverithed: And praying Relief in the Premises, by taking off the said Duty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company, of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

I A Petition

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

6° Januariu

A. 1697.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, of the Borough of , in the County of

Oxon, and several others near the said Borough in the said County of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have always been famous for dressing Alum-Leather, and making Gloves; and thereby maintained their Families, and contributed to the Poor; but, since a Duty has been laid upon all Leather, the Petitioners Trade is greatly decreased, and they are in great Want: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company, of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Company of Glovers and White-Tawers of the Town and County of Haverfordwest was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That since a Duty of Fifteen Pounds perCent. has been laid upon Leather, near Three Hundred People in the said Town now want Bread, for want of Employment, who before comfortably maintained themselves: And praying, That the Monies intended to be raised by the said Duty may be raised by Ibme other Means.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The Petition of several Tanners inhabiting in the Borough of Shafton in the County of Dorset, presented to the House

on Tuesday last, was read; setting forth. That the great Duty upon Leather hath already much decayed the Petitioners Trade, not only because they are forced to give longer Credit than before, but when they go to any Fair or Market, and there agree to fell their Goods at a certain Rate, and enter the Duty at the full Value, yet the Collectors refuse to do the feme, and charge it undersold; and that they will take it at that Price, according to the Power of the said Act; yet perhaps do not pay the Money till the End of the Market or Fair; and then they fell it at the same Price the Petitioners had agreed for: Which neither is the only Grievance; but the Collectors refuse to grant another Permit to remove Goods

to any other Market or Fair, without great Delay, which occasions Charge, and sometimes the Loss of the intended Market: And praying, That the House will grant feme speedy Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition oiJenkin Donne, and several other Masters Transport of Ships and Vessels belonging to the Town of in 1)ebt‘

the County of Glamorgan, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Commissioners for Tran-sport-Service entered into Charter-party in 1693, with the Petitioners; and there is due to the Petitioners thereupon above 1,000l. for Transport-Service ;which the Petitioners greatly want, and cannot adjust Accounts with their Owners till paid: And praying, That they may be paid what is due to them on such Account, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, are referred.

A Petition of Peter Chabet, in behalf of himself, and Irish Arrears, several others Troopers of the Earl of Gallawaye's Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they petitioned the House last Session,

That they might be paid their Ir'ish Arrears: Which Petition was referred to a Committee; and, upon Examination of the Matter, it was agreed to refer it to Two indifferent Persons; who have shewed great Partiality, by keeping the Troopers out, and suffering the Agent and Officers to be present; and keeping their Resolutionalto themselves till the Parliament was prorogued; by excluding Relations, Executors, and Assigns, from their Right; and by not allowing what was each Man's Due: And praying Relief of the House in the Premises.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

The House proceeded, according to the Order of the Report on Day, to take into Consideration the Report made Yester- Eftuuates day from the Committee, to whom the States, Estimates, Accounts, and Accounts, presented to the House, were referred:

And the said Repert was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Committee, in the First Place, proceeded upon the Estimate of the Defi- ciencies of the last Year's Aid; And it doth appear, That the Aid of 3 s. in the j-Pound, for the Year 97, is made a Security for Principal-Money, amount . to J That, by a Computation made, the Interest of the feme, being Part at 6, and Parti at 8 per Cent, will, from the time of borrowing, until the time of Repayment, > amount to - - - J

So that the Principal and Interest, to be made good out of the Aid of 3$. ini the Pound, amounts to - - - -J

That, by Computation, the I And Tax for the Year 97, will be near the feme, in " proportion, with the Aid of 4 s.in the Pound, for the Year 1696; which produced the Sum of 1,706,8691, to s.id. So that it is computed |ths of that Sum to be the Produce of the 3 j. in the Pound, for the Year 97: But deducting 8 d. per Ounce, for so much thereof as was paid in hammered Money, before the ift of \ June 97, and 2 d- per Ounce, for what was paid in hammered Money, after that Day: Which Deductions were computed at 80,0001. but the Committee thought, that 67,0001, was sufficient for that Allowance: And then the net Produce of the 5s. in the Pound, will be about ——

So that, by this Computation, There is a Deficiency, in the'Aid of 3$. in the^ Pound, amounting to the Sum of - -/

1,620,000

1,213,000

407,000

L

1,500,000

120,000

The next was the Capitation-Tax; which was made a Security to discharge Bills' of Credit, amounting, in Principal-Money, to - - - - -.

That the Interest, at the Rate of 5 d. per Day, is to attend the said Bills, when they are not in the Exchequer; or in the Hands of publick Receivers, or Collectors: Which Rate, in the Whole, from the time of making out these Bills, till the time of cancelling the feme, is computed at -

So that the Principal and Interest, appointed by Act of Parliament to be made good out of the Capitation-Tax, will amount to

1,500,000

100,000

1,600,000

The

pW. III.

The said Capitation-Tax will, by Computation delivered in to the House, make' about 700,000 /. out of which deduct 40,000l. for the Payments in hammered Money; and then the net Produce, towards discharging the said Bills of Credit, is estimated at ——

By which Computation, there will be ^Deficiency in the said Capitation-Tax,' amounting to ——

The next was the Aid. of 1 s. in the Pound; which was given for -It appeared, That the said Aid of 1 s. in the Pound, together with New Subsidies 1 of Tonage and Poundage, were made a Security to discharge Bills of Credit, amount- I ing to 1,200,000l. Principal Money, with Interest, at the Rate of 5 Day, for > every 100l.; and the Interest of lb many of the said Bills, as are to be cancelled, I on the said Aid of 1 s. in the Pound, singly, is estimated at, - - - - J

By which Computation, the Principal and Interest, to be made good out of the! Aid of 1 1.in the Pound, will amount to - - - -J

The net Produce of the 1 s. in the Pound, which is estimated, in proportion,'! with the 3i. in the Pound, amounts to ----- - -J

So that there will be a Deficiency, to be provided for, towards discharging so many' of the said Bills of Credit, as are to be cancelled, on the 11. Aid, with the Interest thereof, amounting to ——

By all which Computations, the Total of all the Principal mid Interest Monies," appointed by Parliament to be paid out of the Funds given the wft Sessions, except the Tonage and Poundage, and Malt-Duty, which are not estimated, amounts to the Sum of -

And the Sum Total of all the Monies, which will arise out of the Aid of 3*. in' the Pound, the Capitation, and the 1 s. in the Pound, towards discharging the Prin- cipal and Interest of the said Loans, is estimated at -

So that the whole Deficiency, upon the Aid of 3 in the Pound, the Capitation,' and the 1 s. in the Pound, by this El'tknation, amounts to

940,000

129,000

1,476,000

660.000

500.000 33,000

533»oooo

404.000

3.753,ood

2,277,006

As to the Aid of 3 s. in the Pound, the Committee examined into the Reasonableness of the Computation aforesaid; vis. The 120,0001. Interest upon the 1,500,000l. It did appear, That a great Part of the Interest begun above a Year ago, and will not be paid in a Year's time.

That the Money comes in very flow; and the Agents for Taxes have sent Letters to the Commissioners in the Country to hasten them: Who returned Answer, That there was but very little milled Money. It did appear, That there had not been above 600,000 /. brought in, both in new and hammered Money; and that the Re* ceivers have committed very great Abuses; particularly, in keeping new Money in their Hands, and buying up Exchequer- Bills with the fame.

As to the Interest of 100,000l. upon Exchequer-Notes, That the Abuses committed by the Collectors and Receivers, in taking new Money and Guineas, at 22 and buying up Exchequer- Bills with the fame; and other Abuses by them committed; has occasioned the Interest to be so great.

That there is 100,048 /. of the Bills not yet made out: That there is about 570,000l. of the Bills, which are cancelled.

That 2 or 300,000l. of them have been paid to Seamen: That there is about 2,000,000 /. now out, that carry the Interest of $d. a Day. So that it will be a considerable time, before they are all cancelled; which must necessarily occasion the Interest to be so great.

The Committee examined the Chamberlain of 1, in relation to what Money had come in, upon the 3 s. Aid, the 1 s. Aid, and the Capitation: Who informed them, That there was come in, upon the 3$. Aid, 120,000l.; 11 b,oooo/. whereof was paid him in old

Money, and the rest in Exchequer. Bills; and not 200l. in milled Money.

He further informed the Committee, That the 3 s. and 1 s. Aid, distinct from the Capitation, within the City of London' will fall short, at least, 30,000l. of the 4.?. Aid in 1696: That he has received, by the Capitation-Tax, about 130,000l.; but most in Exchequer Bills, and old Money: That he hath paid into the Exchequer, in hammered Money, about 130,000l.} which produced, when coined, about 110,000l.

The Committee examined Mr. Ryley, and asked him} What the 3 s.and 1 s. Aid would produce? Who informed them, That he could not give them an exact Account; but did believe. It would hold near the fame, in proportion to the 4 s.Aid, granted in the Year 96.

He also informed the Committee, That the Duplicates are not yet returned from the Countries; and that the Agents of the Taxes have done all they can, and have pressed the Commissioners for the Duplicates; who have lent Answera to them, That the Reason why the Duplicates are not returned, is, Because of the frequent Removals of Persons and Servants: So that, till the Last Quarter be paid, they cannot return the fame. Memorandum. The new Subsidy, and the 1 s. in the

Pound, is charged with the Payment of 1,200,000l.

That the 1 s. in the Pound will produce, by Com-

?utation, 404,000 /. But the Subsidy of Tonage and 'oundage, which is granted from the ift of May 97. unto the ift of February 99, is to make good the said 1,200,000l.

The Committee proceeded upon the Consideration of the Abstract of the Arrear due to the Land-Forces, Guards, and Garisons: And it appeared according to the bcft Information the Committee could get,

That there is due, to clear the Arrears of Pay, from the! £. s. d. ift of April 1692, to the last of September 1607, according to the > -

Establishment - - - - -J

That there is due, to clear the Arrear of Subsistence to the Troops 1 in England, according to the Regulation thereof, between the ift ofv 203,415 7 9

January 1696, and the 1 ft of August following - - -J

Most of which is due to Quarters.

That there is due, to clear the Arrear of Subsistence due to the Troop of Scotch Guards in Scotland, and the Regiment and Companies in the West Indies, from the ift of January 1696, to the 20th November 97, inclusive; to which time the Army in England have been iubfifted, except for the Seven Months, between the ift of January 1696, and the first of August following - -

Whereof 4,036/. 19$, is set down, as due to the Troop of Scots Guards.

Vox.. XII.

£. s. d. 1,200)054 16 3

That

Report on Estimatei and Account*;

Supply.

Committees*

Leave of Absence.

Preventing Correspondence with late King James.

33

That there is due, to clear the Arrear of Subsistence due to the'|

Troops in Flanders, to the 4th of October last, according to the best I

Estimate that can be made of the fame, 450,816/. 1 and / 479,000 — —

to clear Contingencies to the said time, 28,293/. 2 4 making 1 - —

together, as per Abstract, delivered in - -

That there is due to the General Officers, with their Aids de Camp,l and the Majors of Brigade, about ----- -J That there will be due, for Arrears of Pay to the Land-Officers,"!

Guards, and Garrisons, which will be due to them from the said last

Day of September last, to the 31 ft of December, inclusive, about -J

Memorandum, It appeared, by an Account delivered in to the Commissioners, by the Lord Ranelagh, there was further due. to clearthe Arrear of Subsistence due to the Troops in Flanders, from the 4th Day of October 1697, exclusive, to the last of inclusive

Towards clearing of which, there has been borrowed, and remitted," and not yet paid here, ——

And there has likewise been fumished, by Mr, Hugueton, and others," who are repaid out of the Loans made to the Exchequer in general.

100,000 ——

58,000 —

d. 1697.

jC* d.

703.763 8 6fc

- 50,000 ——

- 75,oooo ——

£. 2,028,818 4 gf

- 195,99° — 9

£. 158,000 ——

Balance remaining - - - £. 37,990 — 9

That, upon Confederation of an Account, signed by the Lord Coningsby, and Charles For Esquire, it appeared. That there is due to the several Regiments therein / mentioned, to the time they were I placed on the English Establish- j ment - - - - -i

And that it also further appeared, by an Account signed by Jacob Vander, That there is due to the Regiments therein men- r tioned, to be cleared of their Irish Arrears, till the last of March 1692 -

£. s.

99.951 18

27,260 17

d.

4t

1

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Consideration of the Committee of the whole House who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Darrell have Leave to go into the

Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act against corresponding with the late King James, and his Adherents:

And the feme were read; and are as follow; nix.

1 ft Skin, 32 L. for " 6th," read " 14th."

2 Skin, 4 Line, for " 6th," read 14th."

4Skin, 22 L. after "Treason," leave out to "and,* in the 29th L.; and insert Clause A, That if any Person who hath taken any such Grant, or Pardon, as aforesaid, shall deliver up the fame, before the 13th of February, he shall not be punishable for the feme.

The First and Second Amendments were read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Amendment, 4 Skin, 22 L. after " Treason," leave out to " and, " in the 29th Line, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendment

And it is referred to Sir William William, Sir Richard Onslow, Colonel Granville, Mr. ConSir Boiler,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Price, Lord Norris, Mr.

Mr. Sloane, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Blake, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Berty, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Harcourt,

Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. Tredenham, Lord Ranelagh, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hammond, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Norris: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Coantet's,

* Counter, John Bernardi, Robert Cassells, Robert <tc*Im* Meldrum, James Chambers, and Robert Blackborne, com- Pr"0,ment* mitted to Newgate, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out " and such other Persons who shall hereafter render themselves, or shall be apprehended; and " against whom there shall be Evidence upon Oath, of " their being concerned in the said barbarous and bloody " Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty."

And the Question being put, That the said Words stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in die Affirmative.

Another Amendment being proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out " and to the End of the next " Session of Parliament;"

And the Qucfiion being put, That the said Word* stand Part of the Bill;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put. That the Bill do pais;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

}>9*.

Tellers for the }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title be, An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mora- Timber ia ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole New-Forest. House, to consider of the Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered,

9 w; m.

6" — 70 Jamarii.

33

Ordered, That such Persons as were ordered to attend the said Committee this Day,' to attend again upon Tuesday next.

And then the House adjourned till To-mwrpv Morning, Nine a Clock.

V mens, T die Jauuarii;

Nono Golielmi Tertii.

P a a r E tt s.

JJ7~AI.TEli Merchant, Peter Abraham

Abraham Henckell, and took the

Oajtba appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Evelyn have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, his Son being very ill.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Sir Francis Guibon, and Dame Isabella his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manor of Avenalls, and other Lands in or near in the County of Norfolk; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Sir Francis Guibon, and Dame Isabella his Wife, and their Trustees to fell the Manor of Avenalls, and other Lands in or new Gunthorpe, in the County of Norfolk; and for settling other Lands in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A boll thing Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to

Payments of take aWay Smoak-silver, Peter-^ence, and other Pay- ver' ments at the Sheriffs Turn, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

I AaYt of Absence.

Guibon'*

Estate.

Army

Arrears.

A Petition of the Subaltern-Officers, and Troopers, of his Grace the Duke of and Eeuistey's Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, notwithstanding the Resolutions and Orders of this House of the 18th of March last, That Mr. Francis Mol\neux, Agent to the said Regiment, should be prosecuted by the Attorney General, for defrauding the Petitioners, vet the said Agent hath not, in the least, made any Offer to satisfy the Petitioners, what he allows to be due to them; knowing that they are not in a Condition to wait the Event of a Suit at Law with him: And praying fbme speedy Relief in the Pretnifcs.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that the said Petition do lie upon the Table;

It paised in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. named in the said Petition, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition offeveral Troopers, lately disbanded out of Colonel Rechterens Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be read;

' It paired in the Negative.

Undue Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom

Marriage* 4he ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to of infant*, prevent undue Marriages of Infants; and for better lecturing the Guardianship of them; was committed; That they had considered the fame; and had made one Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place, with the Coherence j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice readand, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Vol.XII.

Trooper*

disbanded.

Pr. i ft. L. the last, leave out " 6;rf and insert " 13."

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of Thomas Cqoper Gentleman, and the Privilege of Right Honourable the Lady Charlott, his Wife, was ^e.ber m presented to the House, anti read; setting forth, That a U1 '

Mrs. Charlotte Katherine Sewage, by her Last Will, gave

foe Petitioner Charlotte 8,000l.; and the House of

Lords hath given the Petitioner Leave to prefer a Bill in

Chancery against the Earl of Derlty who is surviving

Trustee and Executor of the said Mr. Savage, in order

to recover the said 8,000 /.: But the Petitioners are ad-

vised, all the Legatees rnuft be made Parties to the Bill,

otherwise it will be dismissed; and James Stanley

Esquire, a Meml>er of this House, being a Legatee, M ho

infills on his Privilege; the Petitioners pray, That the

House will direct him to wave his Privilege, and to an-

fwer the Petitioners Bill.

To which Mr. Stanley M'as heard in his Place.

Resolved, That no Member of this House, during the Continuance of this Parliament, have any Privilege, except for his Person only, against any Commoner, in any Suit or Proceedings, in Courts of Law pr Equity, for any longer time than the House shall be actually fitting for Dispatch of Business in Parliament.

Then the House proceeded in the further Examination False indors-of the Matter relating to the false Indorsement of Exche- ing lixclie. quer- Bills: quer Bills.

And the Minutes of the Lords of the Treasury of the nth of November 1607; and also a Report of the Trustees for circulating Exchequer-Rills, in relation to one Mr. Richard Darby, and also a Letter of the said Mr.

Richard Darby; were read; and are as follow; viz.

The Minutes.

Treasury-Chambers, 11th November 1697. Forenoon.

Prelent

Mr. Chancellor, Sir Steph. Fox,

Mr. Smith, Sir Tho. Littleton,

Mr. Pelham.

Trustees for Exchequer- Bills, their Memorial read; and the Minutes are thereupon; —

Mr. Dodingtoninforms, That they have a Suspicion,

by Mr. Taylors Inquiry and Information, That indorsed fraudulently Un Specie Bills; and they were disposed for other Non-Specie Bills, with an Allowance of 6 /. per Cent.: And that, by thU means, the Cheat might be repeated very fast, without fetching the Money from the Trustees: And therefore desires Mr. Gooduyn, hut a Clerk in Peters Office, may be examined by my Lords.

Gooduyn comes in — He fays, He has had many Exchequer- Bills: He exchanged many with He

had 6 I. per Cent.more or less: He transacted for Mr.

Darby, perhaps, about 2,000/:, He never did considerably for any body else: He changed Specie, for Non-Specie- Bills: He did not receive the Money of the Tryf-tees to carry That, because there would be Trouble and Charge: His Business was, for Darby, to change Specie, for Non-Specie Bills: He had no Brokage; but Coach-hire, and a Supper: He did 1,000l. more with Batsford, in Lombard-Street, for Darby, Part of the 2,000 /. —

Being asked, Whose Hand indorsed them? Answer —

Some with Marriott's, feme with Darbys. —

He's in Squibb's Office: He kept no Account. He wasdefired by Mr. Palmes's Gentleman to discount some for him; — fell them for Money; but had no Brokage.

That Darby ordered him to get these Specie- Bills changed into Non-Specie Bills: The 1,000/, was transacted with Batsford about a Month ago. lie has been intrusted by Mr Wright, and others, to receive their Money for them; and when he received Tallies and Tickets, he went to the Trustees, and took Money for them; but Mr. Darby would have Non-Specie- Bills: The Non-Specie- Bills he received for Mr. Derby, he delivered to the said Derby; who wrote down the Principal and Interest in his Waste-Paper:

K Batsford

34 7 0 Januarit.1697.

False indors- Batsford had his Bills of 1,000l. from Frame and Gold; ing Excka- and he, Goodivyn, tarried a Quarter of an Hour, till quf r Bills they were fetched: All this was transacted about a Month

or Six Weeks ago. He asked Darby, What he did with the Non-Specie- Bills r t He answered, The Receivers brought up Money, and he clapped in these Bills, and took their Money. Goodwyn lays, He had a Guinea for doing the 1,000/; and never else above 10 a time.

Mr. Darby comes in — Says, He never had to do with Marryot in any thing, unlefe to salute him, as he went by, unless 3,000l. which were too full of Indorsements; he paid off 3,0001. Orders for Marriott, and had from him .3,0001, in such full Bills, which were funk in the Revenue: He never had any other Bills from Marriott. He fays, He never employed any-body to change Non-Specie, for Specie- Bills, lie never bought any Bill in his Life, or employed any-body.

Chancellor. Do you know Goodwyn f Answer per Darby. I have employed him for others; not for myself: He was employed to change 2,000l. He had aMifehancein his Cam, of 250/; and, to reimburse himself, he made about 2,000l. Specie- Bills: Porter brought the Bills; they came regularly indorsed, "Paid at the Customs;" and, to make himself good, he did, that which he should not, make them issued at the Exchequer: The Surplus on these Bills made him Amends in his Cash; for the Credit of Specie- Bills they have taken them as Money: Observe the Interest got. He fays, This Practice hath been generally amongst the Clerks, as he believes. He fays, That the Bills which he made Specie- Bills by the Second Indorsement, before the Bill was really issued, were sold by him, to get the 61. per Cent. He had Marriott's, Bill, but not from Marriott: Morse, belonging to Sir Francis Child, first brought Marriott's Specie- Bills instead of Money. That he has not transefted above 2,000l. Now-and-theri he would give Goodwyn Two or Three Guineas: He funk the second Non-Specie- Bills on the Sinking-Funds. He fays, He generally made use of Mr. Knight's Bills, brought in for Customs, to underwrite them, to be issued. - He lays, Nobody has employed him in this Transaction. He owns, Upon the Bills, that were Non-Specie Bills, which he received, he wrote " Paid in for Taxes," or " Exchanged for Capitation and put Names to them; and that they are now funk; they were the Names of other Persons.

— To Mr. Squibb, That he employ Mr. Darby no longer.

Darby owns, That he hath observed the same Practice; viz. He made false Indorsements on the Bills, which he hath received back, upon Account of 3,500 /. by him subscribed; excepted 100 /. or 3; but, of the Bills he hath transa&ed, he hath regularly changed about 1,300 /.

He fays, He knows nothing of any-body but himself.

The Report of the Trustees.

We being informed, That one Mr. Gould, a Gold-smith, brought in about 1,000l. in Specie- Bills, to be paid by the Trustees; all suspefited to be fiftitiously indorsed; and that Mr. Gould had declared, That be had those Bills from a Neighbour: and that they were brought to him by Goodwyn, lately a Clerk in Mr. Palmes's Office, in the Exchequer; and that the said Mr. s Neighbour gave Non-Specie Bills for them to Goodwyn, and 6 /. per Cent. Discount; We laid this Matter before your Lordships on the 11th of November; when, upon Examination, the Matter of Fa& appeared thus:

Mr. Goodwyn being examined by your Lordships, it appeared, That the Bills for 1,000 /. which the said Goodwyn disposed of to Mr. Batszoorth, Mr, Goulds Neighbour, were delivered to the said Goodwyn by Mr. Darby, Clerk in the Office of the Lord , of the Exchequer, to dispose of for the Account of the said Mr. Darby, for Non-Specie- Bills: And accordingly Goodwyn did dispose of them, and had 6 I. per. Cent. Discount Goodwyn did also then confefe, That he had transaded for Mr. Darby about 1,000 more, in like manner; which he loid to Mr. Peter Asselin, a French Merchant, and others.

Darby, being sent for by your Lordships, and examined, at first positively asserts, That he never did, by himself, or any other, buy or fell Exchequer- Bills: And this lie did two or three times: But whenyour Lordships named Goodwyn to him, and told him. That the said Goodwyn had confessed, Then Darby owned. That Goodwyn did transa&for him 2,000l. in Bills, as above; and that he had 2,000 /. in Specie- Bills, out of the Office; and that

1,000 /. Part of the Non-Specie- Bills, that he received in lieu of them, he funk, by Money that came into the Office, upon the Capitation; and that he forged Indorsements upon the other 1,000l. Non-Specie- Bills, as paid in for Taxes. And, being asked, If that was all he had transacted ? He asserted, He never did more. But your Lordships being afterwards acquainted, That he was a Subscriber to the Second Contraft for circulating Exchequer- Bills, the Sum of 3,500 /.; and that he had then paid in 4- thereof, amounting.. 2,187 /.; and he

the said Darby, being asked, What he did w'ith those Bills ? he then owned, That he had also forged Indorsements upon them all, but 300 /. funk upon the Capitation; and taken Money for them, in like manner as before.

The Letter directed to be left for Mr. at

the Royal Oak, near West

Sir,

I have here sent you the Numbers and Sums of the several Bilb; which I would desire you to fee if allowed in your Books. I intend to wait on you Morn-

ing, if you think you can inform me then; else, pray be so kind to give a Line by s Afternoon

Penny-Post, and you will much oblige

Your Friend and Servant, Monday, Two a Clock. R. Darby-.

Let me fee you,- before you give Mr. Squibb any Account

No. Sums. No. Sum^ No. Sums.

4,023 10 5.719 10 8,168 60

5,805 49 7,731 10 8,269 60

8,276 60 22,732 40 8,277 60

11,738 20 22,733 40 8,739 20

11,721 80 27,741 40 11,286 40

13,811 20 22,743 40 12,679 80

i5,9'9 5 24,667 20 13,797 io

21,3^3 20 29,410 100 16,685 IO

21,502 20 32,719 20 16,719 IO

21,523 20 36,513 40 16,720 10

21,549 20 49,700 5 21,533 20

21,524 20 59,949 10 21,855 20

21,516 20 Cert, includ. 7 June 18th,97. J 830 22,707 22,735 40 40

21,696 20 6,297 60 29,624 100

21,693 20 7,226 5 29,625 100

21,698 20 7,237 5 32,446 20

22,729 40 7,880. 40 36,276 10

See Cert, includ. ? i erQ June aj, 97. J

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Darby, charged with false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this Hotife.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, by the chief Governor of the Toioer, this Morning, received a Letter from Mr. John Knight, with his Answer to the Information given against him; and with a Request from Mr. Knight, That his Wife might be admitted to come to him.

Ordered, That Mrs. Knight have Leave to resort to her Husband in the Tower.

Then the Letter from Mr. Knight, and his said Answer, w'ere read, and are as follow;

Honourable Sir,

Being made a close Prisoner in the by your

Warrant of the 4th Instant; and not having the Liberty of Pen, Ink, or Paper, till last Night, about Ten of the Clock; when my Lord Lucas, understanding by the Votes, That I was to say something in answer to Mr. Marriott's Charge, Tomorrow, being Friday, thought it

reasonable

9 W, III.

reasonable to permit me the Use of it: I could not apply myself till this Morning, to lay any thing before the House; which is since done; and I beg your Favour, That the inclosed Papers may be communicated to them.

I am, Sir,

Your moil obedient, and January6, i6qi. most humble Servant,

Jo. Knight,

Mr. Knight's Answer.

My Acquaintance with Mr. is not of any long

Handing; but the Civility he shewed me and my Family, by entertaining me a Fortnight together, after the Fire in Beaufort-street had dripped us of all to what we had on our Backs, intituled him to what Friendship I could shew him upon that Account, and no other Consideration whatsoever.

And whereas it hath been insinuated, That I recommended him to Mr. Burton with some sinister Design, I call God to witness, I newer had the least Thought of it: But Mr. Burton aiking me one Day, Whether I knew an able Clerk ? for he would put such a one into the Exchequer, and give him a good Salary; 1 thereupon asked him, What he thought of Mr. Marryott; He seemed to approve of him, as one that had been conversant in Bu finds, and bred an Auditor; and lb was introduced into Mr. Howard's Office.

What Mr. Marriott charges me with is, That I asked him to indorse a Parcel of Bills, the Beginning of August lad, of about i,8oo/.; and, about the 23d of the same Month, that I gave him a Parcel of Bills, signed by Mr. Shallet, but not indorsed, as paid for Culioms; and that these, with others, amounted to about 5,000l.; and bid him pay them away for me. Then follows his Diary; wherein he gives an Account, as he pretends, of my soliciting Mr. Montague, Sir Stepk. , and Mr. Smith, on his Behalf, and Assurance of their Favour, 8$c.

In order to letting the House know as much as I do, in relation to these Exchequer- Bills, I lay before them an Account of such Subscriptions as have been under my Management; and how the Exchequer- Bills for the same have been disposed of, to the bell of my Knowlege.

To the first Subscription, subscribed.

By Sir Steph. Fox and his Son - 8,000

John Smith Esquire - / - 2,000

James Chadwick Esquire - 1,000

William Culliford Esquire - 1,000

Mrs. Can. Far - - - 400

Ric. Miller -

James Pavey - -

PhiU. White - -

John Knight - - - 4,000

]For 10 per Cent. Allowance - 18,400 - 1,840

20,240

To the Second Subscription,

By Sir Steph. Far - - - - Mr. Fox ----- f O O O O O O l-<

John Smith Esquire - - T 500

Sir John Austin - - - T 250

John Knight - - - - T 1,000 ' 5,500

Sir St. Fox - - - T 500

Cha. Far Esquire - - - i 500

John Smith Esquire - T 250

John Knight - - - - T 500 J

In all - 25,740

How the foregoing Bills have been disposed of;

£. s. d.

To Mr. Pauncefort - - - - 250

Mr. Miller - -

Mr. Roundtree - - - - 520

Mr. Shallet - - - - 3,100

Vol. XII.

35

jf. d.

To Mr. Cupper and others - 546 5 —

Mr. George - - - 700 — —

Mr. Chabun - - - - 600 ——

John Smith Esquire - - 757 10 6 ,

Mr. Marriott - - - - 7,180 — 10

Sunk on the new Subsidy - - 7,985 11 8

on the Capitation - - 3,900 ——

----- ----- ----- 25,740

Before I say any thing to vindicate myself from Mr. Marryott's Information, I beg Leave, in general, to say; That, if any thing hath been done contrary to Law in the Execution of my Office, it is through Inadvertency, and not wittingly.

That I have lately been committed to a Messenger, by virtue of a Warrant from the Duke of; and

thereupon lued out a Habeas Corpus, and am bound to appear the First Day of next Term.

That I do understand the Intention of the Parliament was, that every 100l. Bill, issued out of the Exchequer, was to go for 100l.; and so for any lesser Sum: And, by a particular Clause in the Capitation-Act, it is provided, That if there shall be any Money in the Exchequer, except what comes in on the 3 s. Aid, those Bills shall command it out of the Tellers Hands; and then the Bills, so paid, to be immediately cancelled: And, in this Act, there is not a Word of lndorlements, nor any other Act, to the best of my Remembrance.

That for every 100l. Bill received by me, or my Agents, before such Receipt, 100l. was actually paid to the Trustees; and it is not pretended, That more than too/, hath been received by means of any such Bill; nay, the sooner the too/, is received, the foouer the Interest is determined.

That though, by means of some ill Persons, a Discount hath been brought on the Bills; and it is confidently alledged, That I have purchased great Sums of them; yet I do sincerely declare, that I never was concerned directly or indirectly, in the purchase or Traffick of one single Bill: And if any Instance can be given of it, more than borrowing 250/. in Bills of Mr. Taylor, for the Honourable Mr. Pelham of the Treasury, who gave his Note for the same on Mr. Hoare, I am content to undergo any Punishment the House shall think fit to inflict.

That, by the Act for inlarging the capital Stock of the Bank of England, the said Bills being to pass, and be current, at the Exchequer, from any Person making any Payments there upon any Account whatsoever, I took Sir Crejwell Levins, another Learned Counsel's Advice, whether I might not legally pay in such Exchequer- Bills as I had received for my Subscriptions, on Account of what I was indebted to the King, by reason of my Receipt at the Custom-house; and stated the Matter as followeth;

" J. S. being a Receiver of Part of the King's Revenue, and one of the Trustees for the King, and Contractors to advance and pay off Exchequer- Bills, pursuant to the late Act of Parliament, intituled, An Act " for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds "* therein mentioned; and for inlarging the capital " Stock of the Bank of England; did subscribe 100l. to " an Agreement made with the Lords of the Treasury,

" to advance Money to the aforesaid Purpose; and, upon " Payment of 100l. to the Cashier of the said Trustees, " received an Exchequer- Bill for 100l.; upon which " Bill, his Servant made an Indorsement, to the Effect " following; viz.Paid into that Part of the Revenue, " whereof /. S. was Receiver, on the 1 ftof September 697: And, to the same Indorsement, there was a feigned " Name, signed by the said Servant: And 'afterwards " the same Bill was delivered into the Exchequer, towards Discharge of Money to be accounted for by J. S.; " and thereupon he had a Tally for his Discharge of the " fame.

" Q. If the said Indorsement, by the said Receiver's " Servant, be any Offence in him, or his M after ? and " how punishable

" The

7® Jamorii.

False indorsing Exchequer Bills.

False indors-in % Exchequer Bi^s*

36 7° — 8 0 JanuaA. 1697.

" The King being indebted to J. S. the Receiver, in

" \oo I. upon the Bill, for Money paid to the Trustees;

" and the Receiver indebted to the King, upon his Accounts; That Bill mult have been received and allowed

" in the Exchequer, in Discharge of so much of his Accounts, by virtue of the Stat. 8 and 9 JVm. III. Page

" 384, 385, whether there had been any Indorsement

" upon the Bill, or not; so that the Indorsement was but

" a mere Matter of Surplusage, that signifyed nothing:

" Nor is there any Deceit in the Cafe, or Advantage to

" J. S. or Lois to the King; but the Receiver is allowed,

" upon his Accounts, the Money lent to the King, and

" no more; and the Indorsement a Piece of impertinent

and unnecessary Folly, without Fraud or Prejudice;

" and not punishable, as I conceive.

And here, I beg Leave to inform the House, That many Exchequer- Bills have been paid for Customs, both at the Custom-house in London1, and also from the Out-ports, without any Indorsements at all; several Merchants refuting to sign them, and those of the most eminent Figure in this City; nay, the Commissioners of the Navy and Victualling-Office refuse to do the same thing: And I appeal to fyfr. FapiUicm in this Matter, whether this be not true: So that my Tellers have been necessitated, as I have been infonned, to put Indorsements upon them, in order to determine the Interest, which is the proper Use and Meaning of the Indorsements: And I beg Pardon for adding, That, in my poor Opinion, it hath its Operation, with as much Effect, by a feigned Name, as a real one; and when the Servants of Merchants, or their Brokers, come with Bills to pay Customs, those Servants or Brokers who are in 110-wife concerned in Interest in the Bills, set their own Names to the Indorsements, and sometimes their Matters Names; which may be called forging their Matters Hands; yet still the Indorsement is sufficient for the Purpose intended by the Act of Parliament.

For answer to what Mr. M charges me paiti-cularly withal, I say;

That whatever Bills Mr. Marriott hath had of mine, or such as I have been concerned for, were lodged with him, in order to be applied to the Funds, in which they are, by the Act of Parliament, to be lunk and cancelled; and, if he hath made any other Use of them, it was. not by my Direction.

I looked upon it as a Piece of Friendship to me, little thinking of this Requital, That he freely offered to make use of his Interest with the Receivers of Taxes to fink some of my Bills; which I thought he might easily have done, being Auditor to Nineteen Counties, as he assured roe. v

As to what is said concerning my going to Mr. Bateman, and speaking to him, in order to put a Stop to the inquiring into the forged Bill of Marriott the Taylor, it'? utterly false; for I never changed one word with Mr. Bateman upon that Subject; and I must appeal to him for Justification in this Matter.

I must confess, upon Mr. Ms desiring to spe$k with me several times, I went to him, and was sorry for his Misfortunes; and whenever he talked of quitting the Kingdom, I dissuaded him-against it, for fear it might have been thought he had been font away on purpose.

As to what he faith concerning my consulting with Mr. Montague, Sir Steph. Fox, and Mr. Smith, there is not any Colour or Ground for such Reflections on those honourable Gentlemen: All that ever I said to them, or either of them, to the best of my Remembrance, was. That Mr. Marriott had been with me, and told me, He resolved to throw himself the next Day upon the Lords of the Treasury's Mercy, and confess the whole Fact; who made me, or some of them at least, this Answer, That they looked upon him as a most profligate Wretch, because of his Imprecations and Asseverations, That he never had indorsed more than one Angle Bill for Marryott the Taylor; and that he deferred no Pity or Compassioq.

*5

I will only add one thing more; That it is not in my Power to make Specie- Bills, I mean such as are demandable on the Trustees; because no Tallies of Fro were struck on any of the Branches of the Revenue, whereof I was late Receiver; but whatever have been paid into the Exchequer by my Officers, were on Account of my Receipt, and no otherwise: And t hope, if any Indorse- . ments with feigned Names have been made by Mistake or Ignorance, in my Absence from my Office, it will not be deemed a Crime in me, who have endeavoured to promote the Credit of the Bills, and never received one Farthing Profit, directly or indirectly, by ti>em» other than what the Act of Parliament allows.

Ihurfday Night, . Jo. Knight.

6th of January 9^.

Ordered, That Mr. Kerne, Mr. Eduards, and Mr. Taylor, Officers to the Trustees for circulating Exchequer-RIJls, do immediately attend this House with the Contracts made with the Lords of the Treasury.

And they, attending accordingly, were called in; and delivered to the House the Contracts for the First and Second Subscriptions; and acquainted the House, That the Contract for the Third Subscription was not as yet signed by the Lords of the Treal'ury.

And then they withdrew.

Then the House being acquainted. That Mr. Knight ' was in the Custody of the Serjeant; and that he attended;

He was called in to the Bar:

And the Information of Mf. Marriott, in relation to him, was read: And he was examined touching the Matter charged upon him.

And then he withdrew.

Then Mr. Herne was again called in; and examined, touching the Discourse mentioned in Mr. Marriott's, Information, to be in his Presence, between Mr. John Knight and Mr. Marriott, relating to Exchequer- Bills;

And then be withdrew.

Then Mr. Wm. Knight was again called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That Mr. William Knight, being charged with making false Indorsements of Exchequer- Bills, to which he not having given a satisfactory Answer, but having trifled with this House, be committed Prisoner to the Gatehouse, during the Pleasure of this House: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That no Person be permitted to converle with the said Mr. Knight, by Letters, or otherwise, without the Leave of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mpming, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 8 die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prater*.

A PETITION of the Leather-dressers and Leather- Duties on cutters, in and near the ancient Borough of Leather. Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason , . a Duty of Three Shillings in the Pound upon Oiled and Alum-Leather, the Petitioners Trades are very much decreased; inso much that great Numbers of poor People, who thereby maintained themselves and Families before the said Tax, are now come to the Parish for want of Work; and many others want Bread: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off, or some Easement made thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they dp examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Executing Judgments in Wales.

Bampfyld*

Estate.

Trade with Ireland.

9 W. III. 8° Januatii,

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Glovers, Tawers, under fu<so Limitations and, Encouragements, as. may be DrefTtrs. Cutters, and Workers, of Leather, within the for the Honour, Interest, and Safety, at' the Govern-Townof Beverly in: the County of York, was- presented' ment, the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactury, to the Hoale, and read; setting forth, That notwith- Trade, and Navigation.

Handing the Petitioners are willing to pay the late Duty Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be of 15 I.per Cent, to the utmoftof their Capacities, yet they referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the are no longer able to pay the same, by reason of the Trade of England and; and bow to make the

Greatness of the Duty, and the Hardships put on them Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial, by the Collectors, because of the Intricacy and Striftness

of the said Act; which, unless remedied, will be ruinous An ingrossed Bill; from the Lords; intituled, An Act Undue to the Petitioners: And praying, That the said Duty to prevent undue Marriages of Infants; and for better Marriage* may be mitigated, and the Act explained. securing the Guardianfiiip of them; was, according to °Gnfant*.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Order, read the Third time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition- of And the Question being put, That the Bill, with: thej

the Aldefmen, Stewards, and Company, of Fellmongers, Lealher-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Whit-tawers and Glovers in andi about the City of Brisioll was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty of 115 Cent.. laid upon Alum and Oiled. Leather, hath caused a Stop to the Importation of all Sheep, Lamb, and Goat Skins, from Ireland; which are more fit for Gloves, than those of England, of which we have not sufficient to supply the Trade; which, must be then laid down; and many Thousand poor People, who lived comfortably thereby before the said Tax, must be maintained by their Pa-rithes; for that he that deals hi Irish Skins dressed pays 43 /. per Cent. Duties in England and Ireland; and must tofe 15 /. per Cent, by such Leather: And prayiDg an Encouragement to the Importation of the said Skina from Ireland, by taking off the said late Ditty of 1,5 I. perCcnt. thereon.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company, of Felbnongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, ia referred: And that they do examine the M after thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein* to the House.

Amendment, do pals;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to draw, up Preventing Reasons for difogreeing to the Third Amendment, made Correspon-by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act againstcor-responding with the late King James, and his Adherents, j^e«u‘K de> fit upon Monday Morning.

A Petition of Sir Bourchier Wray Baronet was1 pre- Privilege of fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir a Member Wm. Williams Baroneb, deceased, being leifed, in Fee, in 8 Sult-of divers Manors and Lands in Wales, deviled the same to the Petitioner's Father, deceased; Remainder to, the Petitioner, with other Remainders: But in March last, Arthur Owen Esquire* a Member of this House, with about Fifty others, took Pofluflion of Sin Williams House, called Vaenoll, by. Force, and took away several Deeds and Writings: But the Petitioner recovered by Law, and had Possession again till the 31st of December last; when. Mr. Oxcen, and several others, named by the Petition, forcibly took Possession.again.: And puayiDg,

That, in this Cafe, he may have no Privilege.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaahe have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, his Lady being very ill. Absence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to execute Judgments and Decrees Paved in a Cliause in the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the late Queen intituled*. An Act

for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales: And that Mr. Price and Mr. Baldwyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Hooper, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein named!, to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampfyld, during his Minority; and in case of his Death without Issue Male, during foe Minority of his Brother John Bampfyld: And the feme was

received.

A Petition of foe Sergemakers, Clothiers, Fullers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactury, in Taunton, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reason of the great Growth of the Woollen Manufactury in the great Demands they have for foe feme from Holland, New-England, and other Parts, which uledtohe supplied by England', the vast Numbers of our Workmen that go thither; the Cheapness of Wool and Provisions there, and the Decay of Trade here; they are able to under-fell the Petitioner at least 20 per Cent-; which, if not speedily remedied, will endanger the Loss of the Woollen Manufactures *0 this Kingdom: And praying, That the House will take into Consuleration the true State of the Nation, in relation to Ireland, and make such Provisions for mutual Trade between us and them,

Vol. XII.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Militia, his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to cause an Account of the Number of foe

Militia of this Kingdom to be laid before this House.

Ordered That Candles be brought iq. Candle*.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instruction. to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider for ther of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the Charge of the Guards and Garilbns for foe Year 1698, pursuant to the Vote of this House of foe 1 Lfo December last;

An Amendment was proposed to be made by leaving out " purfoant to the Vote of this House of the nfo " of December lalt"

And the Question being put, That those WordSi do Hand Part of the Question;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Colonel Granville, \

I ellers for the ¥ eas, Sir Onslow,e > '

Tellers for the Noes Lot&Con

tenets for me lNoes,^Sir H:

Supply.

1164.

So it was resolved in foe Affirmative;

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of the Charge of the Guards and Gan Ions for foe Year 1698, pursuant to the Vote of this House, of foe 11 th Day of December last.

L And

8° — 10° Januarii. . 1697.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 10* die Januarii;

v.

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

,gTE P HE N Seignoret and Peter took the

Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturalization.

Baker's Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to vest in Sydenham Baker Gentleman an absolute Estate of Inheritance, in Fee-Simple, in a certain Rent, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon; and (ecu ring to John Baker Gentleman, and Henry Baker,

an Infant, his Son, Monies, in lieu of their Claim thereunto; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords; and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Duties on A Petition of the Cordwainers, Tanners, Curriers, Leather. Cardmakers, Glovers, and other Artificers working in Leather, within the Town and Parish of Leeds, in the West-Riding of the County of was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty of 15/. per Cent, lately laid upon Leather, hath not only proved a Detriment to all Artificers in Leather, but the Ruin of many Families: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken oft*.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers and Glovers, in the City of,

is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, wearing That Leave be given to hring in a Bill to reftram the Silks and Wearing of all wrought Silks, Bengals, Herba, and Stuffs printed Cal-mixed with Silk or Herba, of the Manufacture of Persia, , C0€S*

China, or East-Lidia; and all Callicoes, printed or stained out of this Kingdom;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te^for he Ycasf^*'. } 55.

Tellers for die No®|£}rr; P?rrey: } 37'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart and Mr. Blofcild do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Hammered Sir Richard Holford: Co*n>

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An A fit to prevent the further Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of this Kingdom; and for recoining such as is now in being; and for the making out new Exchequer- Bills, where the former Bills are, or shall be, filled up by In-dorfetnerits; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill to regulate and ascertain the Assize of Bread Assize of was read a Second time. Bread.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House, to Mr. Bofcawcn, Mr.

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Sir John Bol/es, Mr. Perry,

Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. M Mr. Gardner, Mr. Foley, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Morgan, Sir Fra.

Masham, Mr. Dolben, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Ashley, Sir

Henry Colt, Mr. Bulkley, Sit JVm.Honywood, Mr. York,

Sir John EUwell, Mr. Gcry, Sir JVm. St. Quint in, Mr.

Blofeitd, Mr. Methwin, Sir John BMr. Lowther,

Mr. Lowndes, Sir JVm. York, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Phi/lipps, Sir Henry Gough, Mr.

Thornhagh,; and all the Members that serve for London, Westminster, Surry, and Kent: And all that come

are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Four a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ditto. A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Fellowship, of the Company of Glovers, of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by means of the Duty laid on Alum-Leather, their Trade is much decayed; their Markets forestalled, by Commodities of foreign' Growth; and many of them are already reduced to great Hardships; and, if the said Duty be continued, it will unavoidably ruin their whole Trade: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company, of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Freserving Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Inclosurea. make the Statutes of Edward the Ift, and Edward the Vlth, against burning and destroying Inclosures, more effectual: And that Sir J St. Quintin and Sir Bolles do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Committee of Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Bolles,

Privileges. Mr. JVatlington, Sir John Phillipps, Sir

Mr. Yard, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Devereux, Mr. llamond, Mr. Monition, Mr. Henley, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Palmer,

Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Mr. Fleming, be added

to the Committee of Privileges and Elections.

A Petition of Francis Molyneux, in Custody of the Army Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented to Arrears, the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner's Accounts, as Agent to Duke Schombes Regiment, was audited in 1693, by Mr. Abbot; and there was then due to the Petitioner above 1,250/.; of which he hath since received but about 265/.: But upon Complaint last Session of Parliament against the Petitioner, by the Subaltern Officers, the Petitioner was ordered, by this House, to be prosecuted by the Attorney-General, and is ready to defend himself: And the former Complainants having made new Complaints to the said Duke, for Arrears, he has ordered Mr. D'Cardonnell, his Secretary, to re-audit

the Petitioner's Accounts-: In order to which, the Petitioner has delivered his Accounts to Mr. D'Cardonnell; and sent for his Book-keeper, Post, out of Yorkshire, who is come to assist in settling the said Accounts: And praying, That the House will so far consider his Cafe, that they will grant him his Liberty, subject to their further Order; that he may attend the adjusting his Accounts, before the said Mr. D'Cardonnell; or in any other Method, as the House shall think fit, lb that his Innocency may appear.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Mann. JVivell, Sir John Bolles,

Mr. Tankerd, Mr. Norris, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Chr. Muf-

grove, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Granville, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Bohtin, Mr.

Mountstevens,

Army

Arrears.

Supply.

Counter's, Sec. Imprisonment.

Preventing Correfpou-dence with late King James.

pW. III. 10° Januarii. 39

Mountsteoens, Sir Tho. DykeColonel Mr. Ki-

naston, Mr. Cary, Sir IVm. H Sir Jof. Mr. Mountague, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Afeough,

Mr. Aislaby, Dr. Oxenden, Lord Norris, Mr. Colt, Mr. Harrison, Sir Cha. WindhamSir JVm. Hustler, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Gery, Mr. Gardner, Colonel Dierly,

Mr. Thompson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Four of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Molyneux be discharged out of Custody, according to his Petition, in order to attend the said Committee; paying his Fees.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Subaltern Officers and Troopers of his Grace the Duke of Sconberg and Leinster's Regiment of Horle, presented to the House on Friday last, be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Katherine Lovelace, Administratrix to her Son-in-law, Captain Peircywas presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Mr. Richard Homage, Agent to the Marquis of Carmarthen's Regiment of Marines, refuseth to pay the Petitioner what is due to her, for her laid Intestates Pay; notwithstanding the Resolutions of this House the last Session of Parliament; and an Order for the Attorney and Solicitor-General to prosecute him; And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Francis Molyneux is referred: And that they do examine

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Richard Hoi ford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty, with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William Williams reported from the Committee appointed to draw up Realbns, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to one of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act against corresponding with the late King James, and his. Adherents, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read, and agreed unto by the House: and are as follow', viz.

Amendment, 4th Skin, 22 Line, after "Treason" leave out to " and, " in the 29th Line.

This Amendment leaves out the whole Clause in that Part of the Bill.

Which Clause is in these Words following:

" And be it Declared and Enacted, by the Authority " aforesaid, That all and every Person and Persons,

" who shall hereafter be accused, indicted, or prosecuted,

" for any thing made or declared Treason by this Act,

" shall be intitled to the Benefit of the Act of Parliament, made in the 7U1 Year of his now Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for regulating of Tryals in " Cafes of Treason, and Misprision of Treason."

This Bill being to create and make new Treasons, and to enact, Persons so offending, being lawfully convicted, to be adjudged guilty of High Treason, and to Vol. XII.

suffer and forfeit as in Cafes of High Treason, ought in Justice to secure, That all Persons who shall be accused, indicted, or prosecuted, upon this new Law, for High Treason, shall have the same Benefit of all just and equal Means for Defence of their Innocency, in these Cafes, which Offenders are to have in Cafes of High Treason, before the Making of this Law, by the Act for Regulating of Tryals in Cafes of Treason.

And to prevent and avoid Questions and Doubts that may happen to arise upon the Construction of this Law, in such Cases; The Commons are of Opinion, it is most safe, if not necessary, to continue in the Bill this declaratory Clause, that there may be no Occasion given, or Room left, for any Court or Minister of Justice, to raise such Doubts or Questions upon the Constructions of these respective Laws hereafter.

Theft are the Reasons and Inducements the House of Commons had for disagreeing to this Amendment.

Resolved, That a Conference bedefired with the Lords, upon the Subject-Matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Sir//7?;/. I do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Then the House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of* Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

And the same w as read; and is as followed);

At the End of the Bill add, Clause A; " Be it further " Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That all and " every Person or Persons who shall voluntarily come " in, and plainly detest any Plots or Contrivances fratning against his Majesty's Life or Person, shall have " the Protection of both Houses of Parliament, if a " Parliament be then fitting."

And the said Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships in the said Amendment.

And it is referred to Mr. Sloane, Sir John Dr.

Oxenden, Mr. Manly, Mr. Price, Sir Eliah Sir

Cha. Sidley, Mr. Gay an, Sir John Ernley, Mr. Cormcal-

lis, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bromley, Sir Davail, Mr. Nicholas, Lord Cutts, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Clark, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Blo-feild, Mr Norris, Mr . Rowney, Mr And they

are to meet this Afternoon, at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, proceed in the further Examination of the Matter touching the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Darby and Mr. in the

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, be brought to this House on Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Kir. Tayler, Mr. Counsellor

at Law, Mr. William Clayton, and Mr. do

attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Mojell, Mr. Henry Lloyd, and Mr. Baija. Levy, do attend this House upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir William Williams reported, That he having according to Order, been at the Lords to desire a Conference upon the Subject-Matter of the Amendments, maae by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act against corresponding with the late King James, and his Adherents, the Lords do agree to a Conference, immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the Reasons do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And,

Counter's, See. Imprisonment

False indorsing Exchequer Bills.

Preventing Correspondence with late King James.

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

40 10° — 11° Janu 1697.

And, being returned;

Sir William Williams reported, That the Managers had attended the Conference, and given the Lord^ the Rea-fohs for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and had left the Bill and Amendments with the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

than before the Duty; io that the Burden entirely falls on the Petitioners: And praying. That some speedy Relief may be given to their sinking Conditions.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred Jo the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather dressers, and Glovers, in the City of , is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Martis, 11* die Januarii; Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Stewards, Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the ancient Corporation of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners Trades being mean, and a Duty of 3 s. per Pound Value being lately laid upon Leather, it utterly ruins their Trades and Families: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Horsham, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Oil and Alum-Leather hath caused a great Decay of Trade; so that many poor People, who before got a competent Living, are now ready to perish for want of Work; and will fall to the Parish, if not speedily relieved: And praying. That the said Duty may be moderated, or taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners and Skinners of the Corporation of Rippon, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by a Clause in the late Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, all Leather shall be first brought to, and loid in, some open Fair or Market; and, when fold, the real Price thereof shall be registred; with the Number of Hides, Skins, and Pieces of Leather, under certain Penalties; so that, by reason of the Greatness of the Duty, and the Restraint of the said Act, the Manufacture of Leather is much impaired, and the Petitioners hindered from Sales in their Shops; whereby the Retail Trade is so much lessened; and the Petitioners are in great Danger of being ruined thereby: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, Thafthe Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners inhabiting in the Town and Borough of Chesterfield, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive it was intended by laying a Duty upon Leather, that all Persons should pay proportionably; but they find the contrary; for that they now fell their Leather at very little or no higher Prices,

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Maefacker'* for the Naturalization of Gerrard Maefacker, and others, &c* Nat-was 'read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gwyntt,

Sir Henry Colt, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Harvey, Mr.

White, Mr. Fleming, Sir Wm. AshurfiSir Robert -

det, Mr. Machell, Mr. Moore, Mr. Ash, Sir John Bolles,

Mr. Bridges, Sir Thomas Davall, Mr. Hungerford, Mr.

Bowyer, Mr. Turgis, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Foley, Lord Paw-let, Mr. Phillips, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir John Elwell,

Mr. Hammond, Sir Jof. Tily, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Tayler,

Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Gray, Mr. Colt, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Mazcdit, Sir Fra.

Maskam, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Perry, Mr. Blofeild: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to Bauipfyld'a make, renew and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Estate. Coppleston Warwick Bampfyld, during his Minority; and in case of his Death without Issue Male, during the Minority of his Brother John Bampfyld; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir -S'/. Andrew St. John have Leave to l-eave of go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being Abkncc* very ill.

A Petition of Susanrn Burton was presented to the The Wife of House, and read; praying, That this House would please'* Person in to grant Leave for her to resort to, and that a Servant i^vttogo8* might reside with, her Husband, Mr. Barth. Burton, in to her Huf-his Confinement in Nengate. band.

Ordered, That the said Mrs. Burton have Leave to resort to her Husband, and a Servant to reside with him, in Newgate.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Chief Medical at-Governor of the Tower had been with him this Morning, al '

and informed him, That Mr. John Knight was very ill; person ;n and desired. That his Doctor and Apothecary might have Custody. Leave to refbrt to him.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Knight's Doctor and Apothecary have Leave to resort to him in the Tower.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Day have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill. Absence.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Capital Bur- 7raje wjt|, geffes, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Barnstable Ireland, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since the Reduction of Ireland, many Persons well (killed in the Woollen Manufactures are gone and settled there; and have much improved that Trade, so that, by the abundant Plenty of that Kingdom, they can afford to fell those Commodities much cheaper than the English; which much lessens and may be ruin the Trade of England, and hinders the employing many Thousand poor People here: And praying,

That the House will take into Consideration the present Circumstances of this Kingdom, and the Kingdom of Ireland, in respect of the Woollen Manufactures, by providing so far towards the effectual Support of the Trade of this Kingdom, that the Irish Woollen Manufactures may not come cheaper to Foreigners than English, nor England fall into Decay by the flourishing Estate of Ireland,

25 Ordered,

Preventing Correspondence with late King James*

Preventing throwing Squibs, Sc.

Answer to Address*

Crists from the Crown.

A Person in Custody to be brought up.

Supply.

Timber in New Forest.

Knot's

Estate.

9 W, III. 1i0- — 12

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade of England and Ireland; and how to make the

Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not infill upon their Amendment, to which this. House hath disagreed, to the Bi|l, intituled, An Act against corresponding with the late King James, and hia Adherents.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Henry Dutton Colt reported from the Committee, t» whom tire Bill to prevent the Throw ing and Firing of Squibs, Serpents, and other Fireworks, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be pjgvolfed.

The Lord Ranelagh acquainted the House, That their Address having been presented to his Majesty, That he will pfeafe to cause an Account of the Number of the Militia of this Kingdom to be laid before this House, his Majesty had been pleased to give Order, That the Papers relating the reunto should be looked up and laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Secretary of the Treasury do lay before this House, an Account of all Grants, made since the 3d Hay of December 1696.

Ordered, That the Keeper of Newgate do bring Mr. Barth. Burton to this House Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-fqlved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon 7 Morn-

ing next, relblve itftlf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton: And that all Persons who were ordered to attend this Pay, jn relation thereunto, do then attend again.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 12* die Januarii;

Nano Gulielmi Tertji.

Prayers.

SIR John Bolles reported from the Committee, to

whom the Bill to enable the Trustees of William Knot Gentleman, and his Wife, to fell a Lease of Houses ha Bread-street, London, for Payment of Debts; and settle apother Estate, of better Value, in.lieu thereof; was Toe. XII.

Jmuarii. 41

committed; That they had made feme Amendments to the BUI; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Places and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be, ingossed.

Ordered, That the several Courts in Westminster-hall, the Clerks of the Peace for the Counties of and

Surry, and the Clerks of the Assize for the Home-Circuit, do, upon this Day Sevennight, present to this House, a Table of the several Fees, belonging to their several Courts and Offices, established in the Reign of Queen Elizabeth; and also a Table of such Fees as are now taken by them.

Ordered, That Mr. Anthony Morgan have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, his Lady being very ill.

A Petition of the Spanish - Leather-dreffers Inhabiting in the Borough of Southwark, and Places adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Commodities the Petitioners deal in pay a Duty upon Importation; which, with a Duty laid upon all Leather, has rendered their Trades insufficient to support their Families; and the Obligation they lie under of carrying their Goods to Market, is not only a great Grievance to the Petitioners, but a Damage to their Goods: And praying, That the late Duty upon Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Pettion be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fcllmongers, Leather-dreffers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Hachcell, and others, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Regiment lately commanded by Brigadier Villa's, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That since this House was pleased to address his Majesty, in the Petitioners Behalf, they have been at great Charges; and, notwithstanding the King's positive Orders for the Petitioners Relief, and several Reports of this House, yet they cannot get their Officers and Captains to settle and sign their Accounts, though the Petitioners are in a starving Condition for want of what is due to them: And praying the further Relief of this House.

Ordered, That the Cpnsideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Molineuw is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for rendering the Laws more effectual fqr preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Needlework, Point, and Cut-work was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Wrn. prake, Mr. Farrer, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Chflfe, Mr Sir John Ehccll, Mr. Cheney, Sir John Bolles, Sir Henry

Hubbart, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Freeman, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Duke, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Gardner, Sir I'ho. Day, Mr. Mr.

Poultney, Mr. Mountague, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Hedger, Mr,

Hamond, Mr. Monflon, Sir Henry Colt, Mr*

Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Norris; and all the Members that lerve for the Counties of Doffet, Somerset,

and Buckingham: And all that come to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

M Ordered,

Fees of Clerks of Peace.

Leave of Absence.

Duties on Leather.

Army

Arrears,

Importing

Bone-lace,

42

12* — 130 Jamarti.

A. 1607.

Salmon Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Preservadon* the Increase and Preservation of Salmon* and the Fry of Salmon, in the several Rivers of this Kingdom: And that Sir William Bowes, Sir Christopher and Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Javis, 13* die;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Air and

Calder

Navigation.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, Aldermen, Com- A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of mon-Council, Merchants, and others the Inhabitants, of Xjl for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of and his Estate, the Town of Leeds, in the West-Riding in the County of Successors, to lease the Manor-houl'e and Demesne lands

York, was presented to the House, and read; setting in Down in the Isle of Ely; and for confirming a forth, That the Borough of Leeds, and Town of IVake- Lease lately thereof made by the said Bishop; and for fold, are the principal Markets for the Northern Cloth, the clearing of the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapi-and are situate upon the Rivers Air and Colder; which dations there; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rivers have been viewed, and are found capable of being made navigable to the said Towns; which will very much redound to the great Improvement of Trade, and Benefit, not only to the Town of Leeds and JVakefeild, but

Bishop of Ely's Etlate

A Petition of the Tanners, Glovers, Skinners, and Dutie* oa other Artificers of the Leather-Trade, within the Borough Leather, also to all other Towns adjacent, and which are concerned of Warwick in the County of Warwick, was presented to in the Northern Cloth-Trade: And praying Leave to the House, and read: setting forth. That they find, by bring in a Bill for making the said Rivers navigable to the woful Experience, that the late Duty upon Leather will said Towns, at the Charge of such Persons as shall under- ruin the Petitioners Trades and Families; for that they take the lame. are forced, through the Scarcity of Money, to fell their

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, ac- Commodities 12 in the Pound cheaper than before cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the the Duty; And praying, That the said Duty may be Lord Fairfax and Sir William St. Quintin do prepare, taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Lea-ther-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred; And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to lease the Manor-house and Demesne-lands of

A Petition of the Cord wainers, or Shoemakers, within in the Me of Ely; and for confirming a Lease lately the Town of Beverly, in the County of York, was pre-thereof made by the said Bishop; and for the Clearing fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That out of of the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there: their great Duty to his Majesty, they have endeavoured To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. to pay the late heavy Duty of 15/. per Cent, upon Lea-And then the Messengers withdrew. ther; though with great Hardship, by reason great

, , _ , Quantities of Leather are daily transported ;and for that

discharLT Ordered, That Sir Edward Acton, in the Custody of the Collectors putHardships in collecting the said Duty,

from Custody. ! - J^,rms.attending this Hou.e, for absenting not intended as the Petitioners conceive: And praying

h" his Service in Parliament, be discharged out the Relief of the House in the Premises. of Custody, paying his Fees. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

r ,. , , be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

The House according to the Order of the Day pro- the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, ceeded in the further Examination of the Matter relating Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City 0

to the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills:

And Mr. Darby, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, was brought in to the Bar:

And the Charge against him was read: And he was examined touching the fame.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House

Ditto,

False indorsing Exchequer Bills*

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Company of Tanners in the ancient Boroughs of Bewdly and Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, and Places adjacent, was presented to the

Ditto.

again examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. John Brocket do attend this House immediately.

Then Mr. Burton and Mr. Marryott were brought in to the Bar together, and confronted.

And then they withdrew.

°: , V^arges mtherto relating to the aubicnptions for House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the

circulating Exchequer- Bills, and also an Account of what late Duty laid upon Leather> that Trade is much lessened; Exchequer- Bills are funk. and if the said Duty be continued, it will endanger the

Then Mr. Marryott was brought in to the Bar; and Loss of the Tanning Trade here several Tanners being

already gone, and others intending to go, into Ireland, where is no Imposition upon Leather: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, - Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; tag next, proceed in the further Examination of the Mat- and report the fame> with their Opinion therein, to the ter relating to the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills. House.

Ordered, That Mr. Barth. Burton be remanded to

the Prison of Newgate. A Petition of the Tanners and Curriers in and near

Ordered, That all Persons who attended this Day, in the City of Worcester was presented to the House, and relation to the Matter of the false Indorsement of Exche- read setting forth. That the Petitioners labour under quer- Bills, do attend again upon Tuesday Morning next. great Difficulties, by reason of the Duty upon Tanned Ordered, That Mr. Brockett and Mr. Bolt do attend Leather, so that their Trades, at present, seem to be at this House upon Tuesday Morning next. a full Stop; for that they usually fell their Goods upon

Trust, and roust pay the Kings Duty in ready Money;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow which very much lessens their small Stocks: And praying, Morning, Nine a Clock. That the said Duty may be taken off. Ordered,

Ditta

9 W. III.

13° — 140 Januarii.

43

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and^Company of Fellmongers, Lea- ther-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Preventing Mr. Monckton, according to Order, presented to the Corruption of House, a Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Juries: And June*. the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon . this £)ay Sevennight, in a full House, at Twelve a Clock.

Counter's, Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, appointed

fonment."* ^raw UP R®&lons to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for difegreeing to the Amendment made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of , and others, for the

late horrid Conspiracy to affaifinate the Person of his Sacred

Majesty,.....had drawn up the feme accordingly; and had directed him to report the feme to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said Bill, by adding Clause A at the End thereof.

lft, Because it is introduCfcive of a new general Law; whereas the Bill concerns particular Persons, who are notoriously criminal in having been engaged in a barbarous and traitorous Conspiracy to affaifinate his Majesty's Person; which has already been legally proved against several of their Fellow-Conspirators, who have been attainted, and executed; and, at their Execution, confeft the said Conspiracy.

2dly, Because the Clause is not only general, but uncertain, and capable of various Interpretations: And the Commons do not well know what is meant by the Protection of both Houses of Parliament; the Persons intended to have the Benefit thereof having the Protection of the King, and the Laws, cannot, as the Commons conceive, need any other.

Conference Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords defied with upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Lords. Ordered, That Mr. Clark do go to the Lords, and

desire the said Conference.

Mr. Edward Harley, and Mr. Tho. Foley junior do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bringing prevent the bringing or carrying over poor People in £°°f " Packet-Boats: And that Sir Tho. and Sir Tho-

mas Middleton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to lower interest of the Interest of Money: And that Sir John Bolles and Money. Dr. Barbon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Lafcells'

Estate.

Counter's, Ac. Imprisonment.

Conference with Lords.

Suit In he

feid by sight.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Rebecca Lafcells, Widow, to fell Copyhold Lands and Houses in Ealing in the County of Middle fear: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Clark reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of their Amendment made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of # Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to affaifinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty, the Lords do agree to a Conference immediately, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the said Reasons do manage the Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Clark reported,. That they had given the Lords the Reasons for difegreeing to the said Amendment; and had left the Bill, and Amendment with their Lordships.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to oblige all Retailers of Salt to fell by Weight: And that \ Oh.XII.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Counter's,

Sir John Hoskyns: &c. Impri-

M. Speaker, fonment'

The Lords do not infill upon their Amendment to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to affaifinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, Army Efti-of tire fell Ordinary for the Ordnance for Guards and "ate*. Garisons, in time of Peace.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of the extraordinary Charge of the Ordnance for G uards and Garisons, for the Year 1698.

A Petition of William James, of Ightham in the Privilege of County of Kent, Esquire, was presented to the House; 'suejber in And the same relating to Sir Francis Wyndham Baronet, a Member of this House; who not being in the House:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Saturday Morning next: And that Sir Francis Wyndham do then attend in his Place; and the Petition be then read.

The House according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply, lolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit Again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneiis, 14* die Januarii Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR, Baldwyn, according to Order, presented to Executing

the House, a Bill to execute Judgments and Judgment* in Decrees saved in a Clause in the Statute made in the Wales, iff Year of the Reign of his present Majesty, and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales:And the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read the Second time.

A Petition of several Fellmongers, Skinners, Glovers, Duties on

Drefiers, Leather,

Assize of

Bread.

Army

Arrears.

Information of a person in custody being ill used«

Laflel's

Estate.

Committees*

Report concerning a person in custody being ill used.

Colchester

Chanel.

Trade with Ireland.

Woollen Manufacture.

44 14* Januarii. Jt. 1697.

Drefletsr, and Tawers of Leather, inhabiting in the Town of Tmcester in the County of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by a fete Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, no Leather is to be sold hot in open Fairs and Markets; and, by another Act of the same Session, for laying a Tax upon Land, &;c. all Traders and Dealers were to pay per Cent, aid valorem, for their Stocks; so that all the Petitioners Stocks have been liable to both the said Duties; and such of the Petitioners as dwell in Villages are debarred of felling their Wares at home; whereby they have loft the great Part of their Trades, and can no longer follow their Trades, being reduced to great Poverty: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, of the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Robert Btirdet, Sir John

Kay, Mr. MawAit, Sir Cha.IVindSir Alarm.

be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to regulate and ascertain the Assize of Bread is committed.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Mr. Brotherton,

Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Shad cerly, Mr. Blojicld, Sir Tho. Roberts, Dr. Barbon, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Pud-

fey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Molyneux is referred.

Mr. Speaker acquainting the House, That he had received Information, That Mr. William Knight, in the Gatehouse, was ill uled there;

Ordered, That Mr. Arnold and Mr. Perry do go and inquire into the Usage the said Mr. William Knight hath had in the Gatehouse.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Rebecca Lassells, Widow, to fell Copyhold Lands and Houses in Ealing in the County of was

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Bid was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Oath*

Sir John Hoskins:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to give further Time for the Administring of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders; and for the easier Diipatch of the publick Bufinefe in the Exchequer, and in the Bank of England without any Amendment And then the MefieDgers withdrew.

ing to Tallies, and Exchequer Bufintft*

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. , Deputy- Royal Affeat

Ulher of the Black Rod: to Bill*.

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That lib Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Four publick Bills, and One private BUI; viz.

An Act to prevent the further Currency of any hammered Silver Coin of thb Kingdom; and for recoining such as is now in being;, and for the making out oew Exchequer- Bills, where the former Bills arc, or shall be, filled up by Indorsements.

An Act against corresponding with the late King , and his Adherents.

An Act for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Coafpiracy to afiash-nate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

An Act to give further Time for the Administring of Oaths relating to Tallies and Orders; and for the easier Dispatch of publick Business in the Exchequer, and in the Bank of England.

An Act forveftingin Sydenham Baker Gentleman an absolute Estate of Inheritance, in Fee-simple, in a certain Rent, Mefiiiages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Devon; and securing to John Baker Gentleman, and Henry Baker, an Infant, hb Son, Monies in lieu of their Claims thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Mr. Arnold reported, That he and Mr. Perry had been to inquire into the Usage of Mr. WillianfKnight , and That they do not find any Occasion of Complaint by him; but that he desires he may have a Servant with him.

Ordered, That the said Mr. William Knight have Leave to have a Servant to reside with him in the Gatehouse.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to cleanse, and make navigable, the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoo: And that Sir Isaac Rebonv, Sir Francis Masham, and Mr Whido prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade of England and Ireland', and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial; do fit de die

diem:

And that Sir Thomas Roberts, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Methwin, Mr. Foley, Mr. Granville, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Molesworth, Sir William Scawen, Mr. Smith, Mr.

Machell, Mr. Dolben, Sir Wm. Mr. Rozniey,

be added to the said Committee: And all that come have Voices.

Sir Edward Seymour, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufactures in England-, and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into Foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool into Foreign Parts*. And the same was received.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee which they haddirested him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding 350,000l. be granted to hb Majesty, for maintaining Guards and Garifens, for the Year 1698.

Resolved, That it b the Opinion of thb Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, which, together with the Funds already settled for that Purpose, shall be sufficient to answer and cancel all Exchequer- Bills issued, or to be issued, not exceeding 2,700,000l.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty, for the speedy paying and disbanding the Army.

The said several Resolutions, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in frxr Deducing the Discount upon Exchequer- Bills, and giving them a better .1

Currency: And that Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer "*

do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

A Petition of several Persons dwelling in and near the Timber» New Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented New Forest. to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peri- '*

tioners severally bold, from the Crown, divers Lands ly-

24 <ing ‘

Timber in >few Forest.

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

140 — 150 Janmni.

p W.III.

ing in and near New Forest; and they, and their Ancestors, have enjoyed Common of Pasture, Turbary, and Panage, in the said Forest; and to pay to the Crown divers Rents* and Services, for the same: That the Petitioners are informed there is a Bill depending in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton: And praying, That they may be heard against the Bill, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Smith reported from the said Committee, That the Commissioners of the Navy, and Mr. Ryly> had, according to Order, attended: And that the Committee had made some Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

tioners find, by said Experience, that the Duty upon Leather occasionsa great Loss of their Trades in general, to the Ruin of many poor Families whose whole Livelihood depended on the Leather-Trade, who now live upon the Charity of others, for want of Work: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of thfe said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmoilgers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, ii referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the Houlb.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers,' CordwainfcrS; Sadlers, Girdlers, Tawers, Glovers, and other Artificers occupying the Making, tlrhffiHg, and Cutting, of Leather, in the Town of Chippenham, and other adjacent Places, id the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; jetting forth, That, by reason of the great Duty upon Leather, the Petitioners are so impoverished, that, for the future, they are not able to carry on their Trades, nor provide for their Families; so that they are like to be utterly ruined, if not speedily relieved: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to ffft House.

Ml* M livll

Sabbali, 150 die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

P RATERS.

AP ETITI O N of the Glovers, Skinners, and Leather-dressers, in and near the ancient Borough of Tewksbury in the County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Collectors of the Duty upon Leather have denied the Liberty of felling any Leather, though the Duty be paid; most of the Pe-tioners dressing their own Leather; by which means a Third Part of their Trade is loft: And praying, That the Duty upon Alum-Leather, more especially, may be taken off; otherwise they mult: lay down their Trades.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Glovers, Curriers, Sadlers, Collar-makers, Leather-dressers, and others, who tan, taw, and dress Leather, in the Borough and Town of Andover in the County of Southampton, and other adjacent Places, with their Journeymen and Servants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the late Duty upon Leather, the Petitioners are not able to keep in Work One Third Part of the Journeymen and Servants they used to employ; whereby many are deprived of a Support for themselves and Families, and lie wholly on the Charge of the Parish: And ing the Duty may be taken off. rdered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

k i . , ' ~ >» 11 ..... i;

Ordered, That Sir John Hanmer be at Liberty to withdraw his Petition touching the Election for the Town of Flint.

Ordered, That, upon the First Reading of every private Bill, a Time be appointed for a Second Reading thereof.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to lease the Manor-house and De-mesne-lands of Downham, in the Isle of Ely; and for confirming a Lease lately thereof made by the said Bishop; and for the Clearing of the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there; be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Thomas Marshall, William Rutland fe-nior, Thomas Jones, and Joseph Alder, and other Retailers of Bone-lace, Needle-work, Point-work, and Cut-work, in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importing of Foreign Bone-lace, N eedle-work, Point, and Cut-work; wherein such Difficulties and Discouragements are put upon the Petitioners, as will effectually restrain them from felling the best English 13one-lace and Needle-work, and thereby destroy the best Sorts of all those Manufactures now made in England: And praying, That they may be heard by Counsel before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon, before the said Committee, upon Tuesday next, when the Committee is to fit.

Ordered, That Mr. Howard and Mr. Whitaker be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Molyneux is referred.

A Petition of the Skinners and Glovers of the Town The House being informed, That Mr. Bridgman at-of Namptzcich in the County of Chester was presented tended, by his Majesty's Command, with the Papers re-to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Peti- latingto the Account of the Militia of this Kingdom;

Duties ob Leather,

Flint Elec tion.

Private B ills.

Bishop of Efy's Estate.

Importing

Bone-lace,

&c.

Arm/

Arrears.

Militia.

Woollen

Manufactures.

Grants from the Crown.

Preventing throwing Squibs, &c.

Vetting Interest in Judgments.

Supply Bill; Discount on Exchequer Bl!s»

Leave of Absence.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Seamen's

Arrears.

46 15* — 170 Jamarit. 4.1697.

He was called in; and presented to the House the said Papers by a List.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the ConGderation of the said Papers be referred to the Committee, who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to regulate the Militia, and to make them more useful.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufactures in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Wool, and Woollen Manufactures from ,into

Foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool; be read a Second time upon Morning next

Ordered, That the Account of the Grants made since the Third Day of December 1696, be laid before this House upon Monday Morning next

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Throwing and Firing of Squibs, Serpents, and other Fireworks, was read the ‘'Third time.

* Refotved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Throwing or Firing of Squibs, Serpents, and other Fireworks.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Dutton Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Pocklington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to vest the Interest of Judgments, and other Securities assigned, in the Assignees, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for reducing the Discount on Exchequer- Bills, and giving them a better Currency: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Archer have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Lady being very ill.

Sir Francis Windham attending in his Place, according to Order, the Petition of William James Esquire, pre-iented to the House on Thursday last, was read; setting forth. That the Petitioner has lately married Ann the Niece of the said Sir Francis; and that a Pension of 600l. is veiled in Trustees, for securing 4,000l. as the Marriage-Portion of the said. Arm: That Sir Francis Windham has possessed himself of the said Pension; and inlists on his Privilege: And praying, That the Petitioner may be at Liberty to proceed at Law, for Recovery of his said Wife's Portion, notwithstanding the said Sir Francis Windhams Privilege.

Whereupon, the said Sir Francis Windham declared, That he doth wave his Privilege, so that the Petitioner may proceed in Westminster-had against him, as he shall be advised.

A Petition of several Persons, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Officers, and Ships Companies of Seamen, belonging to the Newport, Hind Pink, Wren Pink, JEtna and RfezeFireships, and Portsmouth Prize, which were taken by the Enemy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were tried, and acquitted, as appears by Copies of their Courts Martial annexed to the Petition; and ought to have been paid off, according to Custom; but they can have no Relief for their Pay, though they have often applied to the Commissioners of the Admiralty; and though others,' who were taken by the Enemy at the same time with the Petitioners, and after, have received their Pay,: And the said Commissioners have ordered that no Men quartered upon the Gtin-decks shall be paid; lb, accordingly, they have since paid all Persons quartered in the Hold, and Officers Servants; and have left the Petitioners unpaid:

And praying the Consideration of the House, so as that they may be paid what is due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Littleton, Sir Phillip Bsutleri Sir Chr. Mufgrove, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Montague,

Sir Wm. Honytcood, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Pocklington

Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Bromley, Sir Shooed, Mr. Duke, Mr. Gery, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Btofeild, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Ebubell, Colonel Granville, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Smith,

Mr. Ryder, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Sir Herbert Crofts, Lord

Ranelagh, Mr. Trehrumey, Sir Tho. Tracell, Mr. Bof-cawen, Mr. Rodney, Mr. Dore, Mr. Bridges, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Wm. Scawen, Mr. DanieR,

Mr. Gwytm, Mr. How, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Trcdenham,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Hammond, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Gero. Etwes, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Hoar, Sir Robert Rich,

Sir Gods. Copley, Mr. Fox, Lord Sir Tho.

berts, Sir John Thor old, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Lee, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Foley, Sir William Drake, Sir Marm. IVvceU, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Colt, Sir John Bolles,

Sir Walter Yonge: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Monday next. Supply, at Twelve a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine a Clock.

Luna, 17* die Januarii;

Nono GulielmiTertii.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Estate* Successors, to lease the Manor-house and Demesne-lands of Doumham, in the Isle of Ely; and for confirming a Lease lately thereof made by the said Bishop; and for the Clearing of the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pocklington, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Hooper, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Vernon, Sir William Lmvther, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Dio. Roberts, Mr. Ashby,

Mr. How, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Slater, Mr. Brotherton,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. White, Mr. Vincent, Mr.

Thompson, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Mr.

Perry, Mr. Cooper, Mr. England, Mr. Hoare, Mr. gan, Mr. Blake, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Gery, Sir Math. Andreices, Mr. Newport,

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Venables, Mr. Vemey, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. How: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Foster Clerk, Mary Foster Widow, Bampsyld* John Stamp, and Katherine his Wife, Margaret Garrett, tate* Henry Farwell, Clerk, and Eliz. his Wife, Heirs at Law to Warwick Bampfyld Esquire, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampfyld, during his Minority; and, in case of his Death without Issue Male,

during

Importing Bone-lace, tic.

Laws concerning Robberies.

A Person to attend.

Preserving

loclosures.

Irish Arrears.

9W.III. if — I

during the Minority of his Brother John Bampfyld: In which Bill there is a Clause that comprehends, not only the Estate of Sir Coppleston's Father, but also the Estate of the said Petitioners Ancestor, for which there is a Cause

now depending in Chancery: And.....That the Bill

may not pass to exclude the Petitioners from the Estate of the said Mr. BampjylF, to which they have a Right as advised.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next; and the Petition be then read.

A Petition of several Shopkeepers, and Retailers of Bone-lace, 8$c. in and about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the Iloule, and read; setting forth, That, there being a Bill in the House for rendering more eft'ectual the Laws for preventing the Importing of Foreign Bone-lace, Needlework, Point, and Cut-work, the Petitioners conceive, That the effectual Prohibition of Foreign Bone-lace will much promote the Sale of English Bone-lace: And praying, That the said Bill may be made as effectual as may be, to answer the intended Prohibition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be thereupon heard Tomorrow, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for regulating and amending the Laws concerning Robberies on the Highways, and Hue and Cries: And that Mr. Woodroff,\ Mr. Bridges, Mr. Tilney, and Mr. Perry, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Edwards, Treasurer to the Trustees for circulating Exchequer- Bills, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Sir John Bolles, according to Order presented to the House a Bill to make the Statutes of Edward the First, and Edward the Sixth, against burning and destroying In~ closures, more effectual: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

8* Januarii' , 47

a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill for reducing the Discount on Exchequer- Bills, and giving them a better Currency, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they may make the same ^Penalty for false indorsing Exchequer- Bills, as there is for false indorsing Bank- Bills.

Ordered, That the Account of the Grants made since the Third Day of December 1696, be laid before this House Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of Thomas Oldershaw and John Williams, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Troopers who served in Colonel Langston's Regiment during the Wars of Ireland, and since incorporated into the several Regiments in Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Regiment being the First that went in to the King, at his Landing in the West, the King gave them a Months pay gratis; which Colonel Lang-ston afterwards stopped out of their Subsistence: That they served in reducing Ireland about Thirty Months; and did not receive above 23/. a Man, Subsistence; all the rest of their Pay being in the said Colonels Hands; who, tho' the King has ordered Payment,.refuseth to pay the Petitioners, or come to any Account with them: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Manley, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Brezver, Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Fogg, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Tregeagle, Mr. Alolyneiuv, Mr. Mountstexens, Mr. Vincent, Sir Tho. Baniardiston, Mr. Perry, Mr. Norris, Mr. Gardner, Sir Francis Masham, Sir John Phillips, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Vaughan, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Moor, Sir John Bucknall, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Colt, Mr. Crocker, Sir Fra. Wining ton. Sir Mann. JVivell, Sii John Robinson, Lord Coningsby, Mr. England, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Morgan: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five Vol. XII.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 18* die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Pra y e r s.

P ET IT IO N of several Owners of Glass-works in or near Stourbridge in Worcestershire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Duties on Glass-wares do lo lessen the Comlumption thereof, as to endanger the Loss of the said Manufa6hire, and Ruin of the Petitioners: And praying Consideration of the Premises, and Redress therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Henry Parker, Sir Math. Andrew9, Sir Henry Goodrich, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Bolles, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Sands, Lord Digby, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Hedger, Mr. York, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Aijlaby, Mr. Foley, Mr. Bohan, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Gery, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Phillips, Sir JVm. York, Mr. How, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Done, Mr. Rozcncy, Mr. White, Mr. Speak, Mr. JVatlington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

Call of the House.

Supply Bill; Discount on Exchequer Bills.

Grants from the Crown.

Supply.

Committees.

Duty on Glass.

Irish Arrears.

Knott's

Estate.

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

18" Jamarii. A. 1697.

A Petition of fereral Troopers of the Right Honourable the Earl of GaUway's Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they have considerable Sums due to them for their Irish Arrears: And the same were stated, and signed, by their Captains in 1692, and assigned'tobe paid at the Clearing of the said Regiment; but Mr. the Agent, hav-

ing received the Clearing, depies to pay the Petitioners their Due, though the said Earl has directed it: All which Matters were proved before a Committee, last Session; but the short Time they had to fit, did not bring the Matters to a Report: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Francis Motyneux is referred: And that they do examine

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill to enable the Trustees of JVtUiam

Knott, and his Wife, to fell a Lease of Houses in

street, London, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Trustees of Gen-

tleman, and his Wife, to fell a Lease of Houses in Bread-street, London, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Ettate, of better Value, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolhss do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Skinners, Glovers, Tanners, Shoemakers, Curriers, Leather-dressers, and other Artificers in Leather, w ithin the ancient Borousrh of Alnwick in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners live in the remotest Part of the Kingdom; and, by the late high Duty upon Alum and Salt-Leather, several of the Petitioners have been ruined, and forced to give over their Trades: And praying, That the House will find out fouie \Vay for their Redress.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Company, of Tanners, of the City of BristoU, together with the Tanners of Gloucestershire and Somersetshire, trading to that Market, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty laid upon Leather hath much discouraged the Tanning Trade in general; and will be a means to settle it in Ireland, who have long endeavoured to cope with us therein; and have now a greater Advantage, by continuing 5 /. per Cent. Part of that Duty, on Leather, when exported, but more especially on Calves Skins; wherein no Debenture being allowed, Foreign Markets are furnished either with the feme, or other Sorts of tanned Leather which answer their Ends, at much cheaper Rates than they can be shipped hence: And praying, That the House will take the feme into Consideration, so as to preserve the Tanning Trade to this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Fell-mongers, Skinners, and Glovers, within the several Boroughs of Bewdly and Kidderminster in the County of Worcester, and the adjacent Parts, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty laid upon Leather proves so very heavy, that,

in case it be not either taken off, or in' feme measure abated, it will, in a ftiort time, not only be the Impo-verkhing of the Petitioners, but the Ruin of the Leather-Trade in general: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leathers-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, Leather-dressers* Duties oa and others, Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of Leather. Barnstable in the County of Devon, trading in Leather, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, before the Duties laid upon Leather, the Trades of the Petitioners were grown lb very bad, that they could hardly maintain themselves and Families thereby; but, since, it is much worfc with them, they fearing to be quite undone: And praying, That feme Expedient may be found out to ease them of the said Duty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers^ Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Glovers, Tanners, Curriers, Fell- Ditto, mongers, Makers, Dressers, and Workers of Leather, within the Tow n of Great Torrington in the County of Devon, and Places thereunto adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been great Sufferers by the Duty upon Leather; which if not taken off, they mutt abandon their Employments in the Leather-Trade, to the Decay of the same in those Parts, and the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families: And praying Relief against the said Duty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-drcffers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, and others concerned in Ditto, the Leather-Trade, inhabiting in the City and County of Exon, and the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Duty laid upon Leather, the Leather-Trade of this Kingdom is very much diminished, and the Petitioners impoverished lo, that feme of them are forced "to lay down their Trades, to prevent their utter Ruin; and great Numbers of poor People, who had their Dependence on the said Trade, are like to come to the Parish for Subsistence: And praying Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stew ards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Complaint being made to this House, That Mr. Privilege — Dyer, News-Letter-Writer, had, in his News-Letters sent Publication to Bristol, and other Places, presumed to intermeddle ,>roteed* with the Proceedings of this House; one of which was mss" produced, dated the nth Instant, and read;

Ordered, That no News-Letter-Writers do, in their Letters, or other Papers that they disperse, prefeme to intermeddle with the Debates, or any other Proceedings, of this House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Dyer do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Grants from

House l^ie ^rovvu-

9 W. III. 18* Januaril 49

House an Account of the Grants made since the 3d Day of December 1696.

And the same was read; and is as followeth;

December 1696. A Grant to the Duke of and the Heirs Males of his Body, of 4,000 out of the Revenue of the Poit-Office, till his Majesty shall pay 100,000l. to purchase Land to be settled in the Family of the Duke his Father.

A Grant to Richard Owen, of 698/. 14$. 9 d. and 282/. 10 5. ioi d.,owing upon old Custom-house Bonds

of Richard Richards.

A Grant to John Baber and George JVatfon, of divers Shares in the Bank, and other Personal Estate, of James de la Bretoniere and Francis la Pairstone, bequeathed to alien Enemies.

February 1696. A privy-Seal, That shall

remain in the Possession of the Lord Chancellor, during his Custody of the Great Seal, free from all Rents and Payments whatsoever for the same to his Majesty.

His Majesty, having granted to John Agar, in Trust for the Earl of Torringlon, and his Heirs, the Site of Oatland's-house, and the Chambers in Serjeants-Inn, Fleet-street, forfeited by Sir Edward Herbert, doth direct the Tenants of the Premises to pay the Arrears of Rent to the said Earl.

A Confirmation to Mr. Thomas Neale, of the Place of Commissioner or Chief Officer of the Transfer-Office, with 6001, per Annum, to continue for 16 Years, granted by the Salt-Act; and 1,200l. per Annum for himself, Office, Deputies, and Clerks, to continue only during his Majesty's Pleasure.

A Grant to Mathew Weston, nominated by Edward Viscount Cornbury, of derelict Lands in or near Selfey, and Pagham, Com' Sussex; and in or near the little Island called Hayling, and the Parishes of Failey and Wimmering, Com' Southampton', found by a Commission; for 61 Years, at the Rent of 4/. per Annum.

March 16g-f. A Grant to Antony Hendley, of a Pension of 1,000l. per Annum, for 21 Years from 1696,

out of the Tenths of York, Exeter, Winchester, Lincoln, and Sarum; and of another Annuity, or Pension, of 1,000l. per Annum, for 99 Years, if Elis. Daughter of Robert Earle of Sunderland, and Wife of Macarty, commonly called Earl of Clan'carty, shall lb long live.

A Grant and Confirmation to Rebecca Viscountels Falkland, and her Heirs, of the Manor of Great Tew,

O.ron, and of all other the Lands, and Estate Real and Personal. which belonged to Anthony Lord Viscount Falkland; and of all his Majesty's Interest therein, by reason of any Monies which the said Viscount did receive, as formerly Treasurer of the Navy.

A Grant to Barbara Stephens Widow, 4,549 / o s. 3 which was due from Wm.P formerly Remem-

brancer ..... First fruits and Tenths, with the Aid of the Exchequer, for Recovery thereof: This was done, that Ihe might have the Aid of the King for Recovery of a Debt ow ing to her lei f.

A Grant to Thomas Earle Esquire, of a Bond entered into by James Grahme Esquire, for Payment of 2,364 w hereof 1,864/. 9$- remained due to the King, for Principal Money, at the time of this Grant.

April 1697. A Privy-Seal, for Sir to

have 50/. per Atmum, for the better Support of the Office

of Lieutenant of the Castle of Dover, from Michaelmas last during his Continuance in the said Office, out of the Rents of the Manor of Rygate, in Surry.

A Grant, in Consideration of 5,000 /. paid into the Exchequer, to Geo. Parker Esquire, of the Personal Estate of hFyke Parker, convicted of Murder.

A Grant to Richard Earl of Bellamont, and others, of all the Goods of Pirates, which have been, or shall be, taken in America by the Adventure Gaily, whereof Captain William Kidd was Commander.

A Grant to Thonuis Freke Esquire, and his Heirs for ever, for 100 /. paid into the Exchequer, of a Piece of Ground, and the Edifice thereon built, at Saint James's, at the Rent of 6 s.8 d. per Annum.

Vol. XII.

A Grant to Thomas Coningsby, of the Site or Dcmefnes Grants from of the late Cell or Priory of Alvecote, and the Manor of tie Cfjwir. Shuttington, and several Closes, Messuages, Rents, Lands,-and Hereditaments, in the Counties of and

Stafford, and the Reversions thereof; habend' to him and his Heirs for ever, at 20 j. Rent per Annum, payable from the Decease of Katherine the Queen Dowager, in whole Jointure the Premises are; and her Trustees, after her Decease, or, with her Consent, during her Life-time, are to convey the Premises to the said Lord, and his Heirs 5 This Grant is made in lieu of some forfeited Estates in Ireland, which were intended him.

- A Grant to Joseph Jekyl, of the Manor of Rygate and Howleigh, Com' Surry; habendt to him and his Heirs for ever, at 65. 8 d.per Atmum Rent.

His Majesty signed a Warrant, authorizing the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to contract with Humphry Hetherington Esquire for as many Fee-Farm Rents remaining unfold, as amount to 800l. per Atmum.

And his Majesty signed another Warrant, for authorizing them to contract with Richard Adtiey Esquire for as many Fee-farm Rents, as amount to 700 /. per Annum.

And his Majesty signed another Warrant, for contracting with Samuel Newton Esquire for like Rents, to the Amount to 600l. per Annum; not yet conveyed.

And his Majesty signed another Warrant, for contracting with Henry Tyson Gentleman for the Purchase of like Rents, Com' Northumberland, to the Amount of 200 /. per Atmum; not yet conveyed.

A Grant to Demiis Colinge Esquire, of the yearly Rent of 500l. payable to his Majesty out of the New River Water brought from Chadwell and Amrell to London, with a reserved Rent of 3/. 6 s. 8 d. per Annum for the lame; habend' to him and his Heirs for ever.

A Lease to Thomas Pitt Esquire, for a Fine of 600l. of certain Houses in the Parish of St. Ann's, Westminster, for 99 Years, to commence from Michaelmas 1734, at the yearly Rent of 13 s.4 d.

A Grant to Charles Lord Cornwallis, of the Honour of Eye, with the Castle and Ground there, and Wood, and the Manor of Horam Comitis and Eye, the Site and Demesnes of St. Peter's in Eye, and the Manor of Stradbrook, Com' Suffolk; habend' to him and his Heirs for ever, at 105. per Annum Rent.

A Grant to George Booth Esquire, of a Pension of 600l. per Antmm, issuing out of the Tenths, for Seven Years from Christmas last.

The late King James the Second having granted to the Countess of Dorchester several Quit-rents in Ireland, amounting to 5,000l. per Atmum, for 99 Years, if lhe should so long live, at the yearly Rent of 1,500l. payable into the Exchequer in Ireland; out of which his Majesty lately granted to Trustees, for Dame Letitia Russel, 600l. per Annum, for 31 Years from Lady-day 1692; Now his Majesty is pleased to grant to Arnold Earl of Albemarle, and his Heirs for ever, all the said Quit-rents which were granted to the said Countess of Dorchester-, and the Rents, fifties, and Profits thereof.

A Iieleafe to the Executors and Administrators of Dr.

Groce, late Bishop of Chichester, of 304/. 135. 6\d. due from them for First fruits.

August 1697. A Grant to Sir William Courtney, and his Heirs, of a Court-leet, and other Franchises, at Houghton, Com' Devon.

A Lease to the Earl of Romney, of the Queen's House at Greenwich, and of the Park there, and Old Tilt-Yard, and the Queen's Garden at Greenwich, for 31 Years from the Date, at the Rent of 135. 4 per Annum; with a Clause of RealTumption, on paying to the Earl such Monies as he shall expend thereon, not exceeding 5,000l. to be ascertained by the Lord Treasurer, or Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being.

December 1697. A Grant to William Dockvrra Esquire, for continuing a Pension of 500 /. payable out of the Profits of the Peny-Post-Office, for Three Years, from summer 1697. In Consideration of his good Service in Inventing and Settling of the Business of the said Peny-Post-Oflice.

Q 12. January

50 18° Janttarii. A. 1697.

Grants from the Crown.

12 January 1697. A Warrant signed, importing a Grant to be passed under, the Great Seal of to

fVm. Earl of Portland, and his Heirs for ever, of the Reversion of all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, mentioned in a Constat thereunto annexed, Parcel of the Manor and Bailiwick of St. , in the County of

Middle far; tn Confide ration, that several Rents, which the Trustqes for Sale of Fee-farm Rents have conveyed to the said Earl, and his Heirs, do prove deficient or insolvent.

Abstracts of Letters, directed to their Excellencies the Lords Justices of Ireland.

16 December 1696. For releasing to Sir James well, who, in Reward of his Services let forth by the Lords Justices, held the forfeited Eftute of Dudley noil, in Custodiam, for 3 Years from the 26th of September 1696, at the Rent of 964/. 16 s. per Annum, so much of the said yearly Rent as exceeds the Quit-rehts and Crown-rents, payable to his Majesty out of that Estate, and the Arrears thereof; and exceeding 400l. per Annum, which his Majesty allows to Ann Bagnall, for Maintenance of her, and her Children; and 100 Annum to Sir Gercafe Clifton, towards Payment of a Debt owing to him; so that, during the said 3 Years, Sir James Caldwell should be liable only to the said Quit-rents, Crown-rents, 400l. per Annum, and 100l. per Annum, for the said Estate.

4th January 1696. For granting to Arthur and Joshua Dawson, reconi mended by the Lords Justices for their Services, as many forfeited Lands in Ireland as amount to the clear Value yearly of 2001, above all Incumbrances } habendl for 99 Years from the Date, rendering the old Quit-rents and Crown-rents only.

20th January 1696, For granting and confirming to Richard Gorges, and his Heirs, several Lands in;

which he possessed, pursuant to the Acts of Parliament, and Explanation on a Report of the Lords Justices.

27 Ditto. For paying to Earl of Rochfort,

as of his Majesty's free Gift, all such Rents or Sums of Money as are grown due to his Majesty for Little Croytos-tmcne, and other Lands, the Custody whereof was lately granted to Colonel Talmash, since. the Expiration of that Custodiam; and all the Rents and Profits thereof to grow due, till his Majesty's Pleasure be further signified; fav-ing the Quit-rents, and Crown-fents, and the Arrears thereof.

26 February 1696. For an additional Salary of 1,000l. per Annum to the Lord Chancellor Met hay n, to be placed in the Civil List of the Establishmenk

31st March 1697. For granting to Joost Earl of Albemarle, forfeited Estates in Ireland of the clear yearly Value of 2,000l. above Reprises; with a List of Lands annexed, amounting to 1,735/. os. 2'f per Annum, as Part of the said yearly Value.

Eodem die. For demifing to Eliz. Waruksford, bn her Surrender of a Pension of 200 /. per Annum, so many forfeited Lands as should amount to the clear yearly Value of 200 A for 3 Years from the Date of such Lease.

7th April 1697. For paying 5001, to Sir John Hely Speaker of the House of Peers, and .'500 A to Robert Rochford Esquire, Speaker of the House of Commons there, as his Majesty's free Gift; recommended by the Government there.

16 Ditto. For granting to Raylton Esquire several Judgments, forfeited to his Majesty in Ireland, whereupon the real Debts, mentioned in the Warrant, do amount to 11,388/. 8 s. 10 d.\on a Report of the Lords Justices, and the Attorney-General of Ireland,

19 Ditto. For granting to Alexander Steward, and his Heirs for ever, several Lands mentioned in an annexed Lift, amounting to the clear yearly Value of 2001.; on ia Report of the Lord CapelL, late Lord Deputy of in Reward for Services and Sufferings,

Eodem die, For an Augmentation of 50 A per Annum to the Salary of the Serjeant at Arms attending the Peers in Ireland; on an Address of the House of Peers.

Eodem die^ For a Custodiam, to Sir Charles Meredith, of a forfeited Piece of Ground in Oxmontowne, Dublin,

with a Chapel thereupon built for a Place of holy Worship for the French Protestants; habend' for 31 Yean from Lady-dent at 20 s. per Annum Rent.

20th April 1697. For granting to Sir Tho. sand his Heirs, his Majesty's Right of Redemption to the Lands of Redmund and Hugh Mulledy, which were

mortgaged to the said Sir Thomas, and forfeited by the Attainders of the said Redmund and Hugh; as also of the Lands of GaUanstawn, and all Right, Title, and Incumbrances thereon, for ever; upon a Report of the Lords Justices.

Eodem die. For granting to Sir Edward Byron such Parts or Parcels of Lands as are mentioned in a Schedule, of the clear yearly Value of 100 A above all Quit-rents; for 99 Years, from the Date.

Eodem die. For granting and releasing unto Sir Richard Pyne several Lands in the County of Cork and;

with Power for creating such as lie in the County of Cork into a Manor, with Liberty for holding Courts; on a Report of the Lords Justices.

21 April 1697. For releasing Isabella Countels of

Roscommon, and Thomas Carter, from 150 A ioj. due to his Majesty, for Rent of Lands, incurred during the Troubles.

Eodem die. For granting unto Jane Jones a Pension of 100 A per Annum, to be placed in the Civil List of the Establishment, and payable quarterly, from Lady-day then last past; during Pleasure.

Eodem die. For granting to Nehemiah Donnellan one full Fourth Part of certain forfeited Lands and Estates, in a Schedule specified, which be discovered to belong to his Majesty.

Eodem die. For a Pension of 60 A pet' Annum, to be paid to Ann Umfryes Widow, from Lady-day last during his Majesty's Pleasure, or such time as the find Ann shall continue a Widow.

23 April 1(197. For granting unto Maurice Annesley such and so many of the Debts, Judgments, Mortgages, and Incumbrances, in a Schedule annexed, and the Interest thereupon, as shall amount to 2,000l. over and above the Fourth Part due to him as a Discoverer; on a Report from the Chief Governors.

Eodem die. For granting to Thomas Pendergast Esquire, and his Heirs for ever, all the Estate, both Real and Personal, 6f Roger O Shagnassy, forfeited to his Majesty; rendering such Quk-fents and Crown-rents as were payable before the Forfeiture.

23 April (697. For granting ‘unto William Spencer, and his Heirs, the‘Estate Hugotin Spencer, outlawed for High Treason, to whom he is next Protestant Heir; on a Report of the Lords Justices.

Eodem die. For granting to William Earl of Rochford, and his Heirs, the Farm of Little Croynstowne, and other the Lands, passed in Custodiam to Daniel Wybrantz, in Trust-for Thomas Talmash Esquire, except such Lands, Part of the 'Premises as were before granted to Thomas Keigktley Esquire; at the ancient Quit and Crown-rents payable out of the fame.

Eodem die. For granting to William Viscount certain forfeited Estates, to the Value of 1,000l. An-rnm, over and above all Incumbrances and Quit-rents;

habencC for 21 Years from the Date; this Grant was made upon a Surrender of a Custodiam, before made to him, of certain Lands intended to be of that Value, but proved very deficient.

11 May 1697. For granting a Pension to Barry, of 100l. per Annum, during her natural Life; and to commence from Lady-day last.

Eodem die. For granting to Thomas Lord in Confederation of his good Services, an additional yearly Fee or Salary of 1,000l. which was before granted to Williatn Harbord, Esquire, as Vice-Treasurer of Ireland,

but mentioned to be excepted in the Grant of the said Office to the said Lord Comngsby, to commence from Lady-day 1697.

lift July 1697. For reieafing to Colonel Gusicnms Hamilton 180/. Rent, reserved upon a Custodiam of certain forfeited Lands granted to him.

15 September

Supply.

<jW. HI. 13° Jamarii. 51

15 September* 16$;. Foo d«roi$og to William Wolfeky

Esquire several forfeited Estates, which were beforq granted, in Custodiam, to him for 21 Years from the Pate of the Lease; rofemog the Quit and Crown-rents formerly payable out of the lame.

Modem die.For granting to Mofdecai Abbott, end his Heirs, several forfeited Lands in Ireland; reported by the Lords Justices to be of the clear yearly Value of 300l.; at the ancient Quit and Crown-rents payable for the fame.

Modem die. For discharging Sir Lawrence Parsons of 3051, is. gd.an Arrear of Quit-rent due from his Estate,

at or before Christmas 168$, when he was put out of Possession by the late Power.

15 Sept. 1697. For discharging Ann upon

Payment of 311, os. of d.into foe Treasury there, of 253/. 15s. 5k d.charged upon her Husband, as late

Colk61 or of the Excne in the County of Ross: This was done as a Matter of Equity.

Modem die. For granting to the Marquis of Puissar, and his Heirs for ever, several forfeited Estates, in the Schedule specified; reported by foe Lords Justices to be of the clear yearly Value of 600l.

Modem die. For granting to Frederick , and Mlis. Porter, Children of Sir Charles , and their

Heirs for ever, several forfeited Estates, specified in a List; reported by the Lords Justices to be of the clear yearly Value of 400 I.

Modem die. For granting to Joost Earl of

and his Heirs for ever, several forfeited Lands and Estates, specified in a List; which, after Deductions claimed to be made, amount to the clear yearly Value of 2,001/. »8s. g\d. and of all Arrears of Rent, and Melhe Profits of the Premises; rendering the ancient

Quit-rent and Crown-renta payable for foe fame: This Grants from was to make good his Grant, before directed* of 2,000l. the Crown, a Year.

Modem, die. Fpr granting to John Butcher certain Quit and Crown-rents in Queens County, amounting to 89- A 9 s. per Annum; habend' for 31 Years from Michaelmas yjoo.

Modem die. Fpr granting to John Leslie, DoCfcor io,

Divinity, for his Life, certain Lands, fjiecitied in a List; reported by th? Lords Justices to be 01 the yeaily Value of 400 /.; grounded upon an Address from the Parliament of Ireland; for his Losses in the War, and good Services.

8, November 1697. For granting to the Lord Viscount Woodstock, and his Heirs forever, all the forfeited Estate of Dormough late Earl of Clancarty; and all Arrears ot Itent, and Mefue Profits of the Premises, not answered to- his Majesty; rendering the ancient Quit and Cron n-Rents.

1st December 1697. For demiting to feve-

ral Lands, in a Schedule specified, forfeited to his Majesty by Dennis OBryan, for 27 Years to commence from the Date; at the ancient Quit and Crown-rents, and an increased Rent of 1 o /. per Annum, to make up the Value; upon a Report to the Lords Justices.

This, pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, bearing Date the J1 tb Inftunt. is humbly presented by Win. Lowndes.

Memorandum. The Grants parted within the Duchy of Lancaster, if there be any such, are unknown to me.

Mr. Lowndes also presented to the House, an Account of all Charges hitherto relating to the Subscriptions for circulating Exchequer- Bills; together with an Account of what Exchequer- Bills are funk.

‘ And foe same was read; and is as followeth; vis.

On the 1 ft Contmft, foe Sum of 431,450/. was subscribed, and actually' paid; for which the Subscribers received an Allowance at to /.per Cent. amounting to - -

On foe same Contract, the Subscribers were allowed 5 per Cent, per diem, for lute rest of 107,862 /. 10*. being one Fourth Part of foe feid Sum which they deposited, from 27 April 1097, unto the 6th August 1697,

amounting to

£. s. d.

43>H5 ——

d.

?,a6p

12 1

69,57 -----;

5L773 -

indufive, being 101 Days,

On the 2d Contract, the Sum of 695,170 /. was also subscribed, and ac-" tually paid; for which the Subscribers have received an Allowance, at l o per Cent, amounting to ——

On the 3d Contra^, there is subscribed, 517,720/.; and the First Pay-' ment thereof was called for on the loth lnstant: T his Subscription wail answer all the Bills hitherto brought into the Exchequer, when demanded, and more; and the Premium agreed for being likewise 10/. per Cent, it will, if the whole Sum be paid, amount to - - - - j

The Charge of Salaries to the Trustees, for managing of foe laid Sub-T scription-Money, is after the Rate of 400 /. per Annum to each of them 5 I ami will amount, for 9 Months, from the 27th April 1697, to the 27 > 4,315 — —

lnstant, 103,400l.; and the Sal aril's to all other the Officers under them 1 doth amount, for the same time, to 91 ,>/.; in both -J

And there has been also paid to the said Trustees, for defraying of incident Charges and Expences

And to several Artificers, for repairing and fitting up foe several Offices! for them, and their said Officers, the Sum of - - - J

The ' Bills-cancelled to this Day, do amount to Six hundred Sixty-three fooufend One hundred Fifty-eight Pounds. Wm. Lowndes.

I 166,703 13 1

300 —

425 6 3i

) 5,040 6 3i

£i7i,743 18 41

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House: And that the feme betoken into Consideration upon 1 Morning next

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Piaoe; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Vox.. XII.

That upon disbanding the Army, over and above what is due to them, there be allowed, by way of Bounty, 14 Days Subsistence to each Foot-Soldier and Non-commission Officer; and to eaeh Foot-Soldier, more, 3$. in lieu of his Sword, which he is to deliver up.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That upon disbanding the Army, over and above what is due to them, there be allowed, by way of Bounty, 6 Days full Pay to each private Trooper, and Non-Cona-million Officer, of the.Horse and Dragoons.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Sum of 250,000l. be allowed, upon Account, towards defraying the Charge of disbanding the private Troopers,

and

52 18° — 19

and Centinels, and Non-Commission Officers, of the Horse, Dragoons, and Foot.

Refobed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for giving Half-pay to the Commission Officers, his Majesty's natural-born Subjects of England, of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, disbanded, and to be disbanded, till the said Officers shall be fully paid off, and cleared, and be otherwise provided for.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House, of the Names of the Commission-Officers, his Majesty's natural-born Subjects of this Kingdom, who are to have Half-pay, in pursuance of the said Refblution.

Palfe indors- Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, ing Exche- proceeded in the further Examination of the Matter ^juer Bills, touching the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills:

And Mr. Bartholomew Burton, Mr. Marriott, and Mr. Crawford, were called in together; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Mr. John Brockett, Attorney and Solicitor for Mr. Marriott, attending, according to Order, was called in, and examined, touching a Note given to him, in Trust, for Mr. Marriott, by Mr. Bartholomew Burton and Mr. John Knight, the 1 ft Day of December last, for 2,000 /. payable upon Demand: Which Note he produced, and delivered in to the House.

And then withdrew.

The said Note being read;

Ordered, That the said Note be kept by the Clerk of this House until the further Order of this House.

Mr. Edwards, Treasurer to the Trustees for circulating Exchequer- Bills, attending, according to Order, was called in, and examined.

And then withdrew.

Mr. Taylor, another Officer to the said Trustees, attending, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Mr. Mofell and Mr. Lloyd, Two of Mr. Marriott's Clerks, attending, were called in, and examined.

And then withdrew'.

Mr. Bolt, attending, was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, proceed in the further Examination of the Matter touching the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Bartholomew Burton be remanded to the Prison of Newgate.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Burton, and all Persons who attended this Day, touching the Matter of false Indorsing of Exchequer Bills, do attend this House again,

- upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercarii, 19° die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Duties on A PETITION of the Leather-dressers and Parch-Leather. ii ment-makers, inhabiting in the Borough of Evesham in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by reaibn of the Tax upon Leather, and the Duty upon ail Parchment, the Petitioners are very great Sufferers, through Decay of Trade; and are very poor Men, having Wife and Children; and the Burden of the said Tax lying bard on them: And praying, That the said Duties may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is

22

3 Januarii. A. x 697.

referred: And that they do examine die Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Whit-Tawers, Glovers, Duties on and Tanners, within the Borough of Banbury in the Leather. County of O wn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners do find, by daily Experience, that the Duty laid upon Leather is, and will be, a Decay and Ruin of their several Trades: And praying,

That feme way may be found out for their speedy Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Cordwainers, Curriers, Sadlers, and Ditto. Tewers and Workers of Leather, within the Town of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the present Imposition upon Leather renders it scarce and dear; and the Petitioners are much prejudiced thereby, and reduced to great Exigencies, by being deprived of a great Part of their Employment, which fepported themselves and Families 1 And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Glovers, and others Ditto, as well inhabiting within the Borough of Reading in the County of Berks, as also the adjacent Parishes and Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Alum and Oiled-Leather, is a heavy Burden, which daily lies on the Petitioners Trades, and also on the Poor, who were employed therein, and who are now, for want of Work, become a Charge to the Parish; and the Petitioners themselves are very much impoverished by the said Duty: And praying, That the same may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Company of Skinners, Leather- Ditto, dressers, and Glovers, now inhabiting and residing within the County of Montgomery, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trades are mean, and but a bare Subsistence, being dispersed into many Hands; and the Petitioners having only a Trade amongst their Neighbours, the Imposition laid upon Leather has so decayed their Trades, that it is altnoft their Ruin; and many poor Families, depending on the Petitioners, will perish, if not relieved: And praying,

That feme Means may be found out to redrefe their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of divers Matters and Owners of Ships, be- Transport longing to the Town of Kingston upon Hull, which were Debt, employed as Transport-Ships, in the Year 1693, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Ships being so employed, being at London, and taken up

by

fitiffia Trade.

Weollen Ma-aufaAure.

Wearing Silks and printed Cal-

licoes.

Supply Bill;

Discount on

Exchequer Bills.

Registering

Deeds.

timber in New ForefL

9 W. lit. i 9* — 20'

by the Commissioners for Transportation, the Petitioners laid Ships were continued in that Service till they werfe dismissed, when there was, and (till is, a great Atrear of Pay due to them; which has put the Petitioners to great Streights for Money: And praying, That Consideration may be had of the Petitioners Debt

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the select Committee, to whom the several States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, are referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia: And that Sir William St. Quintin, Sir Henry Hobart, and Mr. Perry, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England, and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool; being presented to the House, with Penalties inserted therein, contrary to the Methods of the House; the same was, upon the Question, withdrawn; and another presented to the House, with Blanks for the Penalties.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to restrain the Wearing of all Wrought-Silks, Bengalis, Herba, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba of the Manufacture of Persia, China, and East* India; and all Callicoes printed or stained out of this Kingdom: And the feme was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for reducing the Discount on Eichequer- Bills, and giving them a better Currency.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported firotn the said Committee,

That they had goilc through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made To-mofro'w Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for registring Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances: And that Mr. Methwyn and Mr. Pelham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refuttied the Chair.

Mr. Smith reported from the said COirimittee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo i. XII.

Januarii. 5

Joins, 20° die januarii}

Nono Gulielmi TertiL

RrAyers.

A PETITION of the Fellmongers, Glovers, and Duties ori Leather-dressers, within the Borough of Richmond Leather, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Duty laid upon Sheep and Lambs Leather, the Market that the Petitioners keep , are become lb very low, that they can scarce take so much Money as will defray their Charges and Expences; and this Decay of Trade has brought the Petitioners into a very low Condition; and should the said Tax be continued, it will be foeir utter Ruin: And praying the same may be taken off*.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referrea to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Pagii, according to Order, presented to the House Poor Relief, a Bill to explain the Act, passed the iaft Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying feme Defects in the Laws for Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Rqfolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Turner's supplying a Defefit in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Estatei Edward Turner Knight, and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of 12,00 and Interest, upon their Estate.

A Complaint being made to the House, by Mr. Privilege. Tankard; a Member of this House, That Mr. Edward Morris, Mfaifter of Aldborough in the County of York, had intercepted Letters of the said Mr. Tankard's, which were sent by the Poll;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Morris be summoned to attend this House, upon Monday Come Fortnight, to answer the said Complaint

Ordered, That Sir Baxil Dixwell have Leave t6 go Leave 0 into the Country for Three Weeks, having been lately Absence. very ill.

Mr. Fox presented to the House an Account, touching Irish Arrears! the Matter of the Petition of Archibald Lazcrimer, and Jacob Smith, in behalf of themselves, and others the Soldiers under the Command of the late Colonel Robert Bierly, and Colonel Hugh Windham, in the Reducing of Ireland.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

In obedience to an Order of the 3d Instant, We do" humbly represent to this House, That the Pay-Office doth only keep a general Account between the King and each Regiment: And therefore it is impossible for us to give an Account of what is due to any particular Officer or Soldier; which the Captains of each Troop or Company can only do j And therefore it will be necessary, That the Colonel and Captains of the Regiment of Horse, commanded by Colonel Hugh Windham, to which Archibald Lawrimer, Jacob Smith, &c. your Petitioners, did belong,* be directed to state the Accounts of their respective Troops, in order to their being satisfied out of what remains (till due to clear the Regiment to the 1 ft of April 1692; which is the Sum of 1,478/. 16s. 6\d.

All which is most humbly submitted to the great Wifi-dom of this House.

January 18th,

1697.

P

Coningsby.

Cha.

54 20° Jdnuarii. A. 1697.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition and Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Olde and John Williams, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Troopers who served in Colonel Langstons Regiment during the Wars of Ireland, and since incorporated into several Regiments in Flanders, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; 4nd report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Irish Arrears* A Petition of the Men reduced out of the Right Honourable, the Earl of Arran's Regiment of Horse, in behalf of themselves, and several other Regiments of Light Horse, and the Right Honourable the Lord Dragoons, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they had their Horses taken from them in Flanders, without any Satisfaction, though they brought them in: That, ever since 1693, they have paid b per Day for mounting, except lait Campaign, and in 1694, when Nine Guilders a Man was allowed to him that brought his Horse into Garison in good Order: That d.a Day has been (topped out of their Subsistence all the time they were in Flanders, for Returns of Money; and they are not yet paid their Irish Arrears: That they have waited Nine Weeks, since their Arrival in expecting what is due to the Petitioners; the Disappointment whereof, has reduced many of them to w'ant Bread: And praying, That they may have Justice done them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Tho. Otdershaw and John Williams, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Troopers who served in Colonel Langstons Regiment during the Wars of Ireland, and since incorporated into several Regiments in Flanders, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Bampfylcft A Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to

Ertat*- make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir

Coppleston Warwick Bampfyeld, during his Minority; and

in case of his Death without Ilfue Male, during the Mi* nority of his Brother John Bampfyldwas read a Second time*

And the QueiUon being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfor theY^S^f },o.

Teller, fortoNoes,^;^. } *.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is committed to Mr. Hooper, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Palmer, Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr. Hobby,

Sir Fra.Masham, Mr. Harley, Sir Robert Sir

Wm. Drake, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Farrer, Sir John Mr. Drake, Lord Cast let on, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bofcawcn, Sir John Banks, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Freke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Henly, Mr. Smith, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Jekyll,

Mr. Crocker; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

And the Petition of John Forster Clerk, Mary Forster Widow, John Stamp, and Katherine his Wife, Margaret Garret, Henry farwell Clerk, and Eliz. his Wife, Heirs at Law to Warwick Bampfyld Esquire, deceased, which was presented to the House upon Monday last, and ordered to lie upon the Table till the said Bill was read the Second time, was again read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Receivers and Auditors of the Grants from Duchy of Lancaster do lay before this House an Account the Crown, of all Grants, since the 3d Day of December 1696, in that Duchy.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Constat annexed to a Warrant of the 12th of Ja~ nuary 1697, importing a Grant of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor and Bailiwick of St.James's, in the County of Midd; included in

the Account of Grants laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of a List, directed iu Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 15th of September 1697, for granting several forfeited Lands and Estates, specified therein, amounting to the clear yearly Value of 2,001 /. i8y. 9 included in the Account of Grants laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of a Schedule, annexed to Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 23d of April 1097, for granting unto Maurice Annesley Debts, Judgments, Mortgages, and Incumbrances therein mentioned, on a Report from the chief Governors; included in the said Account of Grants laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Schedule, mentioned in Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the lft of December 1697, for demifing to Thomas Cook several Lands forfeited to his Majesty; together with a Report of the Lords Justices, relating the reunto; included in the said Account of GrantB laid before this House.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Schedule, specified in a Letter to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 13th of September 1697, for granting to the Marquis of Puifar, and his Heirs, several forfeited Estates, therein specified; included in the said Account of Grants laid before this House.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of all Grants, made in England and Ireland, of Estates real and personal, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of all Gifts and Gratuities, since the said 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That there be laid before this House a Copy of the Warrant, mentioned in Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the iCthof April 1697, for granting to Thom. Raylton Esquire, several Judgments forfeited to his Majesty in Ireland, on a Report of the Lords Justices, and Mr. Attorney-General, of Ireland; together with the said Report; included in the said Account of Grants laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do lay before this House Copies of all Bills which have passed under the Great Seal of England, to be pasted into Afits of Parliament in Ireland, for Confirming of any Grants of forfeited Estates there.

Resolved, That this House w ill, upon Thursday Morning next, take into a Consideration the Accounts of Grants from the Crown, laid before tins House.

Sir Henry Goodrich presented to the House an Account Account*

of Monies received by the Treasurer and Paymaster to froni °rA-the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance, in the Years 1685, n<ince t*<6ce' 1686, 1687, and 1688: And also,

An Estimate of the Charge of the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance for Land-Service, for the Year 169S.

And the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

Tho

9 W. III. 20° Jatiuarii. 55

Q>

63,739

s. d.

75,692 8 6

97,2,11 8 7}

16,560 7 6

The Treasurer and Paymaster's Accounts of Monies received.

1685. Between the 30th June\

1684, and the 30th of June?

1685 * -J

1686. Between the 30thof Jonei

1685, and the 30th of June

1686 - - -J

1687. Between the 30th

1686, and the 30th of June

1687 - - - -I

1688. Between the30thoiJum\

1687, and the 30th June\ 100,001 6 4

1688 - - -J

Office of Ordnance, H. C. Mnfgrave, 17 January 1694.. Jon.

Memorandum. There was a Debt of above 60,060/. con-trafted by the Office of Ordnance, in the Reign of the late King James.

The said Estimate. s. d.

Allowances and Wagesto the Mailer General, principal Officers, Storekepers,

Clerks, Labourers, Gunners, Fire-maf-ters, Fire-workers, Bombardiers, §c. daily attendant and employed in the )

Office at the Tower, BerwickCarlisle,

Chatham, Gravesend, Jersey,

Ply moth, Portsmouth, Sheernesse, Til-

bury, Tinmouth, Upnor-Castle, for, & c.

Rents of Houses for Officers, Go-Y vemors, Store-keepers, Clerks, Labour- ers, fyc.; and of Store-houses in Good- 1 707 — . —

man's Fields, at Plyrtioth, Portsmouth, I Kinfale, &c. - J

Increase proposed, of EightEngineers,

Six Gentlemen of the Ordnance, Twelve Bombardiers, and Sixty Gunners Repairing Platforms, which are very defective, at most of the Forts, Castles, and Garisons, in England

Charge of Standing Carriages, 8$c. and repairing Defects of Carriages, at the said Forts, Cafdes, and Garisons Repairing the Barracks, Bridges,

Gates, See. at the said Forts, Castles, and Garilons -

Furnishing Beds, Bedsteads, and Shee ts, for the Barracks at the said Forts,

Castles, and Garisons; suppoiing but 5,000 Men to be quartered therein -.

Expence of Ladles, Sponges, Match,

Petty Emptions, and other Gunners Stores, and Flags, at the said Forts,

/ Castles, and Garisons -

Transporting Stores to and from the"] said Forts, Castles, Garisons, Sjc. for I furnishing them, and bringing away such as are defective and unserviceable, or otherwise

Incident Charges for Engineers to fur-'

,vey and make Draughts and Estimatesof necessary Repairs; and for Clerks, Labourers,^. to take Remains of Stores,) 2,000 — either for delivering them into the Custody of a new Officer, or otherwise, at the said Forts, Castles, and Garisons Repairing the Carriages of the Train1 for Guns, M or tar-pieces, SCc. now returning from Flanders-, as also Harness,

Pontoons, and all other Stores -Tents for 6,000 Foot, and 4,000 Horle Ammunition for Duty and Exercise ofj the said Foot and Horle -J

Repairing of about 30,000 Arms re-j turned, and to be returned, from the > 7,500

Forces already, and to be disbanded f

Vol. XII.

10,000 ——

3,000 —

1,500 ——

3,000 — —

3,325 ——

1,500 ——

Keeping clean and repairing Arms,| Armour, and other Stores - -J Wharfs, Breakers, SCc. for the De-1 fence and Security of the Fortifications > at Sheernesse -J

Stoving, repairing, and new-working,' of about 8,060 Barrels of Gunpowder already in Store, and to be returned ' from die Flanders Train -

Charge of Engineers lent to tire Plan-' tations; viz. Barbadoes, Jamaica, ward Islands, Bermudas, and New York The Charge of 500 Ton of Saltpetre,: which was always reckoned necessary to be in Store; of which there is now none; ‘ at 451, per Ton - -

£. s. d.

3.000 ——

2.000 ——

4,600 — —

1,405 5 —

22,500 ——

f. 99,570 12 6

Office of Ordnance, H. Goodrick, C. Musgrave

17 January 169-j. Jon. Ja.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account, and Estimate, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Juries be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

O

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That an Account be laid before this House of all Grants, made fmee the 29th Day of May 1660;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Teller, for the

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Secretary of the Treasury the said Account before this House.

J

I"

162.

do lay

Ordered, That there be laid before this House an Ab-straft of what Interest hath been allowed to the Cashiers of the Customs and Excise, since the Year 1670.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of what Warrants have been directed to the Auditor of the Imprest, for allowing any Interest or Discount of Tallies or Exchequer- Bills.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for reducing the Discount on Exchequer- Bills, and giving them a better Currency, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That no Broker shall deal for any Parliamentary Security, but such as are appointed by the Treasury:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up.

And the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ngrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered,

Preventing Corruption of Juries.

Grants from the Crown*

Cashiers of Customs, and Excise.

Discount on Tallies,

Supply Bill; Discount on Exchequer Bills.

Supply*

Buying and

felling

Offices.

Leave of Absence.

Committees,

Duties on Leather.

Ditto*

Laflells*

Matt.

Bishop of El/s Mate.

ao° — 21° Januarii. A. 1697.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices: And that Chlo-nel Wharton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. War sky have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occafiods.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

i* ... A. . ----- i — ----- ----- --- 1 "

Veneris, 21* die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi TertiL

h A V E R S.

A PETITION of the Tanners, Fellmongers, Lea-ther-dressers, Collar-makers, and others, the Dealers in, and'Manufacturers of, Leather in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Price of Leather has been sinking ever since the Duty laid thereon; and the Reason thereof arises from the ill Practices of Merchants, and others, who deal in Leather, and frill make the same Exports and Consumption, but deal not with the Petitioners, as usually; having found out other Persons, at other Places, who do dot pay tire high Duties imposed on the Petitioners^ to their very great Discouragement: And praying Relief, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Mercer and John Lyon, in behalf of themselves, and several others the Tanners, Glovers, Curriers, and Workers of Leather, in and about the Borough of Leoerpoole, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trade being mean and dispersed into many Hands, they acquire thereby but a. bate Subfifrence; and that, by reason of the Tax upon Leather, their Trades are greatly decayed, and they and their Families reduced to great Extremities: And praying a Commiseration of‘their Condition, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Rebecca Lassells Widow to fell Copyhold Lands and Houses in Ealing in the County of was

read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Montague, Sir Tho. Bamardiston, Mr. Bawyer, Mr. Whitaker,

Sir John Woolstenholtn, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Fra. Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Math. Andrewes, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hobby, Sir William Drake, Mr. Sir

Herbert Crofts, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Austen, Sir Ayf-cough. Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Wm. Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Vincent, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir John Duke, Mr. Clark, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hedger: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock* in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Pocklington reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to Lease the Manor-house and Demesne-lands of Downham, in the Isle of Ely; and for confirming a Lease *9

lately made by the said Bishop; and for clearing of the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there; was committed; That they had examined and considered the feme} and made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read} and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The BUI was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the said Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocklington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, with an Amendment: To which they aefire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Parish of Fend- Timber in ley, who have Right of Herbage, Panage, and Fuel, in N*w-Forest. the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners hold from the Crown divers I.ands, lying near the said Forest; to which they have enjoyed Common of Pafrure, Turbary, and Panage, in the said Forest i and do pay to the Crown divers Rents and Services for the same: That there is a Bill in the House depending for Increase and Preservation of Timber in the in the County of Southampton, which will take away the Petitioners ancient Privileges: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill, before the feme dopafe.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the inhabitants dwelling in and near the Ditto. New Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Ancestors, have, time out of mind, held divers Lands from the Crown; and enjoyed Common of Pafrure, Turbary, and Panage; and have performed divers Services to the Crown for the fame: But there is a Bill for Increase and Preservation of Timber in the said Forest, which will destroy the Petitioners said Rights, as was attempted by a like Bill about Four or Five Years since, to which the Petitioners being heard, that Bill was rejected: And praying the y be heard, to offer their Reasons against the said now Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said BUI is committed.

Another Petition of divers other of the Inhabitants Ditto, dwelling in and near the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House for Increase and Preservation of Timber in the said Forest; which will hinder the Petitioners from enjoying several Privileges in the said Forest; for which they pay certain Rents and Services to the Crown: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before it pase this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the Parish of Ditto.

Church, in the County of Southampton, who have Right of Herbage and Panage, and Fuel, in the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners, and their Predecessors, have, time out of mind, held and enjoyed the said Privileges, belonging, of Right, to their several Estates held of the Crown; for which they have constantly entered their Claims, and pay Quit-Rents to the Crown:

That the Petitioners understand, there is a Bill now depending in the House for Increase and Preservation of the.

Timber in the said Forest, which will exclude them from their feid Privileges, by inclosing the said Forest: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered,

fcfcapes of t Debtors*,

Vesey'Sj &c. Nat.

Woollen Ma-nnfadures.

Don Navigation.

Maefacker's,

&C.N&U

9 W. III.

21* — -22°

57

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Woodward, of Merchant)

was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Warden of the Fleet, notwithstanding the late Act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes, hath l'uifered Christopher Monk Esquire, charged in the Fleet, by the Petitioner, for 502/. 11 s. to escape j and the Petitioner is remediless at Law; for that the Office of the Fleet is settled in an Infant, and, by several cunning Conveyances, contrived since to evade the said Act, with Covenants to let Prisoners at large upon Pa- role; so that almost all the considerable Debtors are escaped; which tends to the Ruin of Trade and the Credit of the Nation: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petkion-be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir John

holme. Sir Henry Colt, Sir Phil. Butler, Sir Wvgan,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Ashby, Sir Jof. Tily, Mr. Gery, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Win. Honyword, Mr. Bowyer, Sir JjOwther, Sir Robert Davers, Sir John Sir Robert

Rich, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir

Crofts, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Austen, Mr. Colt, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Mountague, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Fork, Mr. Mr. Fuller:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Four a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize Dudley Vefey, an Infant, and others.

A Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufactures in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into Foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; was read the Firl't time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon 'Tuesday Morning next

Sir Godfrey Copley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to make the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, at the Charge of such as shall undertake the fame: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next.

" Henckell, Matthias Giefque, Walter Mar chant, Peter

" Rouviere."

L. 14. leave out the Word "her."

L. 15. leave out the Word "her."

L. 30. after " Standart" insert " Stephen,

" Peter Abraham Thuynman, Abraham Mat-

" thias Giefque, Walter Marchant, Peter Rouviere'

An. ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That no Person shall have any Benefit by the ACfc, that shall remove himself and Family out o i England:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

fSir John Ehvell, (Mr. Dawdeswell: } 65-

fMr. Manly, (Mr. Molesworth: }>79-

So it pasted in the Negative.

Another ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Persons naturalized to pay Aliens Duties, notwith- ftauding their Naturalization:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It pasted in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Preventing

Juries be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning. Corruption of

Junes.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply, fblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the l-ords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Gerrat'dMafeaand others, was

committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which -they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; vis.

PreJs 1 ft. L. 12. after the Word " insert

" Stephen Seignoret, Son of James Seignoret, and Susan " his Wife, born at Byon in France; Peter Abraham " Thuynman, Son of Abraham , and Mary

" Mareyanee his Wife, born at Haerlem in Holland;

" Abraham Henckell, Son of Tilman Henckell, and Elizabeth his Wife, born at Hamburgh; Matthias Giefque,

" Son of Matthias Giefque, and Giesberta his Wife, born " at Hamburgh; Walter Marchant, Son of Origine Marchant, and Caihcrina his Wife, born in Smima;

" Peter Rouviere, Son of Peter Rouviere, and Elis.

" his Wife, born at Florae in

L. 27. after the Name " Standart," insert "

" Seignoret, PeterAbvahamThuynman, Abraham Henckell,

" Matthias Giefque, Wutter Marchant, Peter

Pr. 2. L. 3. after the Name insert

" Stephen Seignoret, Peter Abraham Thuynman, Abraham Vo l. XU.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 22* die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Master, Wardens, and So- Duties on ciety of Tanners, within the City of Hereford, was Leather, presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, since a Duty has been laid upon Leather, the Petitioners have suffered very much in their Trade, by reason of the high Duties laid upon Leather: And praying Relief, and Encouragement in their Trade.

Ordered, '1'hat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Felllnongers,

Leather-drefiers, and Glovers, in the City of.....is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners of the Borough of - Ditto. zvich, Town of Bromsgrove, and Places adjacent, in the . County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and . read; setting forth, That the Duty laid upon Leather, and the Severity of the Officers in collecting it; the pay-

Q i

i)uties on Leather*

Duties *n Glals.

Poor Relief,

Mafeacker's, &c. Nut*

Exporting

Watches*

58 22® Jamarii: A. 1597.

log the 'Duty in Specie, and the Tfiift they give for their Goods; so much discourages their Trade, they mult df Necessity lay it down, unless the Hause will take off the said Duty: And praying Refieftherein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of die find Petition be referred to the ‘Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers,

Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of.....is

referred: And that they do examine tire Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sw ord-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver: And that Sir TkoMues Motnpesso*do prepare, and bring in, the BilL

An ingrossed Bill to vest the Interest of Judgments, Vetting lob* end other Securities, in the Affigoees, was read the Third rest m Judp time.

And the Questkm being put, That the Bill do pats;

It passed in the Negative, Nermne contradioente.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, to the Faneralof his Grandfather. Absence,

A Petition of several Tanners, of Share in the County of Berks, and adjacent Places, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That by reason of the great Duty upon Leather, the Price thereof is much fallen, and Trade difct>u<aged here; which occasions great Quantities of Leather to be sent from Ireland, whither our Workmen refttt for Employment; 1b that, in time, Ireland will have the whole Trade for Exportation, if the said Duty be continued: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be 'referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, 13 referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and re* port the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

*. A Petition of John Cole, and others, Makers of Glafe, and GWs-bottles, on behalf of themselves, and several Q.tjief poor Families in the City of was presented

to foe House, and read; setting forth, That the great Duties upon Glass has been and is a full Stop to that beneficial Manufacture; which has produced but small Advantage to the Crown, but hath occasioned the Impoverishment of many of the Petitioners, and brought them to live on the Charity of their respective Parishes: And praying, their mifenable Condition may be considered.

Urdei'cd, lhat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glafe-makers of the Town of Stourbridge i3 referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report foe feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill for explaining an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pagitt, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Fireman, Mr. Hoare, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Mr. Hedger, Mr.

Blqfeild, Mr. Harrison, Sir Edward Mr. Haw, Mr. Phillips, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Mr. Sands, Mr. Gardner,

Mr. CuUJw'd, Mr. Frewcn, Mr. White, Mr. York, Sir

Wm. Cooper, Mr. Chafe, Mr. Sir Henry Colt,

Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Sir John Elavil, Mr. Mountague, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Morgan, Sir Jof. Tily, Sir Lawther, Mr. Foley, Mr. Austin, Lord Digby, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Sam. Baruardislon, Mr. Fuller, Serjeant Bond: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Hegulating the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. Cooper, Mr. Colt, and Mr.

Edward Iiarley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, 'l hat it be <aa Inferuftion, That they do, in the said Bill, provide against Expences, in order to future Elections.

Ordered, That Mr. Hume, Mr. Cremer, Mr. Peters, Personfiim* Mr. Feme, Mr. Heme, Mr. Abbot, and Mr. Isles, be moned. summoned to attend this House immediately.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, Supply, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which the said Committee had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Sum of 407,000l. be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Aid of Three Shillings in the Pound, granted to his Majesty the last Session of Parliament

Refotved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee*

That the Sum of 940,000 /. be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Subsidies, and other Duties, granted to his Majesty, together with the Aid of Three Shilling? in the Pound, the last Session of Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sum of 129,000l. be granted to his Majesty, for making good the Deficiency of the Aid of One Shilling in the Pound, granted to his Majesty the last Session -of Parliament

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That It be an Instruction to the Committee Ways and of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Meaae. Supply to be granted to his Majesty, That they do consider of Ways and Means for making good the said Deficiencies, and disbanding the Army.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Million-Lot. of the Deficiency of the Provision made for Payment of t*ry Fund, the Sum of 280,000 /. due upon the Million-Lottery-Tickets, and several Annuities.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Gerrard Maefdcker, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with lorne Amendments: To which they desire their Lordfoips Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Act in the Seventh and Eighth Years of his Majesty's Reigfi, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting Watches,

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Preventing Juries be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning Corruption next. of Junes*

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the Faife indors-further Examination of the Matter relating to the false ing Exche-Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills: 1uer B*u*

And an Account of Money upon Excise; charged in May 1697, signed by Mr. Hume and Mr. Cremer, being prefenCed to the House j the feme was read; and is as followeth; vi*.

Excise

Candles.

A Member discharged frwn feastody.

Duties on Leather.

9 W. III.

34* — 24" Janttarii.

59

Palmes.

May 5. 8, »2.

19-

By Charles comb Esquire

Charged on several) Duties of Excise 'Charged, ut Charged, u

Bv Bartholomew 1 n,___,

Burton ESjulre / ChaI*ed'

‘Total by Mr. Duneomb Total by Mr. Burton -

iJowatd.

May 27. -28.

Carew.

]<^ged, utfir*

Charged, ut supra -- Charged, ut supra

The Tellers in their Bills do not insert the Naine of the Receiver-General of the Excise; though it be otherwise in the Customs.

As to the Payments in Mr. Palmes and Mr s

Offices, Mr. Peters and Mr. Feme are positive, That they were charged by the Receivers above-written;

In Mr. Howard's Office, the Clerks are not so certain; ‘ But, Mr. Duneomb having made no Payment in Mr. Palmes'sOffice after the 12th of May; and

Mr. Burtons FirltPayment being on the 19th ditto in that Office, and in Mr. s, on the 27*

ditto; it is most probable, that those of the 27th and 28 th of May, in Mr. Howard's, were also made by Mr. Burton; which may be cleared at the Excile-Office.

January22d, 97.

And Mr. Hume, Mr. Cretner, and Mr. Peters attending, according to Order;

They were called in i and examined to the feme.

And then they withdrew.

Then Mr. Peters was called in; and examined.

And then he witlidrew.

Then Mr. Feme was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then Mr. Hern was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then Mr. Isles w as called in; and examined;

And then he withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Candles be brought in; ‘

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned tUl Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 24* die Januarn;

Nono Gulielmi TertH.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Sir Ralph Ashton, in CufWy of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for absenting himself from his Service in Parliament, be dh-charged out of Custody, paying his fees.

A Petition of the Stewards and Brethem of the Company or Fellowship of Tawers, of Aluraed-Leather, and Glovers, within the Town and County of Newcastle upon Tyne, on the behalf of themselves, and others, was

Vo l.XII.

Money. Exchequer Bills.

c*

* 1)593 19 —

- 13 6 I s. d.

9 5 11 10,079 18 l|

- 5,776 14 2 6,628 4 l

10,402 13 — 16,708 2 2f

4,625 18 5 10,079 18 if

5)776 14 7 6)628 4 1

10,402 13 _ 16,708 2 2j

563 17 io| 2,229 3 8

3,^54 14 7!

; 72 10 Hi 6)i39 18 n|

£-14,893 16 5i 25,077 4 10

presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, by real bn of the Duty laid upon Tawed Leather, the Petfc tioners Trades are much lessened; and they Cannot no# carry on the fame, to get a living Profit; w hereby they are impoverished, and forced to receive Alms of their Parishes: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition' be referred to the Committee) to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dreffere, and Glovers, in the City of,

is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to tee.

House.

A Petition of the Tanners, within the Town of Becerly Duties on in the County of York, was presented to the House, and Leather, read; setting forth, That they are not able to subsist themselves and Families, by reason of the great Burdeh of a Duly laid upon Leather; which will endanger their utter Ruin: And praying the same may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Lea-ther-dreffere, and G lovers, in tee City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanness, Curriers, Shoemakers, and Ditto, others trading in Leather, Inhabitants of the Towns of Halifax, Huddersfield, Bradford, and other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they deal considerably in the Leuther-Trade; but through the Greatnefe of the Duty, and the many Abuses of the Collectors thereof, it hath so discouragod the said Trade, that it is in a manlier become useless:

And praying, That they may be heard, to make oat their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stew ards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dreflere, and Glovers, in tee City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to tee House.

A Petition of the disbanded Men o»t of the Right Army Honourable the Lord Stambuck's Regiment of Dutch Arrears. Horse was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is much Money due to tee Petitioners, for Cloathing; which they cannot get a State of from their Officers, nor Agent: And that they paid for their

Fire-

6o

24* — 25* Januarii. 'A. 1697.

Fire-Arms, now taken from them without any Satis-fafition: That as loon as their Officers receive the said Money, they will be gone to their several Posts in Holland; and the Petitioners will then never have One Peny thereof: And praying, That the Agent may account with, and pay, them for their Cloathing; with an Allowance for their Fire-Arms.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of 77/o. Oldcrshau', and John Williams, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Troopers who served in Colonel Langston & Regiment, during the Wars of Ireland, and fmee incorporated into several Regiments in Flanders, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter therer of; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

all Callicoes printed or framed out of this Kingdom ‘, was, according to Order, read the First time.

And die Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teiler, forth

Tellers for the Noes,{ ?*' } 2°5'

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the House be called, over upon To- Call of the mo.rrow Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not House* then attend be tent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.;

Dr. Langford Ordered, That Dr. Langford be desired to preach to preach on before this House, upon this Day Sevennight, the 31 ft 31st Jan. of January instant, at St. Margaret's Westminster: And that Sir Robert Dovers, and Mr. Bromley, do acquaint him therewith.

Spencer's Sir John Manwaring, according to Order, presented Estate. ^e House a Bill for Sale of Part of the Estate of

Edward and John Spencer, of Satighton in the County of Chester, Etquires, for Payment of Debts charged thereupon: And the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refotced, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

-A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Dr. Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

Bishop of The Lords have agreed to the Amendment made by Ely's Estate. this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to lease the Manor-house and Demesne-lands of Downham, in the . Isle of Ely; and for confirming a Lease lately thereof , - made by the said Bishop; and for the clearing the said

Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there. Also, GuiWs The Lords have agreed to foe Bill, intituled, An A fit Estate. to enable Sir Francis Guibon, and Dame his

Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manor of Avenalls, and other Lands, in or near in the County of

Norfolkand for settling other Lands, in lieu thereof; without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Salmon Sir William Bowes, according to Order, presented to

Preservation. the House a Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refotced, That the Bill be read a.....time, in a

full House, upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House willx Tomorrow Morning, False indors-proceed in the further Examination of the Matter touch- ing E£c.^e* ing the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills. ^uer 1

Ordered, That all such Persons as attended this House upon Saturday last,' touching the Matter of the false Indorsement ot Exchequer- Bills, do attend this House again Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, rl hat Air. Thomas Stent do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Prefgrove do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr, Edward Paun do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. John Powell, Merchant, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr, Alvarez de Costa do attend this House Tomorrow Morning; and bring with him an Account of Exchequer- Bills fold, by him.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply^ solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chaii*.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Refblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made To-motrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was direfited by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for providing for the Deficiencies, and for disbanding the Army.

Army A Petition of several Troopers of Major De la Fond's

rears. Troop, of Colonel Wind for s Regiment of Horse, now disbanded, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Major hath retained near 800 /. out of his Troop's Subsistence; and denies to make the Petitioners Satisfafition: He hath also retained several of their Horses, contrary to his Majesty's Special Orders: And praying the Justice of this House, for Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Subaltern Officers of his Grace the Duke of Schonberg and Leinsters Regiment of Horse is referred: And that

they do examine the Alatter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Rearing A Bill to restrain the Wearing of all Wrought Silks, printedCal- Beng11'8* Herba, and Stuffs mixed with Silk or Herba, licoes. of the Alanufafiture of Persia, China, or East India; and

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Afoming, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 25* die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

A Petition of the poor Working Glass-makers, in and Duties on about Stourbridge, in Worcestershire, was presented to Gldfs* the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Duties laid upon Glais-Wares, many of the Petitioners are reduced to that Poverty, that they are forced to live upon the Parish; and more must do the like, if the said Duties be continued; the Glass-masters

not

9 W. III.

2$°Januafii.

61

not being able to: carry on their TVades: And praying the before the Committee another Will, On tthidh Adminifr Relief of the House therein. ' tration was granted to them; and represented several

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Fa6ts relating to this Affair, referred to the Coitimittee, to whom the Petition of the That both Sides also were heard by their Courifel.

Glass-tnakers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred: And, the same being new, and very extraordinary, the

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- Committee directed a particular Report of the Fa6t to be;

Duties on Leather,

port the lame; with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Glovers, and others trading in leather, in the County of Essex, in behalf of themselves, and others of the same Occupations within the said County, was presented to the House, and read;' setting forthj That the general Decay of their Trade, and the great Impoverishment of great Numbers of them, is occasioned by the great Dufy upon Leather, and mult, in all Likelihood, end in the Ruin of the Petitioners, and their Families: And praying the Duty upon Leather may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

made, as it appeared to them upon Examination; with their Observations on the fame; and their Opinion upon the Whole; as followeth;

That, upon comparing the Petitition with the Notarial Act, the Petitioner appears to have been misinformed' in several Matters of Fact; for the Committee did observe. That there is not the least Mention, in the Notarial Act Of the 30th of March 1696, (which the Petitioner calls the last Will and Testament, in Writing, Of Sir

; and offers to prove it so) of any of the Legacies to Sir William's Relations, which the Petition suggests.

: And whereas it is alleged, That Administration was gi anted to the Relations, before the said Will could be

Aldermen! 'Sewards,'"end Corona",v""of 'FctaonWw'! re‘uroed njOroeef entered; the Com-

Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Cluster, is ml, Ke 1 ,l" '"‘1 <*"*

Ditto.

That the Relations had lent over a Commission to Spaine, to prove their Will; and got it executed there; and had it returned several Weeks before Administration was granted to them.

- That the Administration also appears to be cum testa-mento ame.ro; and not granted to the Relations, as next of Kin, as is suggested in the Petition.

That, as to the Notarial Act itself, the Committee

Tefey'i Nat.

referred: Arid that they do examine the Matter, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Fellmongers, Shoemakers,

Glovers, Leather-dressers, and Artificers of the Leather-Trade, within the Borough of Bodmyn in the County of v1Cornwall \was presented to the House, and read; setting observed, that it was an Instrument certified by a publick forth, That their Trades are generally carried on by Cre- Notary, but not signed by or with the Name of Sir dit; but the excessive Duty on Leather, which is paid Godolphin; and that the Tenor of it was, a Power given with ready Money, obstructs that general Credit with to Four Persons, whereof Three were Priests, named which their Trades were formerly carried on; and Peo- therein, to make and pass, after his Decease, his last pie discouraged to buy, by reason of the Decay of Trade: Will and Testament; expressing the rein, the Gifts, Lega-

And praying the Consideration of the House therein. cies, Foundations of Memories, good Works, Patronages, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be and other Dispositions which he had communicated" to referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the them; to be disposed of in such Manner and Form, as Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, should appear to them to be most requisite and convenient; Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester is adding Two other Persons to be joined with the former referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and re- Four in executing the Will which should be made after port the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. his death, by the Four, for the Good of his Soul; which

he declared his univerlal Heir; giving to every one of the Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the Six named in this Instrument a Legacy for himself and cer-House a Bill to naturalize Dudley Vesey, an Infant: And Sums for Malles, and other superstitiious Uses, to the the same was received. vr.i... ~ u. ~L~,~

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Saturday Morning next.

upon

General Naturalisation.

Dan Navigation.

given

to

That Leave be Naturalization.

It passed in the Negative.

bring in a Bill for a general

Godolphin'*

Will-

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Value, in the whole, of near 2,000 Pistoles; revoking, disannulling, and making void, all other Wills, Codicils Powers to makeWills, or any Dispositions, which he may have made heretofore, either byWord, Writing, or in any other Form; to the end they may have no Force nor A Motion being made, and the Question being put. Avail in any Court of Justice, or otherwise: And desiring,

‘ That this Power, and the Testament which should be

made by virtue thereof, be performed and executed as his last and determined Will.

That the Committee, taking notice that this Power ' referred to Instructions, asked Don for a Copy

of the Instructions given by Sir William Godolphin to his

T but were answered, That he had not seen any such Instructions: And being ordered to bring with him, at the next Meeting of the Committee, the Will which the Testamentario s had made after Sir William's Death, he brought them an Abstract of the Legacies and Dispositions therein; but did riot produce the whole Instrument, though he acknowledged the Abstract was made here, and not lent to him in that Form out of Spaine; but that it did agree in Substance with a Writing to that

A Bill to make the River Dun, in the County of , navigable, at the Charge of such as thall undertake the fame, was, according to the Order of the Day, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Travers reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Don Phillip de la , relating to the

Will of Sir William Godolphin, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and their Resolutions thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House: And which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee, at their First Meeting, received from the Petitioner a Spanish Copy of the Notarial Act of the 30th of March 1696, set forth in the Petition, as the last Will of Sir William Godolphin', and a Translation thereof in English; with a Procure to the said Don Phelipe to exhibit the fame.

That the Relations also of the said Sir William laid Vo I. XII.

Effect, remaining in the Hands of the Secretary to the Spanish Ambassador residing here: And being desired to get and produce that, he did, at the next Meeting.of the Committee, acquaint them, That he could not procure it That the Counsel for the Petitioner urged, That the Power to make a Will was good by the Laws of Spaine: That the Testamentario'shad made a Will pursuant to

that Power; and Legacies were given by them to Person* in England, and the Residue to the Poor: That they ought to have Liberty to prove their Will; but were obstructed by Privilege: Also/i hat the Instrument produced might be

R undeistood

6z 2s' Jamarii. A.i6<tr.

Oodolphin'* understood to be, act only a Power, but a Will in itfetf;

for that there were, Legacies, given therein: And that the Jfrmbtf in & Four Test amentario's, with the Two others nddedfoifoem. Suit were so foe Nature of Executors; and that, though; some Clauses therein might he wpid, according to ourJUtw, yet utile per mutilemn \vifiatur.

That the Counfol for the (Relations cited the Rule of Law, Famdtas testQnfti est jus per/enalmitmm, dfold voluntate ipsius; et atko ei adh&rtt, ut

non tit transmmibil'is fid :They admitted, That, by the Laws of Spain called leges Taurine, a Man might delegate this Power of making a Will; hut under certain Limitations, which are not found in the present same; lit. They must, for preventing Frauds, have particular Inftroftyons in Writing: Those are not produced foere; and the Testamentar'io s,always refused, to shewuoy such

to the Relations, though often demanded ,on their behalf in Spain, as appears by a Letter from Mr. ,the

English. Envoy there: In the next place, according to that Law of Spain, no Coramiflary, by virtue of fuqh a general delegated Power, could give above Ope fifth i of an Estate from the Family; but thftfe Testamentarios have given away-near Four-fifths, and left but, about One-fifth, which they could aptcotne at, being in England: 3dly, This Law is reltraiued indigenis Uispania; whereas Sir William Godolphin was, an Alien there; and, being a.Subject of England, could not, make his Will bqt according to the Laws of England.

That they urged, That, i in point of Law, one Man cannot make another's Will, nor. delegate, to another a Power of doing it; and cited Mr. Sivitiburris Authority, in these Words; "If the Testator should refer his Will " to the Will ofanother; as if he should say, I give thee " Leave and Authority to make my Will; and to make " Executors for me, whom thou wilt: If thereupon, tliou " didst make a Will in his Name; yet this Will is void " in Law; for, as thy SouLis not my Soul, so thy Will is " not my Will, nor thy Testament my Testament."

They did further insist, That if this Instrument of the 30th of March 1696, should be reckoned valid, as to the particular Dispositions therein specially mentioned, which do not amount to above 2,000 Piltoles; and as to the Revocation of all former Wills; yet this cannot be admitted to be the last Will of Sir William Godolphin, because it refers plainly to another Will to be made after his Death by the Four Testamentarios; which he declares, in this Instrument, shall be reckoned as his last: and determinate Will; and the Six Persons named in this Power were to execute the fame.

That they being limited as to their Legacies, if they were capable of taking any; or of being Executors, as foe Priests are not by our Law; yet they could be only Trustees as to the Residue, and that for the next of Kin, in this Gale; the making the Soul the Heir befog utterly void, and, of no Effect.

That the Committee bad also before them the Telfo-mentary. Disposition, declared by the said Sir dolphin, and, at the Defoe of Mr. Stanhope, foe English Epvoy at Madrid, repeated, writ down, read to, and approved of by him, some few Days before he died, in the Pretence of several Witnesses, who have been since duly sworn by Commifoon out of foe Prerogative-Court of Canterbury; on Return whereof, Admioistration, with foe said Testamentary Disposition annexed, was granted to Francis and Elizabeth Two of foe Legatees;

who are also the only Persons next of Kin, in equal Degree, to the said Sir William.

And the Committee took Notice, That this last Will stood by itself, and was independent on the Notarial A ft of the 30th of March, and Three Months after it; and that no Procure appeared to them to have been given for disturbing this Administration of foe Relations, till the 7th August 1697, when that produced by Don Phelipe bears date; befog Thirteen Months after Sir Williams Death, and Eight after Administration granted; arising, as it seemed to the Committee, from an Opinion of T>yo Civilian?, That that Notarial Act would be admitted a? a 22

Will here; which, foe "Committee were informed, would, in consequence, force foe Relatione loite&tt totfoeiPritifts in Spain for their Legacies.

That foe (Committee obfoiyed, Thathis left Disposition foewed he tfefoined his matora! Affection rfor his Earoily, as, for as he was permitted (to aftfreely; foe principal Legatees bring the only Ttwuiving Children of that Brother, whom Sir William left Executor, in a Will he made just before he went out of England; which Will was produced to the Committee.

That it was proved to the Committee, That when ope of Sir William's Relation?, whole low Circumitaoces bad been certified by foe Magistrates of Falmouth, where foe lived, had applied for some ‘Exhibition.out of that large Fund of Charities which was ljeft by him, foe received this foort Answer from the Test ament ario's, That foe was no Catljolick, and therefore it could be no Charity to give her any thine.

That the Committee were also informed, Tfoat the find Sir William Godolphin bad been bedrid fev.eral Weeks before the said Notarial Act was patted; and in that Condition was surrounded, and, in a manner, fubd.ued, by Priests, Jesuits, and Friars; so foat his own Nephew, who weqt from England to visit him, could be admitted but seldom to his rrefence: And he acquainted the Committee, That his Uncle told him, That the Priests were ready to tear him in Pieces for his Estate; so that foe Dispo-btion to foe Relations, of what foe then

iknew was in England, seemed to he but their Permission to let him aft freely for so much a? they did nqt hope to come at ofoerwife for themselves.

And that upon the whole Matter foeComraittee qame to the following Resolutions; viz.

Refolded, That it is foe Opinion of this Committee,

That the Notarial Act at Madrid, of the 30th of March

1696, for so much thereof as relates to aPower pretended to be given to Four Persons, foe rein named, to make Sir Wm. Godolphin's Will after his Death, is null and void.

Resolved, That it is foe Opinion of this Commi'iee,

That foe Expression tiled in foe said Notarial Act, of Sir William Godolphin s declaring his Soul his miiyerlal Heir, is void, and of no Effect, in our Law'.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Administration granted to the next Relations of Sir William Godol/ship, on a Will solemnly declared by him some few Days before his Death, in Presence of ,a competent Number of credible Witnesses duly sworn by Commission out of the Prerogative-Court of Canterbury, is well granted, and ought to have its full Effoft.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there is no reafou that Charles Godolphin Esquire, a Mem hereof this House, should wave his Privilege in tfos Cafe.

The said Resolutions, being sevenfoy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by foe House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the Three First of the said Resolutions: And foat Mr. Mr.

Bofcawen, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do prepare, ft*d bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Estate* given the better Discovery of Estates given to superstitious to superiii-Uses: And that Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Godolphin, and Mr. tiou* ^fes* Solicitor General, do prepare, and bring in, the Rill.

Mr. Foley, according to Order, presented to the House, Salt to b* a Bill to oblige all Retailers of salt to fell by Weight: sold by And foe same was received; and read the Firit time. Weight.

Ordered, That foe Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That foe Rill to encourage foe Woollen Ma- Woollen M*. nufacture in fmland; and to restrain the Exportation ,of udk&ure. Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into Foreign Part?; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wqol from England and Ireland; be re$d a Second time Tomorrow Monriqg.

Sir

.9 W. HI. 2 5°~2<r Jamarti. 63

JBvpplgr. fur Thomas LiOtktan, atoooowBng to >Order, wpofted, &om the CaoMoittee of the wbcfle House, who were tP consider further of the 'Supply to Jbe granted to iffe Afc-jesty; end of Way* and Means for providing for the ite-iliden cries, and difbaoding the Army; foe RefohirtiQus of (the said Committee; which they had dimmed him to xe-cport'to the House; and which he read in hi# PiUtce; and afterwards delivered in pt the Qerk's TaWe: Where sbhe ferae ware read; and are as follow; TV?-

ResolveeLpnd it iis ihe tf)pinioa thjp iCommittee,

That for the encouraging the speedy advancing -the Sum of 2 5 o,oqoi. by way LeaD, for the diOtoRdwtg the

Army; together with the Sum ,«f ffoo, oooo/. ftlraacjly encouraged to be advanced for the Use of the Fleet, and jather Exigencies, and iServioes hf the |Go,vqrjunent; there shall be Provision made for the railing and fetfsfyiag the jfeid Eight hundred and Fifty thouseod Pounds, with Jp-lereft, writhija the Year 1698,

Resolved, That at is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Time he allowed for purchasing the Annuities mentioned in the Act, intituled, An Act for enabling such Persons as have Etudes for life in Annuities, pey-ble by several former Acts therein mentioned, to pip-chafe and obtain further ctr snore certain Jute rafts in such Annuities; and in Default thereof, for admitting other Per-fous to purchase or obtain the fame, for railing Monies for carrying on the War again# Franc?.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed vmto by the House.

Ordered, That a Rill be brought ip upon the left Resolution: And that Air. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitqr-Ceneral, and Mr. Lowndes, dp prepare, and bring in, the Pill.

Supply Rill; An iuarofied Bill for reducing the DUcount on Ex-Ducount on chequer-Rj|)s, and giving them a better Currency, was E«hequer react^ Third time!

And a Debate ari&ag thereupon;

Reffeved, That the Debate be adjourned till Thursday Morning next.

the said Mr. Duncmb, by Letters or otherwise, nntil the further Order of this Hoqfe.

Or fend, That the said Mr. Duncomb be permitted tp have p Servant to attend him in the Tower.

Ordered, That the said Mr. do give in

Ahfwer apd Defence, iu Writing, upon Morning

next.

Offered, That Mr- Bartholomew Burton be remanded to the Prison of Newgate: And that Mr- Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Rejokoed, 7 hat this House will, upon Friday Morning next, proceed in the further Examination of the Matter touching the false I-ndorfeoie.pt of Exchequer- Bills: And that all Persons Who attended this Day, do then again attend this House*

Ordered, That Mr. Alvarez Costa and Mr. John de Costa do attepd this House upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Mereuriif 20* die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertij.

PitAYERfl.

A PETITION of the Company of Tanners of the Duties OT aV. ancient Town and County of the Town of Notting- Leather. ham, was presented to the House, and read; letting form.

That it is too tedious to relate the many Calamities their distressed Families are groaning under, occasioned by fee late Duty upon Leather; which has so reduced their Trades, that the Petitioners cannot live thereby: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Felimongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A&* relating Refoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, to Exchequer resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ' *c* consider of the several Acts relating to the Exchequer- Bills, and the Malt-Tickets.

False indors-in* Kxcl.e-quer Bills.

The House proceeded in the further Examination of the Matter touching the selfe Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills:

And Mr. Peters was called in; and further examined, touching the Charge of Money, and Exchequer- Bills, charged in Excise, in May 1697, pretexted to the House upon Saturday l»ft.

And then he withdrew'.

Also Mr. Prefgrace and Mr. Hem were called in; and examined.

And then they withdrew.

Candlw. Ordered, That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Then Mr. Pawed was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then. Mr. Stent was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Which Examination relating to Charles Duncomb Esquire, a Member of this House;

To which he being heard in his Place;

And then withdrawn;

Resolved, That Charfes Duncomb Esquire, a Member

of this House, having contrived and advised the making selfe Indorsements of Exchequer- Bills, and paid the same into the Receipt of Exchequer for Excise, although they had never passed through that Revenue, be, for the said Offence, committed Prisoner to his Majesty's Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Ordered, That no Petfbn be admitted to converse with Vo 1. XII.

A Petition of the Tanners and Cordwainers in the City Ditto, of Chester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are very feniible of a great Decay of their Trade, by reason of the heavy Duty upon Leather; jnfomuch that Oqe-Third of the Tawhuufes in.. . altout the said City are neglected, and the‘Petitioners reduced to great Streights for Subsistence: And praying the Coufi--deration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Felimongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the Cky of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesuien, and others, Crediton Inhabitants within and near the Town and Parish of Credi- Workhousts. ton, in the County of Devon, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Poor within the said Parish, who are Thousands, do daily multiply* and IdJe-ness and Debauchery increase, for w ant of a Workhouse to % such Poor at Work, and a sufficient Autlvority to compel them thereto: And praying. 'That (>eave may be -given to' bring in a Bill for erecting Hofjritals, or Work-houses, or Houses of Correction, in the said Parish; and for the better Governing thereof, and Relief of the Poor there.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Hooper do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Fullers, and Trade wljfc. divers other Trades, within the Town and Parish of 77- Iwfeid. verton, in the Cppnty of Devon, and Parts adjacent in fee said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, during the late Rebellion in Ireland,

vmj

6 4 $6° Januariu A. 1697.

many of the Poor of that Kingdom fled into the West of England, where they were put to work in the Woollen Manufactures, and learnt that Trade; and since the Re- duction of Inland, Endeavours are used to set up those Manufactures there; which,.‘if suffered, will not only endanger the Loss of that Trade to England, but will also lower the Price of Land and Wool here: And praying, That Care may be taken to preserve the Trade of the Woollen Manufactures entire to this Kingdom.

Order^di That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider the -Trade, of England and; and how to make the

Trade, of this Kingdom more beneficial.

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Weavers, and others concerned in, nnfaSure. and depending upon, the Manufacturing of Serges, within the Town of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, was presented to ,the House, and read; setting forth, That the making of Serges is the main Support of many People in those Parts, which lies under great Discouragements, by reason that Trade is set up in; and also by

the (hutting up of the Port of Exon, from whence they had their Wool; by means whereof, Ireland can considerably under-fell the Petitioners, who must consequently be ruined, if feme speedy Remedy be not provided: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said-Petition do lie upon the Table i until the Bill tp encourage the Woollen Manufacture in . Englaiul; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into- foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; shall be read a Second time.

Exporting A Petition of the Mayor, Recorder, and Common-Wool to Council, and other the Inhabitants, of the antient Town

Scotland. an£j borough of Ripon, in the West-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting; forth, That formerly there used to be a constant Market . twice a Week at Ripon, for buying and selling Wool, for the Conveniency of the Northern Clothiers; but of late the said Market is extremely lessened, and is in Danger to be loft, for that many People presume to carry their Wool into Scotland, to the Prejudice of the Northern Woollen Manulactory: And praying, That feme Course

may be taken to prevent the like Incpnveniences for the

future.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool: And that Sir John Kay, Mr. Mr. and

Mr. Brewer, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the several Inhabitants of Dua Ntvir

Woodhouse. Stamford, Thorne, Fish-Lake, and Syke-House, gation. all within the Manor of Hatfeild aforesaid, and County of York, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill brought into this House for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable,' at the Charge of such as shall undertake the fame; by placing several Locks and Sluices in the fame: And the Petitioners foreseeing the Damages that will befall them, they pray to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, and Citizens, of the City of Lincolne, with other Inhabitants therein, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the River Dun, in Yorkshire, is, in a great measure, navigable from Sheffield to Doncaster, and is capable of being made navigable to Rotherham; which, if effected, will be a publick Good and Advantage to all the adjacent Country: And praying, That a Bill, now before the House, for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, at the Charge of such as shall undertake the fame; may pals into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Petition of Francis Lafco Merchant, was presented Escapes of to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in D#btor*

Term Iaft, Sir John James,a Prisoner in the Fleet, was

charged in Execution for 1,400l. at the Petitioner's Suit, yet hath he escaped; and the Petitioner hath sued the Warden, and obtained Judgment against him; and moved for a Sequestration of the Profits of the Fleet; but is still remediless in the Recovery of his said Debt, by reason of feme Defects in the Act for Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition b« referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Woodward is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. '

The House being informed, That Mr. B&met, the Grants from Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster, attended; the Crown.

He was called in; and presented to the House an Account of the Grants in that Duchy, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

And then withdrew.

Rents referred.

£ d.

100 —

Then the said Account was read; and is as followeth; viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Grants made of Estates Real and Persona), since the 13th Day of February 1688, in his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, as well in the North as South Parts of the said Duchy.

Lancaster.

18 January 1689. There was granted to Tho. Preston, of Helker, in the County of

caster; Esquire, to hold from Lady-day then Iaft past for 21 Years, the Site of the late dissolved Monastery in Furrnes, and all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments thereunto belonging; and the Sheep-pasture called Rickby-Moor, and Mean-Moor; and the Rectories of Dalton, and Colt-Park, and Mills, and Hart-Park; and Lands called Hare-hill, Warehill, Greenhill, Worthwick, Mere-Meadow, and; and Park called

Sheep-Park; and the Farms called Wheat-Farms; and Dry Moulter-Rents, and the Iron Mills, and the I ifhery called Oyster-Fishery, and OJwick Tarn; and the Mayre in ringham; and the Handing Tarn; and Courts, and Profits of Courts, in , in the County of Lancaster ——

Monmouth.

11 September 1689. To William Powell, of Poolhall, in the County of Monmouth,'

Gentleman, from Lady-day then Iaft past for 31 Years, several Escheat Lands, in the County of Monmouth, within the Manors of White-Castle, Grofmont, and Skenfrith; and the Tolls of Fairs and Markets in Grofmont -

Middlesex.

31 July 1689. To the Earl of Portland, his Heirs and Assigns, several Messuages,

Lands, Tenements, Premises, heretofore Parcel of Enfeild Chace, within the Manor

Endfeild, in the County of Middlesex -....

Southampton.

26 November 1689. To Thomas Neal Esquire, from Lady-day then Iaft past for 30 1 Years, all those Rents of Assize of the Manor and Borough of Stockbridge, amounting > per AnmmXo 5/. lor. 11 d.- - - - - -J

Stafford.

es, 1

°-l

25 —

6 8

9 w. m.

i<5° Jahuarii.

Rents reserved.

£. s. d.

2 I —

3 4 2

636

2 2 —

37 15 — t

25 ——

6 8

Stafford.

26 March 1601. To Jo&ft WiU'mnfbn Gentleman, from the 7th of Decemler then next ensuing, for 36 Years and one Quarter, Fine paid 16A a Messuage in Newcastle under Line, and a Meadow called Hdtjkld -

Leicester.

11 March 169!. To Oliver Wadis Gentleman, from Michaelmas then h& pail, fori 31 Years, Fine paid 20/. a common Oven, without the Eall-Gate of the Town of Lei- > cester, and a Garden and Pigeon-house -J

Lancaster.

14 March 169*. To Edward Brereton Esquire, from Christmas then last pall, for 311.

Years, Fine paid 82/. 19 s.2d. all those Parcels of Land, Cottages, Encroachments, I Turbary-Marsh, and Waste-Lands in Penhulton - - . - - - -J

And all other Waste Lands and Encroachment, between Gidney-Brook and White-CrosseS Bank, and in Brundlath ----- --- - - -j

Stafford and Derby.

2d February 1692. To John Smth/m Gentleman, from Michaelmas then next, for 31

Years, Lands called the OUetts, alias the Clstts, near Okholme; and the great Fishing of J the Water of Dove, and of the Water called the Old Dove, as well in the County of Derby I as Stafford; and the Fishing of the Water of Scropton, in the County of Stafford and {

Derby, and in Bently-Brook ----- ----- J

Lancashire

29 April 1693. To Guiccardim Wentworth Esquire, a Discharge of an Arrear of 36/.I 13#. 4 d.for about 7 Years, ending at Michaelmas 1691. J

Monmouth.

24 June 1693. To Charles Marquis of Worcester, from then last past, for

30 Years and Three Quarters, Fine paid 61. 13 s. 4 divers Lands and Rents, Parcel of the Manor of Skenfrith and Groftmnt, and die Manor of Hadnock, and Fee-farm Rent of Hadnock Woods, and of Deephotme ——

Cumberland.

1 August 1693. To Tho. Raylton, of Westminster, Esquire, from then last

pall, for 31 Years, the Rectory of Mdiom, in the County of Cumberland, Parcel of the Monastery of Funieis ——

Chester and Lancaster:

19 January 169^. To Richard Crosse Gentleman, from thenceforth, for 31 Years, all the Fines, lfl'ues, Amerciaments, and other casual Profits, annually arising within the Town or Borough of CongleUn % , in the County of Chester; and all the Perquisites and Profits of Courts within the Bailiwick of Blackbom-Shire, and the Wapentake of within the Bailiwick of Amoundemesse, and within the Wapentake of Salford and West-

Derby, and within the Forest of Queen-More and Mier and of Slyne Mid

in the County of Lancaster - -

Northampton.

23 February 1693. To Mathew Johnson Esquire, team Lady-day then next enfoing,' for 30 Years, several Filbings in Stanwick-Moor, called the Over-Water, and the /«»-Mead, and the Nether-Water of the River Neeve; and 3 Roods of Land, and Farms of Conies, within the Manor of Rands and Irchester ——

Stafford.

[ 22 March 169L To John Hayne Gentleman, from Lady-day then nextenfuirtg, for'

31 Years, Fine 21. iO£.; The Tolls of all Fairs and Markets within the Town and Manor > — 5 — 3

of Tutbury, in the County of Stafford - -- -- --J

Stafford.

22 March 169c To Laurence Carter Esquire, from Michaelmas 1692, for 31 Years,' all and Angular the Perquisites and Profits of Courts, Goods and Chattels of Felons,

Deodands, tige. within the Manor of Newcastle, in the County of Stafford, and the Site of the old Castle thereof ——

Middlefer.

19 April 1694. To Matthew Johnson Esquire, and Edward Allen, in Trull, for Sirl

Bazill Firebrace Knight, for the Remainder of the Term of 50 Years, in Letters-Patents I to Lord Lisburne, all the Estate and Interest in Lettere-Patents of all the Offices and V

Lodges in Endfield-Chace, in the County of Middlesex to Adam late Lord Lisborne I

granted, are confirmed, and a Pardon of all Penalties and Forfeitures thentofore committed concerning the said Offices ——

Middlesex.

20th April 1694. To Sr Robert Howard, in Reversion, for 56 Years, from the De-1 termination of Lord Lisburn's Lease for 50 Years, all the Offices, Lodges, and Premises, > 19 14 if in Enfield-Chace in the County of Middkfer - - - -J

Cumberland.

20 June 1694. To Gilbert Marshall, of Westminster, Esquire, from then

next ensuing, for 31 Years, the former Lease to Raylton thereof being surrendered, the Rectory of Mdlon, with all the Tithes, 8$c. thereto belonging in the County of Cumber-' land ——

Lincolne.

13 December 1694. To the Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire, and others, in Trull, J

for the County of Lincolne, from the 2d August 1698, for 27 Years, the Keeper of the Castle of Lincolne, and of the Gaol there, and Houses thereat, or near the Castle, called ( Nil. the Shire-House; and all the Lands within the Precincts of the Bulwark or Wqdl of the Castle, or without, with all Fees, Profits, §c. belonging -

j ——

5 — '

19 14 if

23 —

Grants from the Crown.

This Grant is omitted in the Journal; and is supplied from the Account which was presented to the llpufs.

Vol. XII.

Leicester,

Grants from the Crown,

66

26° Januarii.

A.i\697.

— 2 6

m.

6 ——

for Acres: and

session.

— *3 4

Nil

2 3-

29 18 — -

6 -

Leicester. Rents referred.

1 JWj/ 1695. To Henry Dyson, of Leicester, Gentleman, from Mid farmer then last ] £. s. past, for 31 Years, the foie and several Right and Liberty of Fishing in the several

Waters and Rivers within the Liberties of Croft, Belgrav and Guntesthorp, Parcel

of the Honour of Leicester, within the County of Leicester; and all Deodands belonging to the said Honour, in the said County and Town of Leicester -4 - Lancaster.

14 October 1695. To the Mayor, Bailiffs* and-Burgesses, of the Town of 1

for ever, a Charter of the Town of Liverpoole in the County of Lancaster -

Lincolne.

17 February 1694.. To Gamaliel Lloyd.Gentleman, from Christmas before, the Datel

for 31 Years, Fine 10/. a Messuage, and 115 Acres, irr several Parcels of Land in Sutton > 3/.^ a"* for* he jSt. James, in the County of Lincoln . - - ... . - - jt rest, when iu p*r-

- - - Sasser.

21 May 1696. To the Right Honourable William Earl of Portland, and his Heirs for

ever, in Reversion, after the Queen Dowager's Deceasc, and Concunnent with such Terms as shall be in being at the Time of her Decease, the Manor of (inter alia

not Duchy), -with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances thereof, in the County of

Lincoln, Ebor', Leicester, Chester, Lancaster, Durham, Monmouth, Wilts, Devon,

Carmarthen, Essex, Hertford^ and Northampton.

18 Septeml)er 1696. To the said Earl of Portland, in Reversion, after the Queen Dow-

ager's Decease, to him, and his Heirs for ever, several Fee-farm Rents, within the Duchy oi Lancaster (inter alia not Duchy), amounting per Annum to about 979/. whereof are defective Rents about 700l. per Annum ——

Stafford and Derby.

20th September 1696. To Mich Cope, Gentleman, from Midsummer then last past, for 31 Years, a Parcel of Land called the Olielts, and the Cletts, and the Fishing of the Water Dome, and of the Old Dome, and of Scropton in the County of Stafford and Derby, and of Bently-Brook, and Ashborn-Brook, in Derbyshire ——

Essex.

22 October 1696. To Wm. Thompson Gentleman, for 31 Years and Half, to make 1

a Term in being up 31 Years, Fine 10/. the Manor of Dedham, in the County of Essex, > with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances - J

Middlesex.

22 October 1696. To the said Gilbert Marshall, of Westminster Esquire, for Years' and Half, to make up a Term in being 31 Years, the Bailiwick of the Liberty of the Savoy, with its Rights, Members, and Appurtenances, in the Strand, in the County of Middlesex; and all Goods and Chattels of Felons, §c. there - -

Memorandum. These Grants following are since the 3d of December 1696.; viz.

Lancaster.

29 January 1694-. To Sir John EkcesKnight, for 22 Years, to make up his Term \ in being 31 Years, the Post-Fines of the said Duchy in the County of Lancaster - - J

Lincolne.

10 April 1697 To the Right Honourable Thomas Lord Roby, from Lady-day last"]

past. for 99 Years, the Fishery of Wainfeet,. and the Profits-of Courts, and Fairs, and I Markets, there; and the Fishery of the Waters of and within the Port of aforesaid; and several Houses, Shops, and Stalls there, which, by the former Lease, I were under the yearly Rent of 10/. - -- -- --j

Leicester.

14 April 1697. To Henry Dyson Gentleman, from Lady-Day 1717, for 11 Years, to make up his Term 31 Years, the South Grate of the Callle of Leicester, and the House [ adjoining, and Garden Plot, and all Buildings within the Walls of the Castle; and the \

Office of Constable, and Keeper, and Porter, of the said Castle, with the Fees thereto belonging - -

Norfolk, Stafford, Derby, Wilts.

17 April 1697. To Paul Jodrell Esquire, in Reversion, after Queen Dowager's ..

(concurring with such Leases as Ihe shall make), for 99 Years, the Site of the Manor of Methwold, and the Demesne-Lands thereto belonging; and the Warren of Conies

called Methwold-Warren, in the County of Norfolk; and also Parcel of the Demesne-

Lands of the Manor of Tutbury, and several Burgages in the Town of Tutbury, in the County of Stafford; and the Herbage and Panage of in the County of Staf-

ford; and the Manor and Wapentake of Wirksworth, in the County of Derby; and the Herbage of Lands called Caldelow near Castleton, Parcel of the Lordship of High-Peake, in the County of Derby; and the Lodge called Hatton's Lodge; with several Parcels of

Land in the Forest of Braden in the County of Wilts - _ -

Ebor, Lancaster, Derby.

19 April 1697. To Sir Robert Howard, in IReversion, after the now

Queen Dowager's Decease (concurring with her Leases,) for 99 Years, the Castle and Manor of Knaresborough; and the Rents and Farms charged in the Account of the Collector there, per Annum -

All the Rents and Farms charged in the Account of al. Collector

The Rents and Farms in the Account of the Prepofitor of the Forest

All those Rents in the Borough of Knaresboro, per

Lands in Wharfdale, Swinden, Okeden, Harlow, and Fukvith

Lands and Rents charged in the Account of the Bailiff of the Liberty

The Bailiwick of the Borough of Borowbridge, with the Tolls and Perquisites of Court there, per Annum

The Wapentake of Stancliffe, per Annum -

JO ——

— 10

6 —

) 13 6 8

3

£. s. d. 49 14 n|

32

4

1

1

6

11

7

6

17

2i

8

4

9

9r

} —

» *3 4

The Goods and Chattels of Felons, 8$c. and all Casualties within 'the"

13 10 —

laid Honour, per Annum - -j

All within the County of York.

Woollen Ma-fiufaftares.

Exporting

Watches.

9 W. III.

26° Januariu

67

25

s

135 10 9

8 ——

10 — —

Rents referred.

£. d.

The Herbage and Panage of Mierfcough-Park, with the Lodge, &;c. ini the County of Lancaster, under the yearly Rent of - - -J

All those Rents of Assize within the Manor of High-Peak, in the County!

of Derby, amounting unto, per Annum -

The Profits of Courts within the said- Manor of High Peak, and Goods^ and Chattels of Felous, 8$c. there, per Annum - -

The Perquisites and Profits of all Courts within the said Manor of

Peake, at per Annum - -J

Stafford.

27 July 1697. To Edzcard Vernon, of London, Merchant, from last-past, for

31 Years, all Cottages and Encroachments therein-mentioned, within the several Wards of Marchinglon-Wmd, Tutbury-Ward, Barton-Ward, and Yoxal-Ward, within the Fordt and Chace of Nccdzi'ood, Parcel of the Honour of Tutbury, in the County of Stafford;,) — 16, 10

and all the Fines, Amerciaments, and Penalties, within the said Forest,' by reason of any Offences concerning the Woods, Vert, and Venilon, or any his Majesty's Game there, or for keeping of Guns, $c. ——

Monmouth.

29 July 1697. To James Godfman Gentleman, from Midsummerlaft pall, for 31 Years,1

all those Cottages and Encroachments therein-mentioned, within the Manors of ! — 6

White-Castle, and Skai frith, in the County of Monmouth, returned by Commission -J Memorandum. These that follow are Grants not inrolled; and therefore I cannot be lo. particular, nor can I be positive there are no more Grants which are not yet inrolled; viz.

Northampton.

18th. March 1694. To the Right Honourable Richard Earl of Rivers, in Reversion,!

after the Decease of the now Queen Dowager, for 99 Years, the Honour of > 2 ——

rers, in the County of Northampton, with the Rights, Members, and Appurtenances -J

Middlesex.

lit September 1696. To the said Gilbert Marshal Esquire, for 31 Years, several Cottages,1 and Encroachments, within the Manor and Chafe of Endfield, in the County of -J

Stafford.

3d April 1697. To the said Richard Crosse Gentleman, for 31 Years, the King's!

Parts in Uttoxater-Ward in the County of Stafford, containing 67 Acres; and also 129 > — 3 4

Acres of Land there - -.....- -J £rA£re- wl, en

J Poffirffion.

Derby.

26 April 1697. To Paul Jodrell Esquire, for 30 Years, the Fishing of [the Rivers')

Darwent and Eccleston, in the County of Derby - - - - -j

Southampton.

29 April 1697. To the said Gamaliel Lloyd, for so many Years as will make Mary\

Blagg's the present Lessee's, Term up 31 Years, Sombome-Park, alias Haze-Park, &c. [ in the County of Southampton - -- -J

Eborum.

18° May 1697. To Abel Tassin D'Allonne Esquire, for 99 Years, after the Deceasc ofl

the Queen Dowager, (and concurrent with her Leases)the Castle and Manor of , > 10 ——

&c. in the County of York - - -- -J

This, pursuant to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, dated the 20th Jammiy instant, is humbly presented by Bennett, Auditor of the Duchy of

Grants from the Crown.

1 14 3

10 10

30 10 —

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England-, and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the several Petitions, which lay upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they may receive a Clause, That all Ma-gHtrates, Judges, Students of the -Universities, and all Professors of the Common and Civil Law, do wear Gowns made of the Woollen Manufacture.

Sir Thomas Mompeffon, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to explain the Act in the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting Watches, Sword-Hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver: And the same wte received.

Vo l.XII.'

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House Malt Duty, of the Malt taxed, by virtue of the late Act for laying a,

' Duty upon Malt; and what the Duties thereof do amount, unto.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Acts relating solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to to Exchequer consider of the several Acts relating to the Exchequer- &c- Bills, and the Malt-Tickets.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.,

Sir John Bolles took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Bolles reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered the Matters to them referred; and come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways atld Means for providing for die Deficiencies, and for disbanding the Army.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- Timber in ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole New Forest* House, to consider further of the Bill for Increase and

Preservation

<S8 26° — 27" Jamarii. A. 1697.

Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

dp, .1 — —

Jovis, 27° die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Pea teks.

Duties on A PETITION of the Tanners, Shoemakers, Fell-

Leather. jl\. mongers, Sadlers, Whit-tawers, and Glovers, re-

liding in and near the City of Peterborough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they so extremely lufier by the great Duty laid upon Leather, that a Stop is put to their Trades thereby: And praying forae Relief and Ease therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell-mongers, Lea-ther-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of , is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Dun Naviga- A Petition of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Inha-tion. bitants, of the Town of Doncaster in the County of York,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill depending in the House to make the River Dun, in the County of , navigable, at the Charge of such Persons as shall undertake the lame, the Petitioners conceive it will be for a publick Good, and very advantageous to the adjacent Countries, to make the said River navigable, which, in a great measur, is so already: And praying, That the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the'Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of

the Borough and Soke of Doncaster, in the County of York, and other Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inhabitants, within the said Borough and Soke, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill in the House fof making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, at the Charge of the Undertakers; which, if it should pais, will greatly prejudice those who live about the said Town, and more especially the Corporation; by destroying their Mills, for which they pay a considerabte yearly Rent to the Crown, and have lately been at 1,000l. Charge in repairing them and the Dams; and it will also prejudice their Market, and lessen the Rents of Houses and Lands there: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Grants of The Clerk of the Crown, according to Order, pre-Irish Forfei- fented to the House Copies of such Bills as passed under tures. the Great Seal of England, to be passed into Acts of Parliament in Ireland, for confirming of Grants of forfeited Estates there.

Ordered, That the said Bills do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Merchants, Fullers, Clothiers, Wool-nufadures. combers, and other Traders relating to, and depending upon, the Woollen Manufacture of Serges in the City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That since the Port of has been shut up by Act of Parliament from receiving Wool..... Ireland, the Petitioners have been forced to buy their Wool at a Third or Fourth Market; which has fb enhanced the Price of that Commodity, that the Petitioners cannot carry on their Trades; so that many of their Work-folks are gone into Ireland, where they have set up the Manufacture of Serges, to the great Detri-5

ment of that Trade in England: And praying, That the Port of Exon may be opened, as it anciently has been; and that Consideration may be had, that the Woollen Manufactures of Ireland may not prejudice those of England.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of tire whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into Foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; i» committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Morris, who was ordered to attend Privilege, this House upon Monday come Sevennight, touching the Complaint made against him for intercepting the Letters of Christopher Tankard Esquire, a Member of this House, do attend this House upon Monday Fortnight.

A Petition of Andrew Young Gentleman, Administrator privilege of

of William Prettyman Esquire, and of Sir Charles Porter a Member

Knight, who was Administrator, and principal Creditor, in a Su,u of the said William Prettyman, was presented to the House.

And the same relating to Sir Edu'ard a

Member of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hungerford, do attend in his Place upon Saturday Morning next: And that the said Petition be then read.

A Petition of the Merchants, and several Mailers of Transport Ships and Vessels, belonging to the Town of Bideford, Debt* and Places adjacent, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners entered into Charter-parties with his Majesty's Commissioners for Transport-Service in 1693, to receive one Month's Pay in Hand, which was performed, for Freight of their Ships; and what more became due, as soon as they should be discharged his Majesty's Service, or Interest for it; but they have not received one Peny, besides the said first Month's Pay, though there is due to them 70,000l. or upwards: And praying, That Consideration may be had of the Petitioners, in relation to their said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the select Committee, to whom the several Estimates, States, and Accounts, presented to the House, are referred.

A Petition of the poor Pipemakers, Inhabitants in the Duty oa Well-Riding in the County of York, was presented to Pipes, the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Pipes being the highest laid upon any Commodity whatsoever, and the Trade the meanest of any Manufacture, and the Petitioners the poorcfl Sort of People, they are reduced to Beggary, by reason their Trade is in a manner become useless: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Huddleston, Receiver of a Perfcm u

land, do attend this House Tomorrow Morning. attend.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Army Delta, whom the Petition of the Officers, Innkeepers, and Clothiers, that served in, quartered, and cloathed, the Army raised by an Act of Parliament in 1677, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, was referred, be received upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Whitalcer reported from the Committee, to whom I.afM's the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Estate. enable Rebecca Lassells, Widow, to fell Copyhold Lands and Houses in Ealing, in the County of Middle few, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame;

9w.iii.

fame; and had directed Him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Inland Bill* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the of Exchange, better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange: And that Sir William St. Quintin and Sir William do pre-

pare, and bring in, the Bill.

Army A Petition of several Soldiers discharged out of the

Arrears. Lord Judbrough's Regiment of Dragoons, now in the Spanish Law Countries, was presented to the House, and, read; letting forth, That there being an Order from his Majesty for discharging 14 Men out of each Troop, the Petitioners were thereupon discharged, and their Horses and Accoutrements taken from them, without any Satisfaction; also 3 d.a Day hath been stopped out of their Subsistence, on the Account of ilorles for Three Cam-paynes; nor have they received that Subsistence, which was ordered by his Majesty since their Reducement: And praying the House to put them into a Way Examina- , tion and Red refs, touching the Monies due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the Petition of Thomas Oldershaw and John Williams, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Troopers who served in Colonel Langston's Regiment during the Wars of Ireland, and since incorporated into several Regiments in is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Executing A Bill to execute Judgments and Decrees saved in a Judgment*in Clause in the Statute made in the First Year of the Reign Wale*. of his present Majesty and the late Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Baldvyn* Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Price, Mr- Guy, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Wm.Lowther, Sir Fra. Mr. Dolben, Sir

Rickard Onslow, Sir Fra. Mr. Mr.

Foley, Sir Wm.Lowther, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Tho. Lit-

tleton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Manjell, Lord Pawlett, Sir Marin. Wircll, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Bromley, Mr.

Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Devereu,r, Mr. Conyers, Mr

Sir Geo. Hungerford; and all the Members that serve for North and South Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they, who have Power to execute the said Judgments and Decrees, may examine, reverie, execute, or avoid, the said Judgments and Decrees.

Exporting A Bill to explain the Act in the Seventh and Eighth

Watches. Years of His Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to en-

courage the bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

May's Nat Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize Charles May Esquire.

Malt Duty. Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Duty of the Stock of Malt in Hand, the 20th of April 1697.

Vo l.XII.

69

And the said Account was read; and is as followeth; viz. £. s. d.

The gross Produce of the said Duty is 159,063 11 io$

Dl. Lawrence.

A Petition of Dame Jane Salusbury, the Widow of Sir Privilegs. John Salusbury Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Arthur Owen Esquire, are Coheirs of Sir Williams Baronet, deceased, and had peaceable Possession of his Estate at Vaenoll; but John Evans, and many others, obtruded on their Possession for Sir Bouchier Wray, an Infant, on Pretence of a Will made by Sir W Williams', which they failing to obtain, deliver Declarations in Ejectment to Mr. Owen, without Notice to the Petitioner; and, in Michaelmas Term, had Judgment; and, by Rewards and Force, Possession delivered by the Sheriff, , without the Petitioner's Defence at the Tryal on the Ejectment: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Elifon have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Complaint being made to the House, That CadwaU privilege. laderWyn, Thomas Bulkly, and Charles Esquires, John Evans, HughEvans, and others, had challenged, and menaced, Arthur Owen Esquire, a Member of this House; and had proceeded against him at Law; entered upon'

Possession of his Estate, and distrained his Tenants; refeued Distresses made by him, by Force, and armed Persons in great Numbers, and assaulted and wounded his Agents and Servants; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Juries was, ac- Preventing cording to Order, read a Second time. Corruption

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee June8, of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself Into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it he an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better preventing the Corrupting of Witnesses.

A Petition of Charles Duncomb Esquire, Prisoner in A Prisoner the Tower, was presented to the House; and read; setting <)el're8.fur* forth, That the Petitioner being fallen under the Difplea- huDefence^ sure of this House, it has increased his Distemper of the Gout; in which Condition he has received the Order of this House, for putting in his Answer and Defence to the Charge against him, upon Friday next; which, he apprehends, is Matter of Law and Time: And, the Time being very short, he prays. That he may have Counsel to advise him, in order to such his Answer and Defence.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncomb have further lime, until Tuesday next, to put in his Answer and Defence.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That ^Ir.Duncomb have Counsel to advise with, in order to his Answer and Defence;

The previous Question was put, That that Question be now put:

And it passed in the Negative.

Memorandum, That when the previous Question, for allowing Mr. Duncomb Counsel to advise with, was put, the House were unanimously inclined to leave it to him, whether he would put in any Answer, or not; because they conceived he had made an T Answer

27* Januarii.

Acts relating to Exchequer Bills, See.

Grants from the Crown.

Order against Gaming.

Leave of Absence.

Dun Navigation*

Ditto.

Ditto*

70 27° — 28" Januarii. A. 1697.

Answer in his Place already t and therefore, if the Orders of the House would have allowed, they would have added, to the Question of further Time, these Words, " if he thought fit to put in any Answer But that Order being made before the Sense of the House therein was perceived, the Speaker, by Leave of the House, declared it to be their Sense, That Mr. Duncombhad his Election, whether he would

put in any Answer, or not.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the several Acts relating to the Exchequer- Bills, and Malt-Tickets, be made Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

Rcjoked, That this House will, upon Wdnesday Morning next, take into Consideration the Account of Grants from the Crown, laid before this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Januarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ORDERED, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the High Constable of , That the

Constables in Waiting do take care there be no Gaming, or other Disorders, in Westminster-bally during the Sitting of Parliament

Ordered, That Mr Desbooeryhave Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Gainsborough, in the County of ,was pre-

dated to the house, and read; setting forth, That they are feufible, that the making the River Dun navigable will be a great Decay to Trade in those Parts, and will ruin ibe Navigation of the River Trent, raise the Price of Coals, and discourage the Exportation of their Com: And- praying to be heard against the Bill for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, at the Charge of such as dial I undertake the feme.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table lintil the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Baxotry, in the County Don Navi-of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting 8atlon* forth, That the making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, for which there is a Bill in this House, will be a great Damage to the Petitioners, who chiefly subsist by the Navigation of the River Idle, which runs by Bawtry, and conveys, by Boats, into the River Trent,

Lead, Mill-stones, Com, and other Commodities, which come out of Derbyshire and Nottinghamshire: And praying to be beard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Gentlemen, Ditto* of the West-Riding of the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making of the River Dun navigable will be a publick Advantage to all the adjacent Country, and make the Carriage cheaper of all Sorts of Commodities to and from London, York, Hull, and other Places: And praying,

That the Bill depending in the House for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, may pafa.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Ditto, Council, of the Corporation of Leeds, in the West-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That making the River Dun naviga- ' ble will be a publick Good to the adjacent Country, by the Carriage of all forts of Goods to and from London,

York, Hull, Lincolne, and other Places: And praying,

That the Bill for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, may pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House being informed, That Air. Popple, the Council of Secretary to the Council of Trade, attended; Trade c<w»-

He was called in; and presented to the House a Copy 8tc*

of the Commission and Instructions for the Council of Trade.

And then lie withdrew.

And the said Copy was read; and is as followeth; viz.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Gentlemen, and Other Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of Pontefracti in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That anciently the said Town was very remarkable for Fairs and Markets: but what now remains, is a Corn-Trade: But a Bill being brought into the House for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, the feme, if it should pass, will take a way all the Trading Part of the said Town, and be of ill- Consequence to all the adjacent Towns: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill, before it pase this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Copyholders, and Te--ntints, of his Majesty's Manor and Soke of in

Lindsey, in the (bounty of Lincolne, Parcel of the Duchy of Cornwall, and several of the neighbouring Gentlemen, (Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in the House for making the River Dim, in the County of York, navigable; which will ruin the Navigation of the River Trent, by forcing the Shipping to look for Employ in other Parts; and will 'discourage their fending Corn to London, and other Places; and make Coals from Newcastle pad Sunderland much dearer; to the great Damage of the Petitioners: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

WILLIAM the Third, by the Grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, 8Cc. To our Chancellor of

or our Keeper of our Great Seal of England, for the Time being; our President of our Privy-Council for the Time, being; our Keeper of our Privy-Seal for the Time bang; our First Commissioner of our Treasury, and our Treasurer of England, for the Time being; our First Commissioner of our Admiralty, and our Admiral of England, for the Time being; our Principal Secretaries of State, for the Time being; and the Chancellor of our Exchequer, for the Time being; to our Right-trusty and Right Well-beloved Cousins and Counsellors, John Earl of Bridgwater, and Ford Earl of Tankerville; to our Trusty and Well-beloved Sir Philip Meadowes Knight, William Blathwaite, John Pollexfen, John Lock, Abraham Hill, and George Stepney FJquires; Greeting: Whereas

We are extremely delirous, That the Trade of our Kingdom of England, upon which the Strength and Riches thereof doth in a great measure depend, should, by all proper Means, be promoted and advanced: And whereas We are persuaded. That nothing will more effectually contribute thereunto, than the appointing of knowing and fit Persons to inspect and examine into the general Trade of our laid Kingdom, and the several Parts thereof; and to inquire into the several Matters and Things, herein after-mentioned, relating the reunto; with such Powers and Directions as are herein after ijpecified and

20 contained:

9 W. III. 18° Janu. 71

tontained: KNOW ye therefore, That We, reputing especial Trust and Confidence in your Discretions, Abilities, and Integrities, have nominated, authorized, and conliituted, and do, by these Presents, nominate, authorize, and appoint, the said Chancellor, or Keeper of our Great Seal, for the Time being; the President of our Privy-Council, for the 'lime being; the Keeper of our Privy-Seal for the Time being; the First Commissioner of our Treasury, or Treasurer, for the Time being; the First Coimuiilioner for executing the Office of Admiral, and our Admiral, for the Time being; our Principal Secretaries of State, for the Time being; and our Chancellor of the Exchequer, for the Time being; and you, Earl of Bridgwater, Ford Earl of Sir Philip

Meadawes, William Blathwaiic, John John

Lock, Abraham Hill, and George Stepney; or any Three or more of you; to be our Commissioners, during our Royal Pleasure, for promoting the Trade of this our Kingdom; and for inspecting and improving our Plantations in America, and elsewhere. And to the end that our Royal Purpose and Intention herein may the better take Effect; Our Will and Pleasure is and We do hereby order, direct, and appoint, That you do diligently and constantly, as the Nature of the Service may require, meet together, at such Place, in our Palace of Whitehall, which We have assigned for that Purpose; or at any other Place, which We shall appoint, for the Execution of this pur Commission. And We do, bythefe Presents, authorize and impower you, our said Commissioners, or any Three or more of you, to inquire, examine into, and take an Account of, the State and Condition of the general Trade of England-, and also of the several particular Trades into all foreign Parts; and how the same are respectively advanced, or decayed; and the C'aufes or Occasions thereof: And to inquire into, and examine, what Trades are, or may prove, hurtful; or are or may be made, beneficial to our Kingdom of England; and by w hat Ways and Means the profitable and advantageous Trades may be more improved and extended; and such as are hurtful, or prejudicial, rc6tified, or difeou-raged: Anri to inquire into the several Obstructions of Trade, and the Means of removing the fame; and also in what Manner, and by what proper Methods, the Trade of our laid Kingdom may be most effectually protected and secured in all its Parts: And to consider by what Means the several useful and profitable Manufactures already settled in our said Kingdom, may be further improved and liow, and in what manner, new and profitable Manufactures may be introduced. And We do further, by these Presents, authorize and require you, our said Commissioners, or any Three or more of you, to consider of Ibme proper Methods, for letting on Work, and employing, the Poor of our said Kingdom, and making them useful to the Public; and thereby eating our Subjects of that Burden; and by what Ways and Means such Design may be made most effectual: And in general, of all such Methods and Ways, that you in your Discretions shall think belt to inform yourselves, of all Things relating to Trade, and the Promoting and Eucourage-aient thereof: As also to consider of the heft and most effectual Means to regain, encourage, and establish, the Pithery of this Kingdom. And our further Will and Pleasure is, That you, our said Commissioners, or any Four or more of you, do, from time to time, make Re-prefeutations, touching the Premises, to Us, or to our Privy Council, as the Nature of the Bufinefc shall require: Which said Representations are to be in Writing, and to be ligned by Four or more of you. And We do hereby further impower and require you, our said Commissioners, to take into your Care all Records, Grants, and Paqprs, remaining in the Plantation-Office, or thereunto belonging: And likewise to inform yourselves of the present Condition of our respective Plantations, as well with regard to the Administration of the Govem-ment, and Justice, in those Places, as in relation to the Commerce thereof: And also to inquire into the Limits, Soil, and Product, of our several Plantations; and how

Voi-XIL

the same may be improved; and of the belt Means fur e ffing and securing our Colonies there; and how the feme may be rendered most useful and beneficial to our said Kingdom of England. And We do hereby further impower and require you, our said Commissioners, more particularly, and in a principal Manner, to inform yourselves, what Naval Stores may he furnished from our Plantations, and in what Quantities; and by what Methods our Royal Purpose of having our Kingdom supplied with Naval Stores from thence, may lie made practicable, and promoted: And also to inquire, and inform yourselves, of the best and most proper Methods of settling and improving in our Plantations such other Staples and Manufactures, as our Subjects of England are now obliged to fetch and supply themselves witlial from other Princes and Slates; and also, what Staples and Manufactures may be best encouraged there; and what Trades are taken up and exercised there, which are, of may prove, prejudicial to England, by furnishing themselves, or other our Colonies, with what hath been usually supplied from England; and to find out proper Means of diverting them from such Trades, and whatever else may turn to the Hurt of our Kingdom of England: And to examine, and look into the usual Instructions given to the Governors of our Plantations; and to fee, if any thing may be added, omitted, or changed, therein, to Advantage: To take Account yearly, by way of Journal, of the Administratiou of our Governors there; and to draw out what is proper to be represented and observed to Us: And, as often as Occasion 11 all require, to consider of proper Persons to be Governors, or Deputy-Governors, or to be of our Council, or of our Counsel at Law, or Secretaries, in our respective Plantations; in order to present their Names to Us, in Coun cil. And Vie do hereby authorize and impower you pur said Commissioners, to examine into, and weigh, such Acts of the Assemblies of the Plantations, respectively, as shall from time ... be lent or transmitted hither, for our Approbation; and to set dow n, and represent, as aforesaid, the Usefulness, or Mischief thereof to our Crown, or to our said Kingdom of England, or to the Plantations themselves, in case the same should be established for Laws there: And also to consider, what Mattei-s may be recommended, as fit to be pffifed in the Assemblies there: To hear Complaints of Oppressions, and Male-Administrations, in our Plantations; in order to represent, as aforesaid, what you in your Discretions shall think proper: And also, to require an Account of all Mopics given for public Uses, by the Assemblies in our Plantations; and how the same are, and have been, expended, or laid out. And We do, by these Presents, authorize and impower you, our said Commissioners, or any Three of you, to fend for Persons and Papers, for your better Information in the Premises; and, as Occasion shall require, to examine Witnesses, upon Oath; which Oath you are hereby impowered to administer, in order to the Matters aforesaid. And We do declare opr further Will and Pleasure to be, That you, our said Commissioners, do, from time to time, report all your Doings, in relation to the Premises, in Writing, under the Hands of any Four of you, as aforesaid, to Us, or to our Privy-Council, as the Nature of the Thing shall require. And We hereby further authorize and impower you, our said Commissioners, to execute and perform all other Things necessary, or proper, for anfaering our Royal Intentions in the Premises. And We do further give Power to you, our said Commissioners, or any Three of you, as aforesaid, from time to time, and as Occasion shall require, to fend for, and desire the Advice and Assistance of our Attorney or Solicitor General, or other our Counsel at Law. And We do hereby further declare our Royal Will and Pleasure to be, That We do not hereby intend, That our Chancellor of England, or Keeper of our Great Seal, for the Time being; the President of our Privy-Council, for the Time being; the Keeper of our Privy-Seal, for the Time being; the Treasurer, or First Commissioner of our Treasury, for the

Time

Council of

't rade Cum-million,

Importing Bone lace,

&C.

Tiverton

WorkhousV.

Woollen Ma-nufidures.

Timber in New-Forest.

Fitzharris*

KlUte

72 28° Januarii. A. 1697.

Time being; our Admiral, or First Commissioner for executing the Office of Admiral, for the Time being; or our Principal Secretaries of State, for the Time being; should be obliged to give constant Attendance at the Meetings of our laid Commissioners, but only so often, and when the Presence of them, or any of them, shall be necessary and requisite, and as their other publick Service will permit. Lastly, We have revoked and determined, and by these Presents do revoke and determine, certain Letters Patents, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date the 15th Day of May, in the 8th Year of our Reign; whereby we constituted and appointed all the Perl'ons above-named, except the said George together with John Methzvin Esquire, to be our Commissioners for promoting the Trade of this Kingdom, and for inspecting and improving our Plantations in America, and elsewhere; and every Article, Clause, and Thing, therein contained. In Witness whereof, We have caused these our Letters to be made Patents. Witness, Thomas Archbishop of Canterbury, and the rest of the Guardians and Justices of the Realm, at Westminster, the 6th Day of July, in the 9th Year of our Reign.

A true copy, examined

By me Wm.Popple.

Chute.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering more effectual the Laws for preventing the importing of foreign Bone-lace, Needlework, Point, and Cut-work, was committed, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Edward Fitzharris, the Petitioner's Grandfather, was '

feiied in Fee of an Estate in Ir, of 2,000l. per .;

and during the Rebellion in Ireland lived there peaceably; but was divested thereof by one Oliver .., who has ever since kept Possession thereof, being put in by the Usurper, upon false Suggestions; and being too rich lbr the Petitioner to deal with; notwithstanding the Provision made by Act of Parliament for preserving the said Estate to the Petitioner's Grandfather, and his Heirs: And though the said Oliver did offer to treat with the said Sir Edward, to purchase the Petitioner's Title to the said Estate; yet he unjustly detains the fame: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to re-llore the Petitioner to his laid Estate; or that Provision may be made for him, and his Mother and Sifter, thereout

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir William Williams, Mr. Burlington, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bridges, Sir Edward Ernly,

Sir Fra. Winington, Mr. Stokes, Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Sloane, Mr. White, Mr. Foley, Sir John Phillipps, Sir Cha. Sidley, Mr. Guy, Sir Gwyn,

Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Freeman, Sir John Elwell, Sir John Buchiall, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mokfimrth, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Brotherton, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Colt, Lord Spencer, Mr. Muthwin, Mr, Mountague, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Booth, Sir Fra. Mashatn, Mr. Mordaunt, Sir JuJ-tinian Isham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for erecting an Hospital and Workhouse, or House of Correction, in the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon; and for the better governing thereof; and Relief of the Poor there: And that the Lord Spencer and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Serge-makers, and other Inhabitants, of the ancient Town of Crediton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That their said Trade of making Serges, whereon they chiefly subsist, is much decayed, by the Increase of the Woollen Manufactures in Ireland; where they can under-fell the Petitioners, being exempt from many Duties imposed on the same in England; which is like to bring the Petitioners to Poverty: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into Foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; is committed.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants, of the Parish of Eling, who have Right of Herbage, Panage, and Fuel, in the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Anceliors, have, time out of Mind, ..... their said Rights; and paid, and now pay, Quit-rents to the Crown, in Right of the Estates they hold for the same: That the Bill depending in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton, will prejudice their said Rights: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir Edward Fitzharris Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor do attend this House with Exchequer the Book of the Trustees for circulating Exchequer- Bills, wherein all the Exchequer- Bills are entered which were delivered out.

Ordered, That Mr. Hem do attend this House, and Ditto* bring with him such Bills as are found to be falsly indorsed.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor and Mr. Heme do lay before this House an Account of the Names of the Persons concerned in the said Bills.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Butler have Leave to go into IjWlve the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Mr. Tilney, according to Order, presented to the House l»w, con-a Bill for regulating and amending the Laws concerning ceming RoU Robberies on the Highways, and Hue and Cries: And be it*, the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refohxd, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir John Bolles reported, from the Committee of the A£i* relating whole House, to w hom it was referred to consider of the to Exchequer several Acts relating to the Exchequer- Bills, and Malt- &c* Tickets, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Monies which have arisen, or shall arise, by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled,

An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expences of his Majesty's Houshold; shall be appropriated, issued, and applied, for Payment of the Sum of 200,0001, with Interest; and for the Discharge of the Lottery-Tickets mentioned in the said Act; and to no other Use whatsoever.

And

9 W. III.

73

And a Motion being made, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution:

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That' the Debate be adjourned till this Day Sevennight:

And it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the raid Resolution, That the Monies which have arisen, or shall arise, by virtue of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, as well towards carrying on the War against France, as for the necessary Expences of his Majesty's Houshold; shall be appropriated, issued, and applied, for Payment of the Sum of 200,000l. with Interest; and for the Discharce of the Lottery-Tickets mentioned in the said A 6t; and to no other Use whatsoever.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Resolution: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Morgan, and Mr. Taylor, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sabbati, 29° (tie Jan

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A BIL L for naturalizing Dudley Vesey, an Infant, was Vesey's /a read a Second time. Nat*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Colt, Sir Thomas Roberts, Mr. B Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Newport, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mr. Moun-

tague, Mr. Mountsteoen, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Gwym, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Shaker ley, Mr. Serjeant JVgan, Mr. York, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Taylor, Mr. JVhi Mr. Foley, Mr.. Hobby, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Dolben, Mr., Mr. Slater,

Mr. Kirby, Mr. Perry, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Lambton,

Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jof. Tiley, Mr.

Jeild, Mr. England, Mr. Baldwyn: An they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

False Then the House proceeded further in the Examination

indorsing of tjje Matter touching the false Indorsement of Exche-M.^"r quer- Bills:

And John de Costa was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. John de Costa and Mr. Alvarez de Costa be discharged of their further Attendance.

Ordered, That Mr. the Receiver for the County of York, do attend this House upon Tuesday Morning next

Then Mr. Tayler was called in; and examined.

And then withdrew.

Then Mr. Tayler and Mr. Levy were called in together; and examined.

And then they withdrew.

Then Mr. Helbom was called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then Mr. Huddleston, the Receiver for the County of Westmorland, was called in; and examined.

And then he' withdrew.

Then Mr. Darby was called in; and examined.

And then be withdrew.

Then Mr. Huddleston and Mr,- Darby were called in together, and confronted.

And then they withdrew.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Andrew Huddleston be committed to

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That Mr. Andrew Huddleston, Receiver General for the County of Westmoreland, having paid into the Exchequer, upon Account of Monies within his Receipt, Exchequer- Bills falsly indorsed, be committed Prisoner to the GatehouseAnd that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrants accordingly.

Resolved, That Mr. William Huddleston be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, to answer an Accusation made against him, of false indorsing Exchequer- Bills.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, proceed in the further Examination of the Matter - touching the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Bartholomew Burton be remanded to the Prison of Newgate.

Ordered, That Mr. Levy and Mr. Glover do attend this House, as Witnesses, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. and Mr. Brockett be dif-

chafged from their further Attendance.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

V01. XII.

Mr. Newport, according to Order, presented to the Ma/» House. a Bill to naturalize Charles May Esquire: And the Nau feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Matter of the Petition of the Lady Privilege. Salusbury -, and the Matter of the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against Mr. Arthur Owen; be heard and examined, by the Committee of Privileges and Elections, at the same time with the Matter of the Petition of Sir Bourchier Wray Baronet, which is referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of the several Parishes of Owston, Haxey, Dun Epworth, Belton, Crawle, Luddington, and Althrope, in Navigation, the Isle of Arholme, and County of Lincolne, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the making the River Dun navigable will be a great Decay to

Trade in those Parts, ruin the Navigation of the River Trent, and extremely raise the Price of Coals, and prejudice Doncaster Market, where the Petitioners used to buy and sell Corn: And praying to be heard against the Bill depending in the House for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and the rest Ditto, of the Inhabitants, of Everton cum Scaftworth and Harwell, Greenly, Clayworth, Wifeton, Beckingham, Mister-ton, Walkeringham, and divers other Parishes in the North Clay, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are very fenlible of the great Damage that will accrue to them, and the impoverishing many Families in their adjacent Parts, if the Bill now in the House for making the River Dun, in the County of York, navigable, should pals:

And praying to be heard against the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Masters of the several Ships, Pinks, Ditto. Barks, Hoys, Keels, and other Vessels, belonging to the River Trent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Dun navigable, in the County of York, for which there is a Bill depending in the House, will ruin the Navigation of the River Trent, which consists of near 70 Sail, built on purpose for the Trade of that River, reputed the Third belt in England, which yearly breeds abundance of Seamen: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, which is to the Prejudice of more, than Advantage to others.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

U A Petition

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Trade with Ireland.

Ditto.

29' Janmrii. A. 1697.

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Shoemakers, Glovers, Cutters, Sadlers, Collar-makers, Leather-dressers, and other Artificers in Leather, within the ancient Borough and Corporation of Retford, in the County of Nottingham, and other adjacent Places, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is insupportable, and mult end in the Ruin of all Traders in Leather; through the Scarcity of Money, and Deadneis of Trade, they being now forced to fell their Goods cheaper than before the Duty, and give Credit too, though they must pay down the King's Tax upon Sale: And praying the Consideration of the House for their Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Lea-ther-drefiers, and Glovers, in the City o is re-

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Company of Tanners of the ancient City of York was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Duty laid upon Leather has very much lessened their Trades; lb that, being confined to fell but on one Day in the Week, viz. at the Market, and with other Hardships, they are rendered incapable of maintaining themselves and Families: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the several Tanners, Skinners, Tawers, and Workers of Leather, of the ancient Borough of Tam-worth, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That if the Duty upon Leather be not speedily taken off, the Petitioners must of Necessity leave off their Trades, and themselves and Families be ruined thereby: And praying, That the House will find out feme way for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to' whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Dyers, Setters, Callenders, Tillet-painters, Pressers, and Packers, living in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth; That formerly Perpetuana's, and all other Sorts of Serges, received their full Manufacture herein England before Exportation; whereby many Thoul'ands, depending on the Petitioners Trades, were fully employed, and his Majesty's Girftoms for Indigo, Logwood, and other Materials uled in the Dying-Trade, were greatly augmented; but, of late Years, Foreigners and others, for private Gain, hkve exported them white, to the Ruin of many thousand People, for want of Employment, besides the Loss to the King by Customs: And praying, That the Export of the Woollen Manufactures white may be discouraged by a Bill; or otherwise, as the House ftiafl think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to corpider of the Trade' between England and Ireland; and how to make

the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

A Petition of the Dyers, Setters, Callendars, Tillet-paintejjs. Shearmen, Preflers and Drefl'ers of Stuffs, in the City of Norwich, and County of Norfolk, was pre-

fented to the Hotrfo, add'read;. setting forth,' That|here-tofore Callimancoes attdSergesfand many other Woollen Manufactures, did receive their full Manufacture before 23

they were exported from England -, whereby the Petitioners, and Thousands of People, were fully employed; but, of late, those Manufactures have chiefly been exported white, to the great Decay of the Petitioners Trades, and the Ruin of many Thousand: And praying the like Inconveniencies may, by a Bill, or otherwise, be prevented for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider the Trade between England and Ireland', and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

Ordered, That Mr. Culliford have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Fortnight, to buiy his Father. Absence.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir, Richard Holford Lewin'a and Mr Pitt: Estate.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Lewin to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Giles Bridgman, and others Masters and Transport Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of King's Lynn, Debt, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth. That, in 1693, they contracted with his Majesty's Commissioners for Transport-Service, for employing themselves and Shipping; and accordingly performed the Contract on their Parts; but there remains considerable Sums due to them; for want of which, many of the Petitioners have been ruined, and the rest great Sufferers: And praying the House to take care that they may be paid what is due to them for the said Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the several States,

Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, are referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A Petition of William Clark, and others Owners of Duties on Glass-works in or near Bristoll, on behalf of themselves, Glass. and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the high Duties on Glass-wares have not only reduced the Consumption of Glals so as to, render the Petitioners incapable to carry on their Trade, but it will also endanger the Loss of that Manufacture to England: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred: And that they db examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House'.

Ordered, That Mr. Methwin and Mr. Norton be added Duties o» to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, leather. Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers,-Leathen-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, and York: And all that come, are to have Voices.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to consider Preventing of Methods for the more effectual preventing Felonies Felonies and and Robberies, and punishing such as shall be convicted; Robb, ries* and to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for that Purpose.

And it is referred to Mr. Pocklington, Sir Richard On-slaw, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. England, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Perry, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Pagit, Mr. stevens, Mr. Th'ompfon, Mr. Colt, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Ar-

nold, Mr. Norris, Sir Cha. Turner, Lord Pme let, Sir TVm. Willkims, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Foley, Mr. Dolben,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Molesworth, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr.

Blofield, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Serjeant Bond: And they are to meet at Five a Clock^ this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

9 W. HI. 29® Januatii. — i°

75

Person in custody allowed to have Medical, &c. Attendance.

Timber in New-Forest.

Salt to be sold by Weight.

Drawback on Salt.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had this Morning received a Message, by the chief Governor of the Tower of London, from Mr. Charles there.

That he was very ill; and desires, That Dr. Cole, and Mr. Tuffey his Apothecary, and his Brother Mr. Anthony Duncomb, may have Leave to resort to him.

Ordered, That the said Dr. Cole, Mr. Tuffey, and Mr. Anthony Duncomb, have Leave to resort to the said" Mr. Charles Duncomb.

A Petition offeveral of the Inhabitants dwelling in and near the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they hold Lands, from the Crown, near the said Forest; arid enjoy and claim Common of Pasture, Turbary, and Panage, therein; and pay Rents to the Crown therefore; That there is a Bill depending in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the said Forest: And praying to be heard against the said Bill, before it pals this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill to oblige Retailers of Salt to fell by Weight was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Colonel Granville, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Onslow, Sir John Ehvell, Mr. Yates, Mr. Lawton, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Perry, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Kirby, Lord Castleton, Mr. Baldwin, Sir Ga'o. Elwes, Mr. Dore, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. J Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Bromley, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Newport, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Arnold, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Guy, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Satidys, Mr, Clayton, Mr. Cox, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Collection of the Duties upon Salt with the more Ease to the Subject.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to explain the Law in Relation to the Drawback upon Rock-Salt;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

|Mr. 1 gg

' [Mr. Hoare: J

1129.

So it passed iivthe Negative.

s. d.

Salt-Duty, was 140,000l. j aotl the

Sum which became due within the said Time upon those Annuities which were forrinerly charged on the Tonage-Duties, was 140,000l.; in both 280,000 /.

To make up which Sum there is gg g

wanting

£. 280,000 ——

Wm. Lowndes.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes *in tellers for the Woes,|Sir Hmry CqU

Purchasing

Annuities.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Contributions made upon the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for enlarging the Time for purchasing Reversionary Interests in Annuities for Angle Lives.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; vi:

By discharging his Majesty of Arrears'! incurred between the 17th May 1696, [ and 17th May 1697, upon Annuities charged on the late Duties upon Tonnage of Ships and Vessels

By discharging Arrears incurred within the same time upon the Annuities on the ‘ Minion-Adventure, or Lottery, lately charged on the Duties on Salt -By Money actually paid

In all - -

The Sura which, became due within the said Year, upon the Lottery-Annuities formerly charged on the Vox. 201.

L559

22,713

d.

10

64 4 4 24,336 14 4

29 January 16<y£.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Sopply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for providing for the Deficiencies, and for disbanding the -Army.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had directed him to move the House, That an Account may be laid before the House, how the Supplies intended yearly to be granted for the Maintenance of the War have fallen short.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House, how the Supplies intended yearly to be granted for the Maintenance of the War have fallen short: And that the Secretary to the Treasury do the feme.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee, That he was directed to move the House, That an Account may be laid before the House, as soon as conveniently may be, of what is due to the Quarters in Flanders.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House of what is due to the Quarters in Flanders: And that the Lord Ranelagh do the feme.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to Report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for providing for the Deficiencies, and for disbanding the Army.

Ordered, That the Petition of Andrew Young, relating privilege of to Sir Edward Hungerford, be read upon a Member

Morning next: And that Sir Edward Hungerford do in a Suit* then attend in his Place.

And then the House. adjourned till Tuesday Morning next; Nine a Clock.

Mortis, 1* die Februarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Pbayers.

ORDERED, That Mt.Harley, Mr. Newport, Sir John Poor Relief.

Phillips, Sit Henry Goff, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Perry,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Shackerley, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for. explaining an Act made in the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for fiipplying

feme

76

i° Februarii.

A. 1697.

Lewin*

Estate.

Dr. Langford thanked.

Dun Navigation.

A jre and Calder Navigation.

ftitto.

Tome Defe€te in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, is committed.

An ingrafted Bill, from the fiords, intituled, An Act to enable John Leam to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Doctor Langford, for the Sermon by him preached before this House Yesterday at St. Margarets, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Sir Robert Daoers, and Mr. Bromley, do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Rotherham, situate upon the River Dun, in the West Riding of the County of York, was' presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there has been ancient.. a great Market and Trade at the said Town; and the making the said River navigable to Sheffeild, for which there is a Bill in this House, will be of public Good to all the adjacent Country: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the making the River Ayre and Calder navigable, at the Charge of such Persons as shall undertake the fame: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

A Petition of several Merchants and others within the City of London, trading to and from Leeds and in the County of York, and other Places near thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That a great Trade is carried on in the Woollen Manu-fastures, and other Commodities, to and from the said Towns; and that, for want of Water-carriage thereabouts, the Dealers therein are at great Charges for Land-carriage;

which may be accommodated by passinga Bill now in the House for making the River Ayre and Calder navigable:

And praying, That the said Bill mav pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition dk> lie upon the Table, until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the an- Ayre and cient City of York, was presented to the House, and read; Calder Navi-setting forth, That by the River Ouze, which floweth SaUon* from the Mouth of Humber to the said City, the Commerce thereof is maintained; and if the Rivers of Ayre,

Calder and Dun, or either of them, should be made navigable, the River Ouze will be totally drained, and Trade interrupted thereby, to the Ruin of the said City:

And praying That the House will not pass a Bill for making the Rivers Aire and Calder navigable; which will greatly prejudice Trade in the Northern Parts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Bond have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Sir Samuel Bamardiston, according to Order, reported. Army Debt*, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Officers, Inn-keepers, and Clothiers, that served in, quartered, and cloathed the Army raised by an Act of Parliament in 1677, and disbanded by another Act in 1679, wa9 re* ferred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee, having inspected the Petitioners Demands, and seen many of their Orders, signed by Three or more of the then Lords of the Treasury, upon their Debentures, by which they make good their Claims, as also what Sir Robert Howard, Auditor of his Majesty g Exchequer, hath certified to be due upon the Orders registered upon the said Act made in the 31st Year of the Reign of King Charles the Second, for granting to his Majesty an Aid of 206,462/. 17 s.3d. for paying off and disbanding the Forces then raised; do find the Account to be as followeth; viz.

That the Orders, registered upon the said Act, amount to the Sum of

£ 234,048

That there has been paid of Principal Money, in Course, upon the said Or- j ' registered.....J

3

d.

9

ders, as they Hand now

So that the said Act stands overcharged of Principal Money, besides In- j terest - -- --J

Whereof there appears to be due

Upon the Orders registered for Quarters for the said Army -

And upon the Orders registered for cloathing the said Army -

Total of Principal Money due for Quarters and Cloathing -So that the Balance of the said 59,075/, 65. 8 being 9,145/. 19$. 10 d.appears to be due upon the Orders registered for the Officers Pay: But the Committee not being directed, by the Order of the House, to state the feme, they humbly submit that Matter to the House.

That there is due for Interest, according to the Direction of the said Act at % per Cent, of the 27,390 I 13*. nrf.

For Quarters from Michaelmas 1679, to Michaelmas 1697, being 18 Years -Whereof there has been paid upon the Orders registered for Quarters and Pay

17 1

Total of Principal and Interest, no Interest being directed by the Act fori Cloathing - -' - - - -J

£. s. d.

59,°75 6 8

27,390

22,53*

3

12

11

11

49,929 6 10

39»39°

23,882

13

4

11

15,508 9 7

- £ 65,437 16 5

That it appeared to the Committee, That the Petitioners said Accounts have been several times, , viz. the 16 July 1689, the 15th May, and the 25th November 1690, Hated by Committees, and by them reported to this House, amounting then to 61,926/. 35. nd.; which is more by 2,850/1 17 3d. than appears

upon the said -Register at Sir Robert Howard's Office that laid Sum being due upon Debentures, signed by the Commissioners for disbanding only, which have not had Orders from the Treasury made thereupon: And that, upon making the said Reports, the House did resolve to go into Committees of the whole House, to consider of

Ways

p W. lit

Februari

11

Ways and Means for raising the Supplies granted fortlie Payment of the said Debt; as by the Entries in the Journals of this Iloufe will more fully Appear.

That it also appeared to the Committee, That many of the puor Petitioners have been very great Sufferers, by their not receiving their Money in the time the said Act Land-Forces, from the ift Day of April 1692, to the

in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

X'iz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to clear the Arrears of Pay to the

Privilege.

seemed to give them Hopes they should; and that, for want thereof, several Families have been ruined, and the rest very much damnified in their Fortunes.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for providing for the Deficiencies, and for disbanding the Army.

A Petition of Dame Ellen Williams, Widow, and Re- lift of Sir William William, of in the County of

Carnarvon, Baronet, deceased, was presented to the House:

last Day of September 1697, according to the Establishment, the Sum of 1,200,054/. 165. 3

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to clear the Arrear of Subsistence to the Troops in England, according to the Regulation thereof, between the lit of January 1696, and the ill Day of August 1697, the Sum of 203,415/. 7 9

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to clear the Arrear of Subsistence due to the Troop of Scot Is Guards in , and the Re-

S'ment and Companies in the West-Itu/ies, from the ift 'ay of January 1696, to the 20th of November 1697, inclusive, to which time the Army in England was sub-

And the same relating to Mr. Owen, a Member of this filled, except for the Seven Months, between the ift Day

House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Mr. Owen do attend in his, Place Tomorrow Morning: And that the Petition be then read.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the County of Cambridge, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the cermng Rob- Counties of Kent, Essex, and York, be added to

nes' the Committee, to whom the Bill for regulating and

Cambridge

Election.

Laws con-

of January 1696, and the lit Day of August 1697, the Sum of 21,348/. — s. gd.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to dear the Arrear of Soblistence to the Troops in Flanders, to the 4th Day of October 1697, the Sum of 450,816/. 17 s.8 Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to clear Contingencies for the Troops in Flanders, to the 4th Day of October 1697, the Sum of 28,293/. 2 5. 4 d.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the General Officers, with their

amending the Laws concerning Robberies on the High- Aids de Camp, and the Majors of Brigade, the Sum of ways, and Hue-and-cries, is committed. 50,000l.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Privilege of A Petition of Katherine Hodgson, Widow', and Execu- That there is due for Arrears of Pay to the Land-Forces,

Suit.

Dun 'Navigation.

a Member in trix of Eduard Hodgfen, Esquire, Son and Heir of Sir Guards; and Garisons, from the last Day of September ----- - - 1697, to the 31st Day of 1697, inclusive, the

Sum of 75,000 /.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is further due to clear the Arrear of Subsistence due to the Troops in Flanders, from the 4th Day of October 1697, exclusive, to the last Day of Decembe?' inclusive, the Sum of 137,990/. — s. gd.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it appears, That, towards the said Sums, there did remain in the Hands of the Paymaster of the Army, the ift Day ot January 1697, the Sum of 85,550 /.

95.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to several Regiments late under the Care of the Right Honourable Thomas Lord and Charles Fox Esquire, to the time they were placed on the English Establishment, according to the Account delivered in to the House by the Lord Coningsby the 14th Day of December last, the Sum of 99,951 /. 18 j. Aid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to several Regiments, to be cleared of their Irish Arrears, till the last Day of March 1692, according to the Account delivered into the House by the tta. tort Da, of Decker laf, uJsotn

tn-anted for the Maintenance of the War have fallen ftiort. °*27,23?.. 1/ 1. t . - , _ ,

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, . The {&ld Resolut, ons beinS Severally read a Second

to be perused by the Members of the House.

Hindon Election.

Thomas Hodgson, deceased, was presented to the House

And the same relating to Sir Thomas a Mem-

ber of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Travell do attend in his Place upon Thursday Morning next: And that the Petition be then read.

A Bill to make navigable the River Dun, in the County of York, at the Charge of such Persons as shall undertake the fame, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divide.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yea,

Tellers for the Noes,/

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Calthrop have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Hindon, in the County of Wilt

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the ouse an Account, how the Supplies intended yearly to b granted for the Maintenance of the War have fallen short.

92.

Call of the House.

Supply#

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Morning next: And that such Members as shall not then attend the Service of the House, be sent for in Custody diet of the said Supply, of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it

time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider fur-

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Timber in next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole New-Forest* - , c House, to consider further of the Bill for Increase and

was referred to consider further of the Supply to be p,elbr.ation of Timber in the Kew-Fomt, in the County granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means lor pro- of Sout/«mpMn.

viding for the Deficiencies, and for disbanding the Army; s

the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had this Letter from f directed him to report to the House; and which he read Morning received a Letter from Mr. Duncomb in the tnUmr, VoL. XII. X;

' False indorsing Exchequer Bills.

Members expelled*

Bill forpti-nishing Knight and Duncomb.

Orders touchingPw-fons in custody, &c.

i — 2° Februarii. A. 1697.

Tower; which he desires mdy be communicated to the House: And the same was read; and is as followeth;

viz.

Sir,

I Beseech you to acquaint the Honourable House, That I have received their Favour, of the Liberty granted by them for putting in my Answer, with my utmost Thankfulness. The Misfortune of being under their Difpleai'ure lieth very heavy upon me; and my Pains from the Gout are excessive; so that I am not able to do it this Day; but, as soon ps God shall please to ease me of them, I shall put in my Answer: Towards which, I should have been much better enabled, had it been their Pleasure to have granted me the Assistanqe for which I petitioned: However, I hope it will be to the clearing me from what is charged upon me. 1 am, with all Kefpeft, Sir,

Tower, February Your most humble and

ill. 169!. obedient Servant,

Cha.

Ordered, That the Attendance of Mr. Re-

ceiver of the County of Yorbe adjourned till Tomorrow Fortnight.

Ordered, That Mr. Levy and Mr. Glover do then attend this House as Witnesses.

The House proceeded, according to the Order of the Day, in the further Consideration of the Matter touching the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Hern, Mr. and Mr.

Tayler, Officers belonging to the Trustees for circulating Exchequer- Bills, do examine the Exchequer- Bills which have been cancelled; and lay before this House their Observations thereupon, in reference to false Indorsements-.

Ordered, That the Secretary to the said Trustees do lay before this House a Copy of the Methods and Rules, agreed upon by the said Trustees, for circulating Exchequer- Bills.

It appearing to this House, upon Examination, That John Knight Esquire, a Member of this House, is guilty of false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills;

Resolved, That the said Mr. Knight be expelled this House.

It appearing to this House, on Examination, and by the Confession of Charles Duncomb Esquire, a Member of this House, That the said Air. Duncomb is guilty of contriving and advising the making false Indorsements of Exchequer- Bills s and of paying the same into the Receipt of Exchequer for Excise, although they had never passed through that Revenue;

Resolved \That the said Mr. Duncomb be expelled this House.

Ordered, That a Bill or Bills be brought in for punishing John Knight Esquire, Charles Duncomb Esquire, and Barth. Burton Gentleman, for false indorsing Exchequer- Bills: And that the Lord Marquis of Hartington, Lord Ashley, Mr. Attorney General, and Mr. Solicitor-Genera), do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Bartholomew Burton be brought to this House upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. John Knight, Mr. Duncomb, and Mr. Burton, be permitted to have their Friends resort to them.

Ordered, That Mr. ffrilliam Huddleston be brought to this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Darby and Mr. Andrew Huddleston be brought to this House upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Levy and Mr. Helbom do attend this House, upon Thursday Morning next, as Witnesses.

Ordered, That Mr. Manyott be permitted to have bfe Friends resort to him.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 2* die;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Harles May, Esquire took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill to naturalize Charles May Esquire was read a May's Nat. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Guyn. Mr. Thornliagh, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Thompson,

Sir IVm. Coriton, Mr. Lambton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir IVm. Bou'cs, Mr. Vincent, Sir John Kay, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Broody, Mr. Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Next-port, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Pelham,

Air. Iloraney, Sir John Bucknall, Sir John Cotton, Sir IVm. Couper, Mr. Mounlague, Lord Coningsby, Air.

Gery, Lord Ashley, Mr. Guy, Sir Hen Colt, Mr. Pag'd, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Gardner, Air.

Fuller, Mr. Maxvdit, Mr. Slater, Mr. Manly, Mr. Bio-

feild. Air. Burrington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for the Increase and Prefer- Salmon Pre-vation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers fervatioa‘ of this Kingdom, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of the Tanners, Shoemakers, Sadlers. Cur- Dutie* on riers, and Bridle-cutters, within the Borough of Leomin- Leather. ster, in the County of Hereford, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the imposition upon Leather, their Trade is brought to Ruin, and themselves and Families to Poverty: And praying to be eased of the Burden thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Ditte, Sadlers, and other Traders in Leather, Inhabitants of the Towns of Pontefract, Wakefield, and Barnsley, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Duty laid u|x>n Leather, the Trades therein are in a Manner become useless; and if the Duty be not taken off, the Petitioners will be forced to lay down their Trades: And praying Redress in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the several Tanners within the West- Ditto. Riding of the County of York was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since the Duty laid upon Leather, many of the Petitioners are forced to leave off their Trades, to their great Impoverishment; which is a great Prejudice to the Leather-Manufacture, and lessens the Price thereof: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition

p W. Ill* l6 Februarii*

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Baymakers, Perpetuanamakera, and mrtactures. Saymakers, of Colchester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Inhabitants of the said Town chiefly depend on the Woollen Manufactures; which have met with such Discouragements, by a Sort of Men called Wool-jobbers, who ingross great Quantities of Wool, and advance the Price thereof, that that Trade is greatly prejudiced thereby; and the Petitioners conceive, the Importation of Wool from Ireland would be a great Encouragement to the said Trades: And praying, That Colchester may be made one of the Porta into which the Wool from Ireland shall be imported.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the w hole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Irela into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Town of

Ottery, in the County of Devon, was presented to the Iloule, and read; ft-tting forth, That the said Town chiefly subsists by the Manufacture of Serges; but has been very much impoverished of late by the Increase of the Irish Woollen Manufactures, which can be fold cheaper than the English', lb that many Mailers of Ottery have been forced to lay down their Trades: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Irela into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland', is committed.

Aire and A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Sheriffs, Citizens, Calder Nap and Inhabitants, in the City of Lincolne, was presented ugation. tQ t|je jjoufe> and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield, in Yorkshire, are the principal Markets for the Northern Cloth, and are situate upon the Rivers Aire and Colder-, which are capable of being made navigable; and which will much redound to the Advantage of all the Cloathing Towns in the North: And praying, That the Bill depending in the House, for making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Calder, may pals into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of

bury, in the West-Riding of the County of York, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and Wakejeild, are the chief Markets in the North for Cloth, and are situate on the Rivers Ayre and Calder\ the making of which navigable will be an Advantage and Improvement of Trade: And praying, That a Bill may pals for making the said Rivers navigable, the same being capable thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Quartering A Petition of Robert Tayhr, John Dcbman, John Soldiers on Hitchcock, Thomas Fawle, and Richard Inha-

Victuallera. t>itants and Victuallers in the Taxer Hamlets, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Victuallers within the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Justices of the Peace there had commanded the Petitioners to continue Subfillence to the Soldiers of Colonel Tidcomb's Regiment, quartered upon the Petitioners, on pain to have their Licences iuppressed; though there is due to the Petitioners above 3,338/. the Want of which hath reduced them to extreme Poverty: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do xamine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Gzn/n, Mr.

Sir Christ. Mufgrace, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Alarm.

Mr. Cornwallis, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Arnold, Colonel

Perry, Lord Castleton, Sir Win. H Mr. Norris,

Mr. Pagit, Mr. Gerrord, Mr. Henly, Mr. York. Lord Ashley, Sir Edw. Seymour, Lord Dighy, Sir York,

Sir Jacob, Ashley, Mr. B/athzvaite, Sir Hen. Colt. Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Moncton, Sir Robert Davers,

Mr. Colt, Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Blof eild, Mr. Mountstevens, Colonel Wharton, Mr

Mr. Daniel, Sir John Kay, Sir Rich. Mr. Dolben, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr.; and all

the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Henry Vaughan Esquire was presented to Privilege of the House: Memberin a

And the same relating to Sir William Williams, a Mem-her of this House; who not being in the House:

Ordered, That Sir William Williams do attend in his Place Tomorrow' Morning: And that the said Petition be then read.

A Petition of several of the Proprietors of the Mil- Deficlencyln lion-Adventure Tickets, and Annuities, on Tonage of Million-Ad-Ships, on behalf of themselves, and other the Proprietors tickets &e thereof, was presented to the House, and read; setting ' forth. That there is a Deficiency in Payment of the said Tickets due at Lady-day 1697; and of the Annuities of Tonage of Ships from Michaelmas 169,5, to Lady-day 1697: And praying. That the said Deficiencies may be supplied out of the first Aids to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for providing for the Deficiencies.

A Petition of John Darrell was presented to the House, Army Delta, and read: setting forth, That Colonel Cullembinc's Regiment being denied Credit in their Quarters, the Petitioner fuhlilted them in 1696, and 97, with upwards of 2001.; and the Regiment going to Flanders, the Petitioner staying behind to secure his Money, which yet is due to him, the Colonel put his Son into the Petitioner's Place; for want of which, and his said Money, the Petitioner is reduced to great Extremity: And praying the House to consider his Cafe, and give him Relief.

Ordered, That tire Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants and Victuallers in the Tower Hamlets is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the Counterfeit-. House a Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, ing Coin, clipping, and other dinrinishing, the Coin of this Kingdom: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, after this Day, upon Supply, every 1'uefday, Weilnesday, Thursday, and Friday, resolve

itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Grant, fron^ ing next, taken into Consideration the Accounts of the the Crown, Grants from the Crown, laid before the House.

Mr.

2e — 3° FehrUarii. A. 1697.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House an Account or Abstract of the Grants made from the Year 1660, to the Year 1679.

And the Title thereof was read j the Account or Ab-stratt itself being a great Volume.

Ordered, That the said Account or Abstract do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Aloney lent Mr. Lowndes also presented to the House an Account on Vote of of what Money hath been lent upon the late Vote of Cr"*"' Credit

And the same was received, and read; and is as follow*-eth: viz.

1 ft February 16g7.

Sam. , 250

Tho. Cremer, 150 William Com, 1,040

& 1,440

Woollen Ma- Then the House according to the Order of the Day kuifattures. . resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to encourage the Woollen Mnnu* failure in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the ('hair.

Sir John Eltwill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Ellwillreported from the said Committee, That they had made a considerable Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refotved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

-'* t 1 ' < -

Jovis, 3* die Februarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of, Wake- Ayre and field, in the Well-Riding of the County of York, was CalderN*-presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the making the Rivers Ayre and Colder navigable, not only the Petitioners, but all others, trading in Northern Cloths, will be benefited thereby: And praying, That a Bill may pass for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Town of Bradford, in the West Ditto. Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners carry their Goods above Sixteen Miles to the nearest Market by Land-carriage; which, by reason of the Bad-nefsof the Way, often receive Damage; and the Charge of Carriage is very great: All which Iticonveniencies may be removed, by making the Rivers Ayre and Colder navigable: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read -a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Detcf- Ditto* bury, in the West-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That making the Rivers Ayre and Colder navigable will be a great Improvement to the Cloathing-Trade in all the Northern Towns: And praying, That a Bill may pass for making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Horbury, Ditto, in the West-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, who deal in the Northern Cloth-Trade, are forced to carry their Goods Forty, Thirty, and Sixteen Miles to the nearest Market by Land-carriage; which is very chargeable; and may be eased, it the Rivers Ayre and Colder were made navigable: And praying. That a Bill may pass for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Ditto.

A PETITION of the Townof ,in theWeft-

Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield are the principal Markets for Cloth in the North of England; and it would be a great Advantage to Trade, if the Rivers Ayre and Colder were made navigable; whereby the Petitioners, and others, might convey their Goods by Water to the said Markets, which now they are forced to do by Land, to their great Charge and Trouble: And praying, That the Bill depending in the House, for making the River Ayre and Colder navigable, may pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace holden at Wetherby, in and for the West-Riding of the County of York, the 1 ith Day of January 1697, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That making the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the West-Riding of the County of York, navigable, will not only be a great Advantage to Trade in the Towns of Wak field and Leeds, but also to all other Towns concerned in the Northern Cloth-Trade: Add praying, That a Bill may pass for making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Ditto. Council, of the Borough of King' s-Lyin Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read $ letting forth, That

the making the Rivers Ayre and Colder.....will be a

great Improvement of Trade to all the Northern Parts of England, by reason of a general Commerce thereby, which will render the Carriage of Goods much cheaper:

That the Petitioners have considerable Dealings into those Parts; and are very sensible, the completing of that Work will be a general Good: And praying, That a Bill may pals for finishing so necessary a Work, as aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill depending in the House, for making the said Rivers navigable, be read a Second time.

Ordered, That an Account he laid before this House Imprefts to of what Money has been impressed to Mr. Burton and autl

Mr. Knight, for Premiums and Rewards, for advancing ll* Money, and other Services, since the lit Day of May 1697.

Ordered, That Mr. Hem do attend this House with False Tndorf- Mr. Powell's Letter, touching the false Indorsement of E*c*,e* Exchequer- Bills. <*uer Bllls‘

A Petition of Captain Christopher Bilwas presented Army to the House, and read; setting forth, That he was Arrears.

14 Captain

Fits-Harris* Eft ate.

Woollen Ma-aufaduret.

Escapes of Debtors*

Ditto.

Repealing 39 Eli*-against making Malt*

□ W. III. VFebMril 8i

Captain of a Company in the First Regiment of Marines, whereof Mr. Richard tiamage was Agent, \Vho received several Sums of Money upon Account of the said Regiment, and refutes to pay the Petitioner what is due to him thereout: And graying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Ibid Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of the Duke of dnd Leinster's

Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Litton Gerrard, Mr.

Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Blofield, Sir Hen. Hobart, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Edward Fitz-Harris Baronet is referred.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners conceive the Decay of Trade, and Consumption of the Woollen Manufactures in foreign Parts, is occasioned by the flight making, and great Abuse in (training the m; which has more and more increased since our Trade has fallen into the Hands of Foreigners, who beat down the Price upon the Maker, without re-

Srd to the Goodness of the Commodity: And praying ;ave to bring in a Bill to regulate the making of Woollen Manufactures; and to establish the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England, so as they may be most for the publick Interest; and for encouraging English Merchants to become the Exporters of our Woollen Manufactures; to recover our ancient Credit abroad.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture: And that Mr. Stevens, Sir George and Mr.

Colt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomai Woodward was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner charged one Thomas Young in Execution for 506/. in the Fleet Prison; but he is set at Liberty, notwithstanding the late Act against Abuses in Prisons: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Woodward is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Puryour Glazier, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner obtained Judgment against Tho. for 82/.

and charged him in Execution thereon in the Fleet Prison; yet the Warden of the Fleet suffers him to go where he pleaseth, contrary to a late Act of Parliament for preventing the Escape of Prisoners: And praying Relief therein; and that the Laws in such Cases may be made more strict and certain.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Woodward is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Michael Heathcote, Edward Bourne, Anthony Storer, Edmund Walker, John Burton, Richard Roafe, Robert Gilchrist, and Thomas Grace, on behalf of themselves, and several others, using the Malting-Trade, in the Borough of Derby in the County of Derby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That feme Maltsters of the said Town, who intended to ingrots that Trade to themselves, having great Quantities by them, have prevailed upon the Justices of Peace to make an Order of the 10 th of January lait, to rest rain and supprcls the Petitioners, from felling any Malt, or making any, for a Year; which tends to the lefieiling of Vo L. XII.

his Majesty^ t)llty tipoh ‘Mdit, and lile FftitlohCrs'Prejudice: Ana praying to jbfe relieved Against the said Order.

Ordered, That Leave Begiveri to bring in' a till to repeal, an Act made in the 39th Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth» intituled, An Act to restrain the excefove making of Malt; and to discharge and yacate all Orders made by the Justices of Peace for restraining of Maltsters from making of Malt since the late IJyty of 6d.per Bttlhel was laid upon Malt: And that Mr. Brolherton do prepare, and‘Bring in, the Bill.

Sir William Williams attending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition of Henry Vaughan Esquire, relating to him, was read; setting forth, That Thomas Vaughan Esquire, the Petitioner's Brother, was seised of a real Estate of 6001, per Annum, and a personal Estate of above 5,000l.; and having Issue only John, an Infant, made his Will the 30th of J 1685, and deviled his real Estate to his Son John, and his Heirs; and, for want thereof, to the Petitioner, lor want of Heirs of Thomas-, making Sir Wm Williams, and Three others who are dead, Trustees: That Sir William was the only acting Trustee, and possessed the said Will, not yet proved, and Deeds of the Estate of Thomas, and received the Rents for about Eight Years; and about June 1696, John Vaughan died without Iliue, or any Account had; and the Petitioner hath taken Administration to him, and Thomas, with the Will annexed; and w as by the Delegates ordered to' enter into Bond of 3,500 /. Penalty to pay John's Debts; which he hath paid feme hundred of Pounds beyond Assets received by him: That Sir William Williams is answerable to the Petitioner above 5,000l. for the said Estates; which he retuleth to pay, or deliver up the Deeds and Writings, inlisting on his Privilege: And praying Liberty to prosecute Sir William Williams, as he shall be advised, for Recovery of his laid Right.

Whereupon the said Sir William Williams declared, That he had not, nor will infill upon any Privilege.

Sir John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to appropriate the Monies arising by the Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, to discharge the Monies borrowed thereupon, and th.e Lottery Tickets mentioned in the said Act: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Rosse's Regiment, which lies upon the Table, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of the Duke of s and

Lienster's is referred: And that they do examine th* Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Bartholomew Burton being, according to Order, brought to the House;

He was called in to the Bar: Where he being acquainted, That the House understood he had something to offer to them; he offered to them, and read a Paper; which, he said, was his Cafe.

And then he withdrew.

And then the said Paper was read; and is as followeth; viz. ‘

To the Honourable the Commons of England, in Parliament assembled.

The same of Bartholomew Burton.

Most humbly sheweth,

That since his coming into the Receipt of Excise, which was the 8th Day of May last, he has duly applied all the Money arising in that Revenue, according to the Appropriations thereof; and that in the full Value of several Species in which it was received.

That, as to an Error alleged against him on one particular of Exchequer Bills, he prays he may make it

Y appear.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Army

Arrears.

False indorsing Exchequer Bills.

False indorsing Exchequer Bills.

8a

3° Februarii.

A \ 1697.

appear, That his Majesty's Service has not suffered there- To make good this, he refers himself to the following

by, he having paid more Money in Specie for the Service Account; which he is able to justify by the Oaths ana of the Office, than he has received by that Revenue. Certificates of the Persons concerned;

a/ f / / X

Comptrollers Certificate, amounts to -The new Money received from the Mint within the Time aforesaid, as by the Comptrollers Certificate, amounts to -

inclusive, as per the Auditor's Certificate

of the Persons who received it ——

Paid at the Office for Interest ——

Paid fevered small Sums for Principal -

Paid for Debentures -

Paid the Officers Salaries for Midsummer and Michaelmas, as by Certifi of Hamvorth Fitch ——

Paid for Incidents for the Service of the Office, as by Certificate of the! Persons who received it - - - J

Paid for Money imprest for the Service of the Office, as by Certificate of 1 the Person who received it- - -J

Remained in the Calli the ill of November 1697, which is since paid away 1 in the Office ----- ----- -j"

£ 1 S. d.

| 27,372 J 11 n*

j 142,264 9 2*

r. 169,637 1 1*

5,776 14 7

j 116,034 13 7i

} - 15,282 8 5k

2,625 3 8 i

819 8 9k

] 11,477 14 —

121,811

14,597

8

7

2{

1

30,204 14 HI 3.191 *5 9

1,600 ——

1,200 ——

£.172,604 6

By which it doth appear, he has paid 2,967/. 4 1 id. more in new Money than he received by the Revenue; and therefore hopes his repaying himself 1,700l. in Exchequer- Bills by that Revenue, in Part of the 2,967 /. 4 s. nd. which he advanced in Specie, and supplied the Office with, for Payment of Interest, Salaries, and Incidents, at such times when there was no Specie Money in the Office, will not be looked upon as a Crime, there being (till 1,267/. 4 s. 11 d.more paid by him in Specie, for the Service of the Office, than the Office has made good to him; for the reimbursing of which, he only, had their Non-specie Bills.

That, for the Encouragement of the Subscriptions to the circulating the Exchequer- Bills, the said Burton engaged all the Friends he could, and undertook to manage the Subscriptions of feme of them; viz.

Upon their depositing with him one-half of their Money subscribed in Specie.

This he presumed to take upon himself, solely for his Majesty's Service; being encouraged thereto by his Interest and Acquaintance with the Receivers of the Subsidy Act, and 12 d.Aid, who had promised, and did exchange several Sums for him.

All the others he was concerned for, he undertook to take the Trouble off of them, in discounting their Bills, and paying the Money to the Trustees, they being at the Loss of the Discount; feme of which have paid him, and the rest will, upon his balancing of Accounts with them.

That he, being obliged to attend his Majesty's Service at the Excise, was forced to make use of another Hand at the Exchequer, viz. Marryott, to transact his Affairs for him, That being the only Place where Receivers first lodged their Money; by whole Mismanagement, this Undertaking has fallen so heavy upon him.

That, for his Justification herein, he refers to the following Account;

£. t. d. s. d.

Earl of Rivers, on the first Subscription 3,000

Mr. Howard, on the same ----- 2,000

Captain Pitts, on the second Subscription 6,000

The Subscriptions by him undertaken for several Subscribers to the First andj Second Subscriptions, amounted to ----- - -j

40,555 ——

The Bills which he received upon Payment of tha Money, he disposed of as follows; viz.

To several of the Subscribers - ----- - 4,525

Paid for Taxes, and private Payments ----- -- 1,255

Discounted, as by Mr. Levy's Account ----- - 28,630

Left with Mar ryot, to be exchanged with Receivers, 6,000l.; though hel alleges he transa&ed for me 10,000l.; which, according to the Account I have > 6,000

kept, is not so - - - - -J ——

40,410 ——

He protests, He was no ways concerned, or privy to, any of Mr. Knight's Transactions in this Affair, nor with Marryott-, further than that he left the Bills in his Hands to be exchanged with the Receivers, and not to be made any other Use of, at the same time acquainting him, There was a great Trail reposed in him; for those Bills might be made Specie by his signing the m; but desired he would never do it; for if at any time he

wanted Money on those Bills, before the Receivers did exchange them, he would discount them.

Ever since Marriott's first Detection, he has had frequent Solicitations, both from him and Mr. Knight, to meet about this Affair; all which he was very averse to, and most of them he ubfolutely refused: The whole Dif-course which happened in them was of Marriott's Losses, which he alleged to be boo/, per Annum; how to make

them

9 W. III.

3* — 4° Februarii.

83

them good, in which he promised Marriott should be no Loser by what he suffered on his Account The last Meeting he had with them, was to procure the Signing of that 2,0001. Note, to which he was very industriously solicited.

He humbly prays Leave to protest to this Honourable House, That this is the whole Truth of his Transactions in this Affair; and to avow, That no other Person is anyway with him concerned therein.

And most humbly submits his same to the Mercy of this Honourable House, begging Pardon for any irregular Transactions in this Affair, he having in this, and all other his Aftings in his Majesty's Service, denied his own apparent Interest for the Service of the Government; by which he now stands Loser, by the Alteration of the Coin, as by the following Account, the Sum of 14,225 /.; in which, if not relieved, mud; inevitably prove his Ruin; viz.

For turning into new Money 16,035/. of old Money set off in the melting Certificates for current, which I was forced to lend upon \ 4,800

the Act for Wines and Tobacco, and fell at f 30 per Cent. Loss - - - J

Loss by Issues made in old Money, which,' at the Clamours of the People, I was forced to pay in new; and by the Exchange of old Money into new; for the Accommoda- > 9,425

tion of the pressing Necessities of the People, and at the Importunity of several Members of Parliament -

B. Burt.

14,225

or in Equity, against Sir Tko. Travel!, to recover her just Right.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir Eduard Hungerford, attending in his Place, ac- Privilege of cording to Order; a Member in

Ordered, That he do attend again upon this Day a Ult* Sevennight: And that the Petition relating to him be then read.

Rejohed, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Preventing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Coiruption of House, to consider of the Bill to prevent the Corrupting Junes* of Juries.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Februarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Pratebs.

SI R Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to Russia Trade.

the House a Bill for the encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Paper do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Then Mr. Burton was again called in; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Then Mr. William Huddleston was called in; and examined, touching the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills.

And then he withdrew.

Then Mr. Hern and Mr. Powell were called in together; and examined, as Witnesses.

And then they withdrew.

Then Mr. Hem was called in again; and examined.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Bartholomew Burton be remanded to the Prison of Newgate.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew Huddleston be remanded - to the Gatehouse.

Ordered, That Mr. Bateman, Mr. Dorrington, Mr. Abbott, Mr. Heme, and Mr. Powell, do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next, as Witnesses.

Ordered, That Mr. Darby be brought to this House' upon Saturday Morning next.

Exceeding* Ordered, That the Report from the select Committee, of War to whom the States, Eftiinates, and Accounts, presented Charges. f0 the House, were referred, touching the extraordinary Charge of the War, and the State of the Irish Debt, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege of Sir Thomas Travell attending in his Place, according a Member in to Order;

a Smt. The Petition of Katherine Hodgson, relating to him,

was read; setting forth, That Edward Hodgson Esquire, her late Husband, deceased, settled Lands in Yorkshire and Nottinghamshire on the Petitioner, for her Jointure;

which he also confirmed to her by his last Will; and died, being the only Son and Heir of his Father Sir Thomas Hodgson, who also had Three Daughters; one of which Sir Tho. Travell has lately married; and has since obtained from the Trustees of Sir Tho. Hodgson a Conveyance of his whole Estate; and has gotten Possession thereof, and will not I'uffer the Petitioner to enjoy the Premises so settled on, and bequeathed to her, iufifting on his Privilege: And praying Leave to proceed at Law, Vox.. XII.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Com- Petition from mon Council-men, and also of the Merchants, and other Leverpoole. principal Inhabitants, of the Corporation and Port of Leverpoole, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; seeing forth, That *

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Melcomb-the Clerk of the Crown to make out a new Writ, for Regie Writ, the elefiting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Melcomb-Regis in the County of Dorset, in the room of John Knight Esquire, expelled this House.

Ordered, That no Petitions be received after Ten a Time limited Clock in the Forenoon. for receiving

Petition*.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act Preventing to prevent the Throwing or Firing of any Squibs, Ser- throwing pents, or other Fireworks, without any Amendments: qm '&c* Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Maefacker'*, this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Natu- &c- NaU ralization of Gerrard Maefacker, and others: Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Farrington'* vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of Geo. Estate. Farrington Esquire, lying in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, settled upon the Marriage of William Farrington his Nephew; and with the Money arising the reby, lor purchasing of other Lands in Lancashire, where the ancient Estate of the Family lies, to be settled to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Kinneifl/* enable Thomas Kinnerjly Esquire, an Infant, to make a Estate-Jointure and Settlement of his Estate: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Downeton the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wrlt_ the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament

for

Salt to be sold by weight

Notes allowed to betaken from Papers before the house*

Papers to be re-delivered.

Baying and

felling

Offices.

Supply Bill; Arrears of Annuities.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit

Importing

Bone-lace,

frc.

Cambridge

Election.

84 4 Febfuarii: A1697.

for the Borough of Daameton in the County of Wilts, in the room of Charles Duncomb Esquire, expelled this House.

Mr. Foley reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to oblige all Retailers of Salt to fell by Weight was committed, That they had made fereral Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, one of them disagreed, and the rest agreed, unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis have Liberty to

peruse, and take Copies or Notes out of the Books and Papers which were delivered by him to the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts relating to the Duke of Schombergs Regiment, and which are now in the Hands of the Clerk of this House.

Ordered, That the Papers which were by Colonel

Byerly delivered to the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts, relating to the Accounts of his Regiment, and which are now in the Hands of the Clerk of this House, be delivered to the said Colonel Byerly by a Schedule.

Colonel Wharton, according to Order, prefen ted to the House a Bill to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices, and places of Trull: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for satisfying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities, which incurred between the 17th Day of May 1696, and the 17th Day of May 1697.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refotoed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Arthur Owen attending in his Place;

The1 Petition of Dame Ellen Williams, relating to him, was read; setting forth. That her late Husband, Sir Williams of VaynoU, deceased, was seised of divers Manors and Lands in Wales, and died possessed also of a considerable personal Ellate; the ..... of which real Ellate was litigated on Sir William's Death, between Sir Boucher Wray, the said Mr. Owen, and Dame Jane Sabisbury, as his Coheirs: That the said Mr. Owen, with many other armed Persons, made a forcible Entry on the Lands and Premises of Sir William, breaking open the Doors of his Two capital Messuages, and the Petitioner s Chamber and Closet; and took away all the Writings belonging to his Ellate; and refuse to allow the Petitioner Dower, inlisting on Privilege: And praying Relief therein.

Whereupon the said Mr. Owen was heard.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importing of foreign Bonelace, Needlework, Point and Cut-work, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Norris reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election for the County of Cambridge, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon: 25

Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read J and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Christopher Hatton, and several other Freeholders of the County of

bridge, complaining of an undue Election of Sir Rushout Cullen to Serve for the said County.

The Committee have examined the Merits of that

Election.

That the Counsel for the Petitiouers infilled on three Things;

ift, That the first Day of the Poll Esquire had a great Majority of Sir Rushout Cullen; and that the Poll was not rightfully and regularly adjourned till the next Day.

2dly, That some great Men had browbeaten and threatened some of the Freeholders, and used indirect Means for the gaining Votes for Sir Rushout Cullen.

3dly, That Money had, contrary to the late Act, been, expended upon several of the Freeholders that voted for Sir Rushout.

That it was agreed, that upon the Poll, the first Day, Mr. Pigott had the Majority; and that Mr. Pigott opposed the Adjournment to the next Day.

That the Petitioners Counsel called several Witnesses; viz.

John Welbore and Robert Swan testified, That the Election began Eleven a Clock, the 16th Day of December: That the Poll, according to an Agreement between the Candidates and the High-Sheriff, was taken at Four Courts till about Two a Clock in the Afternoon, at which time Two of the Courts were discharged; the Two Courts that then remained, were the Crown-Court, and the Nisi Prius Court; and that, about half an Hour after Four, the Nisi Prius Court, and the Persons attending the re, were discharged by the Sheriff, without being adjourned over to the next Day; and that a Person had his Hand upon a Book at that time: That, after the Discharge of the Nisi Prius Court, there were two polled at the Crown-Court; and then it being about a Quarter before Five, the Poll at the Crown-Court was adjourned to the next Day: That the Reason the Sheriff gave for the Adjournment was, That several could not come that Day, because the Waters were out; though the said Welbom and Swan testified, several came from the said Places that Day.

Allen Harrell said. That he heard the High-Sheriff lay, That Mr. Pigott had the first Day a Majority of 150 Voices; and believed Mr. Pigott would get the Day, let them do what they could.

William Cooke said, That the High Sheriff, after the Election, declared, He had advised upon it, and did not doubt but he was safe; and that the Earl of Orford had promised to get him Fourscore Pounds he was out of Pocket upon Account of Highwaymen.

AldingtonHarrifon laid, That the First Day of the Election he had his Hand on the Book at the Nisi Prius Court, intending to have polled for Mr. but was prevented by the Adjournment, but polled the same Night at the Crown-Court: That, being present at a Meeting of the Commissioners for the Tax, he heard Mr. Loane,a Commissioner, and Justice of Peace, say,

Should we elect a Man the King hath let a Mark of Disfavour upon ? The King is for having Sir Rushout Cullen chosen; But he could not say any Person was influenced by it: That he himself voted for Mr. Pigot; and that the Mark of Disfavour was, the King's putting Mr. Pigot out of Commission: That there was no proceeding upon the Tax at that Meeting.

Thomas White laid, He had no Money; but his Charges were borne to Cambridge by Mr. Marsh, who voted for the Sitting Member, and desired him to vote for him also; and that he would not have gone without his Charges: That the said Marsh paid near Half a Crown for him: That Mr. Steward would not bear his Charges for Mr. Pigott, so he voted for the Sitting Member: That he is a Freeholder of 5/. los. all Charges borne.

Thomas

9 W. IIL 4° Februarii. 85

Thomas Varnham, That Esquire Loane lent for the Freeholders; but told them, There was an Act against: Treating: And therefore, they paid 2 apiece; and Mr. Loane desired the Freeholders to be for Sir Rushout.

Charles Stewart laid, That one Gester, Esquire ering's Bailitf, paid 29 s.the Reckoning of 20 Men, who voted for Sir Rushout; but believes they were Mr. Pickering s Neighbours or Tenants.

% O c"* m

Joj. Sparrow, That the 15th June, he kept a private ' Court for Mr. Holgate; and Mr. lent for him,

and they dined together; and Mr. Sizer sent for several

v' O '

Freeholders; that Five or Six Freeholders appeared, of which there was but Three, that had Business at the Court; and that, upon Account of the Freeholders, they had a Quarter of Lamb extraordinary; that Mr. Sizer, recommended Sir Rushout; and that, their being several Tenants of the Court, he paid ioj. and Mr. Sizer 6s.: That he voted for Mr. Pigott; but Three of the Freeholders, that appeared then, he knew voted for Sir Rushout.

Geo. Baker said, He kept the Crown Inn in:

and that Mr. Tregomell Framp paid between 31, and 41, for about 20 Men; niol't of which came from Newmarket t -, but he could not say, it was by the Direction of Sir Rushout Cullen, or any of his Agents.

Henry Porter said, He was present a Bowl of Punch; it being Court-time, when Esquire Rowland treated his Tenants; and that Mr. Rowland asked him to be for Sir Rushout, and he said, He would vote as the rest of his Neighbours.

John Flax ell said, He was a Freeholder, of 40& per Ann. and came to be polled for Mr. Pigott foe first Day, and was prevented by foe Books being shut up; but said,

It was Candle-light, and his Matter could not spare him the next Day; and so he was not polled.

Thomas Ellington, That he was at the Bear in

Cambridge, and a Gentleman, unknown to him, gave to, 16 Men, that came from L 5 or 6«. apiece, openly, in the Yard; and that he heard them say. They would vote for Sir Rushout: That he declared it to somebody aboufTen Days before he attended the Committee; but could not remember to whom; nor give a very good Account about that Matter.

Thomas Daresly, Robert Nun, Dr. Crefnall, said. That Robert Nun collected about 305. of which Dr. Crefnall paid 5 s.; some paid Half-a-Crown; feme 1 s. and Nun paid Half-a-Crown; that it was paid by foe Freeholders, amongst foemselves, who voted for Sir Rushout, to drink together before they set out, and towards other Charges; and that it was agreed, That the poor Freeholders should partake; that there was about 15 s.spent accordingly, at the Bull; and about Three-

score People appeared; but it did not appear, That Sir Rushout ordered, or contributed, any thing towards the Collection.

Dingly Askam said. He was a Freeholder; and, being at foe Election, addressed to the Sheriff, to have a Map removed; whereupon, foe Lord Cutts asked him, What he had to do r to which he answered, with his Hat on, That he had as much to do, as any-body else; the Lord Cutts said, He was an impudent Fellow, and ought to be committed.

Obadiah Barnes and John Flack, That foe Lord Cutts said, Mr. Drake had done fomefoing about Adjournment of the Court foe Night before, which w ould amount to a Riot, and he should answer it in the House of Commons: And Flack further said, That he asked some Freeholders to vote for Mr. Pigott; particularly, Robert Hill and Robert Adams; and they laid, They durst not; they were afraid of Mr. Loane: But he could not say, that he ever heard Mr. Loane threaten; but Adams staid at home; and Hill voted for Mr. Pigott.

John Walcham said, That some on JVisbich Side was at the Election on Thursday;particularly, Robert Gun, who lived at March, and the Sheriff; and believes the Roads were better on Wednesday than on , because

Vol. XII.

of the Frost; and though a Breach was made in the mid- Cambridge die Level, yet the Roads were never the worse. Election.

Then the Petitioners produced Two Letters from the Earl of Orford; both without Subscription, and in foe

fame Words; whereby he recommended the Sitting Member as a very fit Person, well qualified, both in Understanding and Estate; and that Mr. Pigot had not signed the Association.

That for the Sitting Member to answer what was alledged, and proved by the Petitioners, were called several Witnesses; viz.

Sir Henry Pickering, who said, He was at the Election all the while; and when it was near Five a Clock on Thursday, a Message came from foe Crown-Court to the Nisi Prius Court, to bid them come over to the other Court: But one Drake said. We will not be adjourned; we would fain fee, who will adjourn us: Upon which the Sheriff came, and adjourned the Court to the next Morning, Eight a Clock; and he thought it was time so to do; for the People began to throw Squibs, and the Tapsters, 8$c. were got drunk: That Mr. Pigott was in Court next Day, all foe while, and polled, as near as Sir H. Pickering could judge, near Fourscore; and, after foe Poll was over, he went into the Chamber, and his Friends cast up the Poll with the others: That on Friday Morning Mr. Pigot would have had the Poll closed; but the'

Sheriff would not; saying, he was an Isle of Ely Man; and he knew it impossible for the People of that Side to come the Day before.

Edward Bailey said, He was at the Prius Court when a Clerk for Sir Rushout brought Orders from the Crown-Court to adjourn; and that Mr. Drake opposed it; and that afterwards, foe Nisi Prius Court was adjourned till next Morning.

John Bellamy said, That Twelves, and some others, came to his House, and told him, the Banks were broke; and if they had been broke near them, as they thought at first, it would have been impossible for them to have stirred; and they agreed all, not to stir that Day; and sent a special Messenger to desire foe Court might be adjourned to next Day.

Mr. Loane said. That the Meeting, mentioned by Mr. Harrifun, w as to receive the Assessment; but their Clerk was wanting, and so they did not proceed upon it: Believes, he dfd then declare himself to be for Sir Rushout Cullen-, but uled no Threats, or Promises of Reward; nor treated; nor had any such Direction from Sir Rushout , but Sir Rushout hath often begged of his Friends, not to treat: That he had no Direction from the Court to give a Character of Mr. Pigot; but believed he might say.

That he thought Sir Rushout the more proper Man; and that it would be like an Affront, foe King having set his Mark of Displeasure upon Mr. Pigott, in so lately displacing him; that he believed Mr. Pigott did sign the Association after it came to be a Law, but not before; having objected against the Words " Rightful and Lawful," and the Word " Revenge."

That, upon the whole Matter, foe Committee came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Sir Rushout Cullen is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution, That Sir Rushout Cullen is duly elected a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Cambridge.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That foe Petition of Sir Christopher Hatton and Sir Richard Bennett Baronets, and other Freeholders of the County of Cambridge, unto this House, complaining of foe late Election of a Knight of foe Shire of the County of Cambridge, is frivolous and vexatious;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Z Teller*

&6

40 Februariu

j4. 1697.

Tellers for the Teas,-,

(Sir IVm. Strickland, [Mr. Palmes:

Teller* for the No ^{sk

So it passed in the Negative.

jing.

1165.

J

Exceeding* of War Charges.

Mr. Korn's,according to Order, reported, from the

fele£fc Committee, to whom the several States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, were referred, the Matter, touching the Estimate of the Arrear of the extraordinary Charge of the War, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Crandenbukgii. That, by an Abstract of the Treaties

by another Abstract of the Payments, it appears, there was due, the lit of Novemberlaft, an Arrear of 50,000 Kixdollars for his Majesty's Share; being Two-thirds of the said Subsidy.

Holstein. That, by an Abfiiact of the Treaties for Subsidies, it appears, That there was payable to the Duke of Holstein75,000 Rixdollars a Campaign; of which, by

another Abstract; of the Payments, it appears, That there was due, the 1 It of November last, an Arrear of 25,000 Rixdollars, being Two-thirds of the said Sublidv.

King of Denmark. That, by an Abstract of the Treaties for Subsidies, it appears, That there was payable to the King of Denmark, in Consideration of an intire-Prohibition of Commerce between that Crown and France, 200,000 Rixdollars a Year, during the War, at Four

for Subsidies, it appears, That there was payable 10,000 Quarterly Payments each Year; of which, by another

Rixdollars per Month to the Elector of Brawlenburgh; of which, as by another Abstract of the Payments, it

appears, there was due, the 1 ft of November last, an Arrear of 180,000 Rixdollars.

Hesse-Casse l.That, by an Abstract of the Treaties for Subsidies, it appears, That there was payable to the Landgrave of Hesse-Casscll 10,000 Rixdollars per Month; of which, as by another Abstract of the Payments, it appears, there was due, the 1 ft Day of November last, an Arrear of 254,000 Rixdollars.

Wolfembuttle. That, by an Abstract of the Treaties for Subsidies, it appears, That there was payable to the Dukes of Wollfembuttlc 100,000 Rixdollars per Ann. by Twelve equal Monthly Payments; of which, as by another Abstract of the Payments, there was due, to the lft of November last, an Arrear of 121,223 Rixdollars for his Majesty's Share; being Two-thirds of the said Camp Subsidy.

Memorandum. The Pay of these Troops was provided for in the Establishment; but this is over and above for A near of Subsidies, pursuant to the 7th Article of the Treaty, ligned and sealed the lit Day of June 1694. Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the Com-

Muxster. That, by an Abstract of the Treaties for mittee of the whole House, who are to consider further Subsidies, it appears, That there was payable to the of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of M ays Bishop of Munster 20,000 Rixdollars a Month, besides and Means for providing for the Deficiencies.

5,000 Rixdollars a Month more, while his Troops were

Abstract of the Payments, it appears, There w as due, the 1 ft of November last, an Arrear of 111,111 Rixdollars for his Majesty's Share; being Two-thirds of the said Subsidy, besides the like Share of 300,000 RixdoJlais, payable within Three Years; both which Sums maybe 1'atisfied with 200,000 Rixdollars.

Memorandum. All the above-mentioned Sums Amount to 245,055 /. Sterling, at Four Rixdollars to the Pound.

That, by several Accounts of Bread and Fo-1 £ rage, it appears, there remains to be due to the I- 177,000 Contractors for the fame, the Sum of - -j

Memorandum. This Charge is over and above what is allowed by the Establishment.

That there is demanded for the King's Aids dej ( rQ0 And for Physick for the Army for the last Year 4,500

6,000

Amounting together to - -

O O

in Flanders; of which, by another Abstract of the Payments, it appears, there was due to the 1 ft of November, last, an Arrear of 149,997 Rixdollars, for his Majesty's Share; being Two-thirds of the said Subsidy,

Hanover and Cell. That, by an Abstract of the Treaties for Subsidies, it appears, That there was payable to the Dukes of Hanover and Cell 75,000 Rixdollars a Campaign, towards the maintaining 6,000 Men, over and above the Four Regiments of Horse, and Four Regiments of Foot, provided for in the Establishment; of which, as

Principal due to English Ships Principal due to Dutch Ships

Mr. Norris also reported, from the said Committee, the Transport Account and State of the Transport-Debt, for the Re-ducing of Ireland, as it appeared to the said Committee;' which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon Consideration had of the Accounts and State of the Transport-Debt, due to Ships employed in the Reduction of Ireland, the same appeared to be as followeth; viz.

c

s. d.

d.

303,450 13 2 21,855 ——

Interest of 325,305/. 13$. 2d. at 5/. per Cent. "I s‘ J

Ann. for Three Years, is ----- -J

The Money paid into the Exchequer, and Bonds arising/ by the Duty upon Hawkers and Pedlars, is but - -J '4 5 1 7

The Money paid into the Exchequer, arising by thel c additional Duly upon Coffee, <$r. is but - - 22'^7 16 11

So that the Money arising by both Acts falls short of the Three Years Interest, allowed by Parliament; the]

Sum of ——

325,305 13 2

48,795 17

33,393 7

15,402 9 6

Remains then to be provided for - - £. 340,708 2 8

Memorandum. That the Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, <$'c. towards Payment of the Interest of the above-mentioned Debt, will expire the 2d Day of Map next.

And the Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a

further Provision for Payment of the said Interest, will expire the 25th Day of June next.

Ordered, That the said Report be referred to the said Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for providing for the Deficiencies.

Ordered,

Salmon Pre-

feivution.

Daws concerning Robberies.

Timber in Xtw For eft.

Prtition from Manchester.

Transport

Service.

Woollen Ma-nufadores.

Ditto.

9 W. III.

4° — 5® Februarii.

H

Ordered, That the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom, be read a Second time Tomorrow

.Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating and amending the Laws concerning Robberies on the Highways, and Hue and Cries, be read a Second time on Morn-

ing next.

o

Rcfdxed, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eontider further of the Bill for the Increase and Preli rvation of Timber, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 5° die Februarii Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Borough-Reve. Constables, Merchants, Tradesmen, and other chief Inhabitants, of Manchester in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the Iloule, and read; setting forth, That *

A Petition of divers Merchants, Owners, and Mailers of Ships, in thfe Town of Dartmouth, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; fi tting forth, That the Petitioners, in 1693, contracted with his Majesty's Commissioners for Transport-Service, for' several Ships, which the Petitioners equipped and dispatched, as they were directed, into his Majesty's Service; hut are rot paid for the same; and, for want of their Money, are reduced to great Streights: And praying, Tlmt Consideration innv be' had of their said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, are referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House.

A Petition of Nicholas Garrett and Alexander Garrett, Manufacturers of Silk and Hair Stuffs called Prunellos, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presentsd to the House, and read; setting forth, That the House having given Inttruffion to the Committee of the Whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woolen Manufactures is committed, That they receive a Clause to oblige all Judges, Magistrates, Students and others, of the Law, to wear Gowns made of the Woolen Manufacture, the Petitioners conceive, if a Clause for that Purpose should pass into a Law', it will be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and many poor People employed by them and of no Advantage to the Woolen Manufacture, in Regard the Hair and Silk are tire Returns of our Woolen Cloth: And praying, That the said Clause may not pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woolen Manufacture in England; and to restrainthe Exportation of the Woolen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; is committed.

A Petition of the Dyers, Setters, Callenders, and Prefiers, liv ing in and about the City of was*

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Perpetuanas, Serges, and Stuffs, did formerly receive their full Manufacture in England, before they were exported; but, of late Y< ars. Eoieigners, and others, export them white, to the great Impoverishment of many Thousands, who were employed in the said Trades, anti to the great Vol. XII.

Diminution of the King's Customs: And praying. That the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures white may be discouraged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee appointed to eontider of the Trade of England and Ireland; and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

A Petition of the Tanners. Curriers, Cordwainers, Sad- Duties on lers, Glovers, and other Artificers trading in the Making, Leather. Cutting, and dressing of Leather, in the Town and Borough of Pontefract, and other adjacent Places, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read 5 letting forth, That the high Duties upon Leather, and the Severity of the Collectors in gathering it, hath almost rendered the Petitioners incapable of carrying on their Trades; and if the said Duty be continued, it will be their utter Ruin: And praying Relief in the Premilts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Eellmongers, Leather-drcffers, and Glovers in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Towns of Raand Colne, in -Ayre and the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, Ca!,ler ^avi* and read; setting forth, That the making the Rivers 8atlon"

Ayreand Colder, in the West-Riding of the County of York, navigable, w ill very much redound to the Improvement of Trade, not only of the Tow ns of Leeds and Wakefield, but also all other Towns concerned in the

Northern Cloth Trade: And praying. That a Bill may be brought in lor that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be

o o

read a Second time.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of // Ditto,

field, in the West-Riding of the County of was

presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That making the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the West-Riding of the County of York, navigable, will be a very great Advantage to Trade, and save the great Expence, and foinetimes Damage, of Land-Carriage by reason of the Badnels of the Ways: And praying, That a Bill may pals for making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Town of Halifax, in the West- Ditto. Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are at present forced to carry their Goods many Miles hv Land-Carriage for Sale; which is very chargeable, besides the Damage which often happens to their Cloth, by reason of the Badnels of the Roads; all which might be prevented, if the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the Weft-lliding of the County of York, were made navigable:

And praying, That a Bill may be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Ow ners of Glals-works, in or near Dntv on the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to Glas*.

the House, and read; letting forth, That by their faici Trade they formerly maintained themselves and Families very comfortably; but the great Duty laid upon Glal's-wares has so IttiLned the Consumption of that Manufacture, and the Petitioners Employments therein, that if the Duty be continued the same will utterly ruin the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

Glais-

88 5° — 7 9 Febru 1697.

Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Person at- Ordered, That Mr. Francis Molyneux have, from the lowed to have (jlerk of this House, a Book, which he delivered to the foreThe *" Commissioners, for examining, taking, and stating, the House. publick Accounts; giving Security to return the same in Six Days next after his having the lame.

Farrington's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estates. for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of

George Farrington Esquire, lying in the Counties of Middlesex and Surrey, settled upon the Marriage of William Warrington his Nephew; and, with the Money arising the reby, for purchasing of other Lands in where the ancient Estate of the Family lies, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Escapes of Ordered, That Sir Roger , Sir John Man-

Debtors. waring, Mr. Sandys, Mr. Palmer, Mr Venables, Mr.

Swift, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Sir Fra. Masham,

Mr. Machell, Mr. WoodrojfMr. Mr.

Mr. Cooper, Mr. Perry, Air. be added to the

Committee, to whom the Petition of John is

referred.

examined, touching the Evidence given to thi? House, upon Thursday last, by Mr. John Powell Merchant, in relation to the false Indorsement of Exchequer Bills.

And then they severally withdrew.

Then Mr. Doddington, Mr. Bateman, Mr. Abbot, and

Mr. Herne, were called in, with Mr. Powell ', and they confronted him.

And then they withdrew.

Resolved, That the Evidence given by Mr. at the Bar of this House, in relation to the false Indorsement of Exchequer- Bills, for which he vouched Mr. Doddington, Mr. Bateman, Mr. Abbott, and Mr. appears to this House on Examination, to be false.

Ordered, That Mr. Powell be brought in; and, at the Bar, receive a Reprimand, upon his Knees, from Mr.

Speaker.

And he was brought in to the Bar; and, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Buying and Buying and Selling of Offices, and Places of Trust, be read upon this Day Sevennight. ce8'

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Kinnerfly's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. to enable Thomas Kinnersly Esquire, an Infant, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Salmon Pre- A Bill for the Increafeand Preservation of Salmon, and iervation. the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom, according to Order, was read a Second time.

> Resolved, That the Bill be committed to *.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the several Petitions relating to the said Bill, which were laid upon the Table until the Bill was read the Second time, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Exporting Ordered, That the Bill to explain the Act, made in the Watches. yth and 8th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting Watches, Sword-Hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver; be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next

Woollen Ma- Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of nufadures. the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to en-

courage the Woolen Manufacture in England; and to

restrain the Exportation of Woolen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Ellwill took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Ellwill reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, w'hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday

Morning next.

preventing Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-«f0 Junes°n night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Juries.

Exche* Then Mr. Doddington, Mr. Bateman, Mr. , Mr. 2r jails' Herne, and Mr. Darby, were severally called in; and 16

Luna, 7° die Februarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the poor Pipemakers of the City Duty <m of York was presented to the House, and read; Tobacco letting forth, That by reason of the heavy Tax laid upon lpts* Tobacco Pipes, both Mailers and Journeymen are reduced to great Want; and many of them want Bread: And praying, That the said Tax may be taken off; their Trade, at best, being very mean.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glais-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Fitx-Hani/ of Sir Henry Fitz-Harris is referred, have Power to fend Eftat*. for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Tanners, Shoemakers, Curriers, Duties <m Glovers, Sadlers, Fellmongers, and Leather-dressers, Leather, inhabiting in and near the ancient Town, Borough, and Corporation of Oakhampton in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they lie under many Grievances by reason of the Hard-ships of the Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, by reason they must pay the Duty on Sale of their Leather, though they must give Credit to the Buyer; or else must not trade, by reason of the Dealers then want of Money:

Also, if a Merchant would buy Leather, it cannot be delivered except on a Market-Day, before which perhaps the Ship is ready to fail; and then the Tanner loieth that Opportunity of Sale: And praying an Alteration of the said Act, for the Petitioners Ease.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom Vefry's Nat. the Bill for Naturalizing of Dudley Vefe an Infant, was committed. That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And lie delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

' Ordered,

Army

Arrears.

Timber in New-Foref*

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

9 W. III. 7® Februarii. 89

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to A Petition of the Non-commission Officers, and pri- whom the said Bill is committed, vate Horsemen, of Colonel Theodore Russel's late Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; letting A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, living Timber is forth, That, on the 20th March 1690, the said Regi- in or near the Borough of near the New- New-ForeO

ment was broke; and the Petitioners went forthwith into Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to other Regiments, in his Majesty's Service; and, in the the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners,

Petitioners Absence, the Colonel and Commission-Officers and their Predecessors, have enjoyed Common of Pasture, got their full Pay, and refuse to state the Petitioners Ac- Turbary, and Panage, in the said Forest; and they now counts, or pay them one Peny, though their Arrears are pay and do divers Rents and Services to the Crown for from 20 to 30/. a Man, being 120 in Number: And the fame: That they are informed a Bill is brought into praying the Relief of the House in the Premises. the House for the Increase and Preservation of Timber

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition in the said Forest, by inclosing Part thereof; which In-be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of closure will not only prejudice the Petitioners, but Mr. Francis Mo/yneux is referred. Thousands of others, who have an equal Dependence in

the said Forest with the Petitioners: And praying to be A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, living in heard against the said Bill, and near Exburp, near the New Forest, in the County of Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

setting forth, That they, and their Ancestors, have whom the said Bill is committed, time out of mind, claimed, and now enjoy, Common of

Pasture, Turbary, and Panage, in the said Forest; which Ordered, That the Town of Grantham be at Liberty Grantham

has been a great Nursery for breeding Cattle; and the to withdraw the Petition, touching the late Election for tletti.n.

Petitioners perform Services, and pay Rents to the Crown, the said Borough, for the same: That a Bill depending in the House, for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the said Fo- Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Members rest, will prejudice the Petitioners, and many thousand Westminster-hull, and to the several Courts there, and summon*^' others, who have the same Rights and Privileges: And into the Court of Requests, and summon the Members praying to be heard against the said Bill. there to attend the Service of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition And he went accordingly, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to And, being returned;

whom the said Bill is committed. A Bill to make the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the Ayre and

County of York, navigable, at the Charge of such Persons c.alder Na-A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, living as shall undertake the fame, was read a Second time. vigatioa.

In or near Fawley, near the New-Forest in the County of Ref That the Bill be committed to the Lord

Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; let- Fairfax, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Manley, Mr.

ting forth, That they, of Right, have Common of Pasture Sir John Fleet, Mr. Lambton, Sir Honywood, Mr.

in the said Forest; and pay and perform Rents and Ser- Bohun, Sir John Bolles, Mr. York, Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr.

vices to the Crown for the fame: That they are informed ' Daniell, Mr. England, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Methzvyn, Mr.

a Bill is brought into the House for the Increase and Pre- Baldwyn, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Foley, Hot

servation of l imber in the said Forest, which will destroy Wm. Lou ther, Sir Ayscough, Mr. Tankard, Sir

the Petitioners Privileges therein, by inclosing the same: Henry Colt, Mr. Machelt, Sir Rowland Mr. Hoare,

And praying, That they may be heard to give their Rea- Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Kirby, Mr. Blo/itld, Sir Ions against passing the said Bill. Robert Burdet, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Kay, Sir Cloudsly

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Shove ll, Sir Copley, Sir Win. Sir

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom Andrews, Mr. Mr. Palmes, Mr. Lowther,

the said Bill is committed. Mr. Sanford, Mr. Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Fra.

Masham, Sir Goff, Mr. Molyneaux, Lord Mr.

A Petition of several Inhabitants in and near the New- Aylmer, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Chr.

Forest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to Mufgraxe, Colonel Byerly, Sir Jekyll, Sir Marm.

the House, and read; setting forth, That they hold from WiveilSir Cha. Ilothain: And they are to meet this

the Crown several Lands near the said Forest, for which Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

they enjoy Common of Pasture therein; and pay and do Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Peti-

divers Rents and Services: That, about Four or Five tions for and against the said Bill, which were laid upon

Years ago, there was a Bill brought into the House, as the Table until the Bill was read the Second.....be

there now is, for the Increase and Preservation of Timber referred to the said Committee.

in the said Forest; which Bill was for Inclosing Part of Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive the Forest, and consequently destroying the Petitioners a Clause or Clauses, That the and Sunderland,

Rights and Privileges; but, on hearing the Petitioners, Coal-Trade may not be prejudiced by the said Bill, and others, that Bill did not pal's: And praying to be

heard against the now Bill. Sir William Drake according to Order, reported from Importing

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the Committee, to whom the Bill for rendering the Laws Bone-lace, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to more effectual for preventing the importing foreign Bone- 4c‘ whom the said Bill is committed, lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, was committed,

That they had considered the Bill; and heard the Peti-A Petition of several Freeholders, and others, living tioners against the fame; and had made several Amend-in or near the Borough of Lymington, near the New-Fo- mentsto the Bill; which they had directed him to report rest, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the to the House; and which he read in his Place; and af-House, and read; letting forth. That they, and their terwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Ancestors, have, beyond Memory, enjoyed Common of same w ere once read throughout; and then a Second time,

Pasture, Turbary, and Panage, in the said Forest; and one by one; and, upon the Question severally putthere-

pay antjl perform divers Rents and Duties to the Crown upon, agreed unto by the House.

therefore: And praying, That the Bill depending in the And other Amendments were made, by the House, to

House, for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the the Bill, by inserting in several Places " Loom-lace;" to

said Forest, may not pals; for that the same will preju- make tire Bill extend to that I.ace.

dice the Petitioners Rights and Privileges.

Vol. XII. A a Ordered,

9°

7* — 8° Fe

A1697.

Supply Bill; vacating Grants mi Ireland*,

Supply Bill;' vacating Grants since 1688.

Ditto by James II.

Ditto by Ch. II.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Accounts of the Grants laid before this House:

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for vacatkig ail Grauts of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February it>88;

and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick: And that Sir John Bolles, Sir Francis and Mr. Harcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the lame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, in England and Ireland, from the Crown, since the 13th Day ot February 1688; and for appropriating the <hme to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, in England and Ireland, from the Crown, during the Reign of the late King Jaand for appropriating the feme to the Use of tire Publick.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, for vacating all Grants of Estates, anti other Interests, in England and Ireland, from , the Crown, during the Reign ot King Charles the id; and for appropriating the feme to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Harcourt, and Mr. Dolben, do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills.

Ordered, That Leave be given to

bring in a

Bill to

Call of the House.

Timber in New Forest

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Setennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for iu Custody of the Serjeant at Arms, attending this House.

Refotced, That this House will, upon Saturday next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of the Timber in the Nan-Forest, in the County of Southampton.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Predecessors were, by Letters-Patents, dated 6* Februarii, 24* Phil '§ Maria, incorporated, with a Power to enjoy the foie Trade to Russia, and other Parts, then unknow n; which Letters Patents were confirmed by Act of Parliament, in the Sth Year of Queen Eliz Reign: That, since the said Grants, the said Company, and their Predecef-Ibrs, have greatly increased the said Trade, to the Advantage of England, at the great Charge of the Company: And now' there is a Bill brought into the House, as is pretended, for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia, which will greatly prejudice the Petitioners feid established Right, and discourage all such as are and shall be brought up in the said Trade: And praying, That they may be heard before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next: And that the Bill be afterwards read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough oi Preston in the Cou nty of , was present-

ed to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thomas W of Preston in the County of Lancaster, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

ft mating

clown Re- Preve°t tb© Alienation or Disposition of the Revenues of venues. the Crown: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Soli-, citor-General, Sir William Williams, Mr. Harcourt, and Mr. Jiolben, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Woollen Ma- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the mi a ures. w^0|e House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England-, and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the betta- preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and; was committed; be

made upon Saturday Morning next.

Punishing The Lord Marquis of Hartington, according to Order, for fcjfe in-" P^bintedtothe House Three several Bills, for the punish-doriing Ex- i°g John Knight Esquire, Charles Esquire,

chequer Bills. wid Bartholomew Bint on Gentleman: And the feme were received.

Ordered, That the Bills be read Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Dudley an

Infant, was read the Tlurd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Dudley an lufant.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill, From the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Kinnersley Esquire, an Infant, to make

a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Ashbey, Sir Gilbert Clarke, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Try, Mr.

Halsey, Mr. Manley, Sir WiDrake, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Arnold, Sir Francis MashamSir Robert Sir

John Bolles, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Sloane, Sir John Kay, Mr. York, Mr. Mount ague, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Gervas Elwes, Sir John Phillips, Lord Mr.

Philli-pps, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bromley, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Slater, Mr. White, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Swift; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Leu-in to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gery, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir John Woolstenholm, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Bromley, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Foley, Mr. Man fan, Mr. Payne, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Clark, Sir Robert

Burdet, Mr. Foley, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Mountsteven, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sloan, Lord Pawlet, Sir Wm. Bowes, Mr. Carr, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Done, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Bohun, Major Halsey, Mr. Moore, Mr, Frewen, Mr. Manly: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ruflla

Trade.

Mortis, 8° dieFcbritani; Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Company of English Merchants for Discovery of new Trades was presented to

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more eaty passing Sheriffs Accounts: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting,

clipping,

Petition Uom Preston.

Winckley'*

Petition.

Vezey's

Nat.

K»nner8ey

Estate*

Levin's

Estate.

Sheriffs

Accounts.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Leave of Abfeitce.

Supply Bill; A ri ears of Annuities.

Salmon Preservation.

Quartering Sddiers on Victuallers*

Laws concerning Bobberies*

Punishing Knight far false indorsing Exchequer Bills.

Punishing Duucorab for false indorsing Exchequer Bills.

Punishing Burton for false indorsing Exchequer

BnU.

Punishing Duticomb for false indorsing Efcehwoef Bids.

Ways and Means.

9 W. III. 8°- — 90 Februarii. pi

clipping, and other diminiftlifig, the Coin of this Kingdom, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refaked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Rushout Cullen hare Leave to go into the Country, to the Funeral of Mr. Buller.

Ordered, That Colonel Yates have Leave to go into the Country for Fourteen Days, his Lady being very ill.

Ordered, That the Bill for satistying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities which incurred between the 17th Day o i May 1 ( 96, and the 17th Day of May if>97, be read a Second time To motrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir Gercnfe and all the Member® that serve for the County of Lancaster, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom, is committed.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleafs to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made To-merfow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain the Act, made in Exporting the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, Watches* An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint*, to be coined, and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom $ so a* to give Leave for the exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Mahufefturel of Silver; be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committe.*.

And then the House adjourned till Tortnofrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 9* di Februarii;

Ordered, That the Lord Cutts, Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir Henry Belafys, Sir IVm. Semen Mr. Harly, Mr. Mil-

bank, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Taylor, and others, Inhabitants and Victuallers, in the Toner Hamlets, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating and amending the Laws concerning Robberies on the Highways, and Hue and Cries, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill for punishing John Knight Esquire, for false Indorsing of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Rcfoked, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

A Bill for punishing Charles Thmcomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Excliequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was, according to ( der, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Bill for punishing Bartholomew Burton Gentleman, for false Indorsing of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

A Petition of Charles Huncomb Esquire, Prisoner in the Ton er, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he is informed a Bill is brought into the House against the Petitioner, for several evil Practices, foppofod to be committed by him, in relation to Exchequer- Bills; of which he hopes to acquit himself: And graving. That he may have a Copy of the said Bill; and be heard by his Counsel thereupon: And that he may be allowed convenient Time to prepare himself for the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Knight, Mr. Huncomb, and Mr. Burton, may have Copies of the said respective Bills: And that they be heard by their Counsel, before the same do pals this House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into n Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the ( 'hair.

Vo l.XII.

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Cornet Robert Flagberty, and Ann Quarter-M after Whichchurch, of Colonel Arrear1,

Regiment of Dragoons, formerly commanded by Brigadier IVinn, was presented to the House and read; setting forth,

That they have served his Majesty from the Beginning of the Wars, till of late; for which they have a great Airear due to them; and being now.no further concerned in the said Regiment, hope they shall be accounted with, and cleared; for which they have fought, but could meet with no Redress: And praying the Relief the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Francis Motyneux is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Town and Wool-brog* Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, was ^ers* ^c* presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several Hundreds of Poor, for many Years, have had an honest Livelihood by Yarn-making, and Combing of Wool, who are now fallen under great Poverty for want of Employment, occasioned, as is conceived, by the late Growth of Ingrossers of Wool: And praying, That a Restraint may be by Law put upon Wool-broggers, and Ingrossers of Wool.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade of England and Ireland; and how to moke the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, and Commonalty, of Clothiers, in the City of Worcester, was presented to the Hor.fe, and read; setting forth. That the Poor about that City are chiefly employed in the Woollen Manu-fefture; but of late Years have wanted Employment, through the Discouragement of the Clothiers, by Wool-broggers, who, in a clandestine manner, ingross most of the Wool in the Country, and retail it at excessive Rates, to the Impoverishing of the Cloathing-Trade, and the Ruin of many pOor Labourers therein: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade of England and Ireland; and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

A Petition of Reginal Marriott was presented to the Mamott's House. V

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Saturday Morning next, and be then read.

A Petition

Escapes of Debtors.

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Duty on Tobacco-pipes.

90 Februarii. A. 1697.

A Petition of Sir William Baronet, was pre-

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Hairy KUligrexo Esquire, was taken in Execution upon a Judgment for 400l. at the Petitioner's Suit, and committed to the Fleet Prison; but in a few Days after, he had his Liberty; and the Petitioner brought his Action of Escape against the then Warden of the Fleet, and obtained Judgment, and a Rule of Court, for a Sequestration of the Profits of his Office; but at last was advised, the same was impracticable, by reason of some Deficiencies in the Jate Act for the better Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes: And praying, That such Provision may be made, as Creditors may more easily recover their Debts in Cafes of Escapes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition lie referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Woodward is referred: And that they do examine the Matter ^hereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Colonel Rolles have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Aufence-

Ordered, That Mr. Fortescue have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the Tiverton House a Bill for erecting Hospitals and W'orkhouses within Workhouse* the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Seizures upoa more speedy and ealier Reversal and Discharge of Seizures t>utluvmes-in the Exchequer, upon Outlawries, in Civil Causes: And that Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Tanners of the Town of Nampt wide and adjacent to it, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That they cannot raise the Rates of Leather to pay the Duty thereon, but are forced to pay it out of their Stocks; and besides, carrying their Leather to Market, reckoning with the Officers, and Damage by Carriage, is lb chargeable and troublefbme, that they must be brought to great Poverty in a little time, unless relieved: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Glovers, Tawers, DrelTers, Cutters, and Workers of Leather, of the Towns of Loughborough, Mountforrell, and Quarndon,

with some others, all within the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is lo very heavy, That they can no longer pay it; and though they have hitherto paid it, and entered all their Goods, yet they cannot fell them without Notice to the Officer to attend the Sale; which is very grievous to the Petitioners: And not only so, but the Officers have seized some of their Goods, contrary to Law; which so discourages the Petitioners, that they cannot longer carry on their Trades: And praying an Explanation and Ealement of the A fit for laying a Duty..... Leather.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-drelTers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Pipemakers of the ancient Borough and Corporation of Pontejruct, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That betbre the Duty laid u[>on Tobacco-pipes, they maintained their Families, and lived in good Credit; but now they have been forced to pawn and fell their belt Goods for Subsistence, by reason of the Decay of their Trade, and, if the said Duty be continued, they must be chargeable to their respective Parishes: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glals-makers of the Town of referred: And that they do exunine the matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill lo oblige all Retailers of Salt to fell Salt to be sold by Weight, was read the Third time. ty Weight.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made therein, by adding " carried by Land," in several Places, in Prels the last, L. 9. 12, and 21:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, for the Collectors to take Security:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act that all Retailers of Salt shall fell by Weight.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Price, according to Order, presented to the House Re]lef o(. a Bill to explain and rectify the Act, passed last Session, Creditors, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions with their Debtors, in case Two-Thirds in Number and Value do agree: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Children of naturalize the Children of such Officers, Soldiers, and Soldiers Nat. others, the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during this War, the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government:

And that Lieutenant-General Earle do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Turner have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary AW*nce. Occasions.

A Bill for satisfying and discharging the Arrears of fe- Supply Bill. veral Annuities which incurred between the 17th Day of Arrears of May 1696, and the 17th Day of May 1697, was read a Annuities. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Account of the Contributions made upon the Act, passed the last Session of Parliament, for enlarging the Time for Purchasing of reversionary Interefis in Annuities for single Lives, which hath been presented to the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That Mr. West erne have Leave to go into the Leave of CQuntry, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered,

9 W. III.

9® — i o° Februarii.

93

Committee*. Ordered, That no Committees do fit in a Morning, without Leave of the House.

Report* on Ordered \That the Reports from the Committee, to Accounts,&c. whom the States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, are referred, in relation to the Matter still before them, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the vacating House a Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other m Interests, forfeited in Ireland since the 13th Day of February 168S; and for appropriating the same to the Use. of the Publick: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Addrefe Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That a Committee be

against Pro- appointed to draw up an humble Address to his Majesty, fkneneis.^ upon the Debate of the House, to suppress Profaneness and Immorality, and all Books which endeavour to undermine the Fundamentals of the Christian Religion; and to punish the Authors:

And it is referred to Sir John Sir William

Ashurst, Sir Wm. Trumbull, Mr. Mr. Mountague,

Mr. Manley, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Smith, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Norris, Mr. Earle, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. John How, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Blofield, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Boyle, Sir grave, Mr. Price, Mr. Arnold, Sir Henry Goff, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Bromley, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Cha. Sidley, Sir Phil. Butler, Mr. Traverse, Lord Coningsby, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Colt, Lord Cutts,

Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Clark, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Bodes, Colonel ville, Mr. Edward Harley, Sir Sir

1 Gwyn, Mr. Methwin, Lord Digby, Mr. White, Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Yates, Mr. Perry, Mr. Hoare: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Bill for explaining the Act of the Supply Bill; last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting Mult Duties, to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets,

Cyder, and Perry, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till To-mortpw Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovii, 10® die Februarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertfi.

Praters.

RDERED, That all Committees be revived.

Committee*.

Regulating

Printing.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate Printing, and Printing-Presses, be brought in upon Friday Morning next

Way* Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, sad Means. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and also of Ways and Means for raising the fame; the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for disbanding the Army, paying off Quarters, and paying the Seamen; and towards making good of Loans, and the Deficiencies of former Aids; an Aid, not exceeding Three Shillings in the Pound, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, for One Year.

The feid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, for disbanding the Army, paying off Quarters and paying the Seamen; and towards making good of Loans, and the Deficiencies of former Aids; an Aid, not exceeding Three Shillings in the Pound, be laid upon all Lands, Tenements, and

Hereditaments, for One Year.

# 0

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, jaud Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Land Tax. Refohed, That no further Aid be laid upon Land during this Session of Parliament.

Supply Bill; Ordered; That it be a Direction to those who are to Land Tax. prepare the Bill for the Three Shillings Aid, That they do prepare the same by way of Assessment upon every Couqty, in proportion to foe Rates of foe First Four Shillings Aid, granted in foe Year i6qk Vo l. XII.

A Petition of the Fellowship of Eastland Merchants Ruflja Trade, residing in the City of York was presented to foe House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Predecessors were the first that found out the Trade to Narva-, and that they, and the Petidoners, have enjoyed the foie Freedom and Advantage of the said Trade, undisturbed, till of late that the Russia Company hath taken upon them to lay a great Impofidon upon all Goods imported from thence, under colour that Narva did belong to foe Great Duke oiMufco at the time when their Charter was granted:

And praying. That they may be restored to their free Trade to Narva, or else be admitted to the Freedom of the Russia Company, upon the feme Terms foe Eastland Company are injoined to admit others into their Society.

Ordered, That foe said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia shall be read a Second time.

t

A Petition of sundry Merchants of London, on behalf Ditto, of foemselves, and others, was presented to foe House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in foe House for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia; and that foe Russia. Company have obtained Leave to be heard against the said Bill: The Petitioners pray, That they may be heard for the said Bill, at the same time as the said Company are heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next, for, as well as the said Company against,'the said Bill.

Ordered, That foe Committee, to whom the Petition Army of Mr. Francis Molyneux is referred, have Leave to fit Arrears. Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Ellis and John Morris, and divers Duties oa other Glass-makers, on behalf of themselves, and others, G^s* in and near the City of Gloucester, and Town of Newn-ham, in foe County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That foe great Duty upon Glass-wares has so difrouraged the making of Glals, that there has been none made in the said County for Twp Years and a Quarter last past; which has occasioned the Impoverishment of many Families: And praying, That foe said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to foe Committee, to whom the Petition of foe Glass-makers of foe Town of Stourbridge is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report foe lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several working Glass-makers, on behalf Ditto, of themselves, and other poor Glass-makers, in or near the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Duties upon Glass-wares be continued, it w ill be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and, in a great measure, the Lois of the said Manufacture to this Nation: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to foe Committee, to whom the Petition of foe Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred:

B b And

Rttties on Leather.

Ditto.

Overall's

Petition

Escapes of Debtors.

Godolphin'g

Will.

94 10° Februarii. . 1697;

And tort they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners of Wecreham, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the Houfo attd read; setting forth, That the late Duty upon Leather tends to the otter impoverishing the Petitioners Stocks, and Decay of their Trades; And praying speedy Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-drefliers, and Glovers, hi the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Shoemakers, Skimterl, Glovers, Sadlers, Curriers, and other Leather-workers, of the Town of Whitchurch, in the County of Salop, and other adjacent Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the now t)uty upon Leather has tnade fuel) a considerable Alteration for the worse in their Trades in general, and has been so particular a Cols to several poor Families, whose Livelihoods depend thereon, that, if the Duty be continued, it will be their utter Ruin: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leatoer-drelfers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Henry Overall, of Gentleman,

predated to the Htaftfe:

Atid thfe feme relating to Arckdede Palmer Esquire, a Member of this House? who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Arvhdaie do attend 'in his Place IVmortoW Morning: And that the said Petition be tiien mad*

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

Of Jbhn Woodward, relating to the Fleet Prison,....

have Leave 'to lit upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Bofccrwen presented to the House a Bill for con-sinning and establishing the Administration of the Goods wnd Chattels of Sir WitlitemGodolpk'm Knight, deceased: And the feme was received.

The Bill was it ad the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seooood time upon Wednesilay Morning next.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act lot Veiling in Tndteee, to be Ibid. certain Lands of George Farrington Esquire, lying in the Counties of Middlemen and Surry, settled upon the Marriage of William ton, his Nephew; and, with the Money arising the reby, for purchasing of other Lands in Lancashire, where toe ancient Estate of the Family lies, to be settled to the feme Uses; was read a Second time.

Refotced, That the Bill be committed to Lord Dighf, Sir John Afanwaring, Mr. C, Sir John Banks, Mr.

Mountstecens, Sir Robert Bur, Mr. , Sir Fra. Alasham, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Watliugton, Mr. Henley, Sir John Phillips, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Kinaston, Sir Henry Colti Mr. Thotmhagh, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Philips, Mr. Shackerty, Colonel Periy, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. England, Sir Wm.Lowther, Mr. , Mr. Kirkhy,

Mr. Harvey, Sir Tko. Roberts, Mr. Sir Tho.

Stanley, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. LV/, Mr. Sir

Charles Sidley, Sir God fry Copky, Sir Alarm.;

and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Lancaster and Chester: And they are to meet this Aitv muon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir William Whkmore have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health, and upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Bill to make toe Statutes of Edward the First, and Edward the Sixth, against burning and destroying feciofores, mote effectual, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Melhxtyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for registring Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported, from the fetect Committee, to whom the fevered States, Estimates, and Accounts, presented to the House, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the general Debt of his Majesty's Navy, bn several Heads therein Mentioned; Calculated to the 30th Day of September 1697: Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, That there is due on Bills in the Second Book," namely, Putfers Balance- Bills; and for extraordinary Money, Pensions, Half-Pays, Surgeons, Free-Gifts, Pilotage, 8$c. occurred' before the 26th of 1686

Wear and Tear:

That there is doe On Bills, in the present Register, for Stores of all Sorts, Workman-' lfrip, Freight of hired Men of War and Tenders, Disbursements, Salaries, Pensions, Bounty to Widows and Orphans, Pilotage, Transportation of Stores, Imprefts, Bills I Of Exchange; and for Mails, Plank, Pitch, Tar, timber, and other Stores now de- j liVerirtg; Dhbarfements, Freight of Men of War and Tenders; and other Services, for Which no BHbhre yet made out; and the Debts of the Out-Ports; the Sum of - For Wages to his Majesty's Yards, Guard-Ships, and Ordinaries -

Seamens Wages:

For Wages to his Majesty's Ships in Pay to Aiichaehtias 1696, which are not yeti paid up to that time ----- -- - -j

For Wages for all his Majesty's Ships in Pay, from the iftof 1696, to the

30th September 97- -

For Recalls of those Ships paid off, whose Books are not yet cleared; calculated* from thh said Books, by casting each Man's Wages remaining unpaid thereon, as > tlfo what remains in Arrears on the Books made up -

Memorandum, That it appeared to the Committee, by several Accounts delivered' in by Mr. Dodingtoti, Deputy-Trfeafurer to the Navy, That, on the 30th September 1697, he had in his Hands, in Cato, Tallies, Malt Tickets, and Exchequer- Bills, to toe Value of - - -3

Interest due on those Tallies, computed to the 31st I)eceniber 1697 -And there is to be answered by the Trustees for exchanging Exchequer-Notes -

£ s. d.

- - 40,00b

222,258 ----- --j

376,05»

»53.793 ----- -J

983,752 ----- --'

719,'

160,

3,752 ----- -1

9,044 — — I

o,°53 ----- ---1

1,862,849

993,3n 3 —

86,479 " 4 50,000 ——

£1,129,780 — 4

Victualling:

Farrington*

Estate*.

Lffive of Absence.

Preserving

luclofurcs*

Registering

Deeds.

Nary Debt

9W.III,

io° — 11° Fehrmrii.

Visual ling:

For the Service of Victualling his Majesty's Navy, according to an Account received"! of the feme from the Commisfi oners thereof, over and above the Money now in their [ Hands

Memorandum, That, upon the Papers delivered in by the Comroiflloners of the Victualling-Office, it appears, That, from the lft of 1697, to which time their Debt was provided for by Tallies, to the 31th December 1697, there is owing, upon Accounts stated and adjusted ——

Sick and Wounded:

That it appeared there is due, for the Service of the Sick and Wounded, over and"! above the Money in their Hands ----- -- - -j

Register-Offifie:

It also appeared to the Committee, That there is due to the Seamen that have"! registred themselves for his Majesty's Service, according to the late Act of Parliament, > on Account of their annual Allowance of 40 s. a Man, the Sum of - - - -J

95

»8a, M4

105,39' 4 a

45,130

16,389

Total - - £. 2,522,523

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be deferred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame.

Ordnanc* Mr. Norris also reported, from the said fele6t Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Debt due from the Office of Ordnance to the last Day . of September 1697, and what hath occurred since; which he read in his Place; and afterwurds delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); vis.

That it appeared by the Accounts delivered by the Officers of the Ordnance, That the Debt due from that Office for Stores delivered, and Services performed, to the last Day of September 1697, and also what hath occurred since, exclusive of the Debt before November 1688, amounts to 204,157/. 6 s. 4d.

And that there remains in the Treasurer's Hands, by several Tallies, 178,104/. 14 s. lofrf.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be deferred to (be laid Committee of the whole House.

Trensport Mr. Norris also reported, from the said select Commit-fimice. tee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, touching the Debt owing for Transport Service, exclusive of the Irish Debt which be read in las Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon Consideration had of the Account of the Debt owing for Transport-Service, exclusive of the Irish Debt, it appeared there is a Debt due to that Service, for Ships and Freight, amounting to 125,785/. 2 xo{d.) as by the said Account particularly appears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Charges upon Revenue.

65S.446

s.

17

d.

Si

Air. Norris also reported, from the said select Committee, the Matter, as it appeared to them, how his Majesty's Revenue Hands charged; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That, upon Consideration had of the Account how his Majesty's Revenue Hands charged, it appeared.

That the hereditary Revenue of Excite, and that Part thereof which is granted during his Majesty's Life, is charged with Loans, and other wise, amounting to

That the Revenue arising by the General Letter Office is charged with Loans iod other Payments -That the Revenue arising by Wine-Rcenocs is charged with the Remainder of 300,000 L advanced thereupon, amounting to

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report he referred to the said Committee of the whale House. , V*i..XIIr

150,751 2 91

J 3.500 -

A Bill for explaining the Act of the last Session of Supply Bill; Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty Malt Dutie* certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

A Petition of Charles Duncomb Esquire, now Prisoner Punishing In the Tower, was presented to the House, and read j ]P1"nco'?lbffor setting forth. That the Petitioner bath had a Copy of the Exchequer "8 Bill depending in the House against him, which chargeth Bill*, the Petitioner of several Crimes committed by him, in Deceit of the King: And praying, That he may be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the said Bill, as to the Law and Fast, in order to make his Innocency appear, before there be any further Proceedings on the Bill,

Ordered, That Counsel be heard at the Bar for the said Bill, at the same time Mr. Duncomb is heard, by his Counsel, against the fame.

Ordered, That Mr, Attorney-General and Mr, Solicitor-General do take care, that the Evidence against Mr.

Duncomb be ready to be produced to the House: And that Counsel for the Bill do attend.

Ordered, That Counsel for and against the Bill for punishing Mr. Duncomb be heard upon Monday Morning next: And that the Bill be then read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Ditncomb be brought tp this House upon Monday Morning next: And that Mr,

Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply and solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ways consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Ma- ^eatu* jesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Reiblutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please -to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 11® die

Nono Gulielmi Tertii,

Paavees.

APETITIOJf of CoUs Irish Arrears,

James Tkompfan, IIughEAliott, and DevidAnderfou,

Serjeants in the Hoaoamblie Brigadier Tiffin's Regiment; tvaa presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they have faithfully ferared the King, till they were reduced on the 3d of January last; and there is a coosiderable

Arrear

Duties on Leather.

06 ii° Februarii. J 1697.

Arrear of Pay due to them; but they cannot bring the said Brigadier, and their several Captains, to state their Accounts, although their Brigadier has received their Irish Arrears, and kept it these four Years in his Hands: And praying a speedy Redrels of their Grievances, they being ready to perish, and remote from their tifual Abodes, which is in Ireland.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Langston's Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, and others concerned in Leather, in the City of Bath, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That should the Duty upon- Leather be continued for the time the Act prescribes, the Petitioners must ex-pest nothing leis than inevitable Ruin to themselves and Families: And praying the House to think of feme way to redress their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the ferae, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Bendish, of in the County of Suffolk, John Burton of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, Merchant, John Gosliue, Mary Hollis, ana William Maltyivard, of Great Yarmouth, Refiners of Salt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House: And it is referred to #.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Burgesses, Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants of the Town and Borough of Pontefract, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, -That they formerly had a very great Cloth-Trade, which the Civil Wars put an End to; and now their Trade that remains is a Corn-Trade, and feme other Advantages they receive by the River Ayre: And, there being a Bill depending in the House for making the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the County of York, navigable, which will take away a very considerable Part of the Trade of the said Town, if it should pals, the Petitioners pray, That the said Bill may hot pass, it being to their Prejudice.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, Curriers, Glovers, and other Makers and Dressers of Leather, in the Eastern 'Part of the County of Sussex, in behalf of themseves and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Duty laid upon Leather, they find the Consumption of their Goods daily to abate, and their own Estates, gotten by the Industry and Labour of their Ancestors, visibly to lessen; which, if not speedily prevented, will utterly ruin the Petitioners: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration gf the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Epmrth, Belton, Haxey, and Owston, in the Manor of Epworth, and Isle of Axholme, in the County of

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are informed, There is a Bill brought into this House, to make the Statutes of Edward the Ift, and Eduard the Vlth, against the burning and destroying

Inclosures, more effectual; in which Bill there is a Clause, That in case any Person shall bum or pull down any Houses, Barns, or Fences, in the Day-time, on giving Notice to the Constables thereof, if the adjoining Towns do not apprehend, the Offender, they shall make good the Damages: Which Bill is pretended for a publick Good; but is designed by Mr. Reading, who prepared it, for his own private Ends, and to prejudice the Petitioners: And praying, to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

FTfhraongers

Petition.

A Petition of the Trading Fiflunongers of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That#

. . . That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Seam«n» A Petition of Captain Wooden, late Commander of Arrear*. fife Majesty's Ship the Blaze Fireship; Captain George Ramsey, late Commander of the Cap-

tain Walter Riddell, late Commander of the Hind-Pink; and Captain Thomas Dennett, late Commander of the Wren-Pink\ taken by the French in the late War; was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That they, being taken by the French, were tried by their Court-Martials, and acquitted, and have applied to the Admiralty for their Pay; but, instead of relieving the Petitioners, they have made an Order for paying all that were under Deck, at the time of the Capture, with Exception to those that were above: And praying the Relief Of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several Persons, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Officers and Ships Companies of Seamen belonging to the Neuport, Hind-Pink, and Wren-Pink, JEtna ana Blaze Fireships, and Port (mouth-Prize, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme to the House.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Parishes of Althorp and Crowle, in the County of Lincolne, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That a Bill being brought into the House, and solicited by one Mr. Reading, for making the Statutes of Edward the Ift, and Edward the Vlth, against the burning and destroying Inclosures, more effectual; and there being a Dispute between the said Mr. Reading, and the Inhabitants of Epworth, touching the Right of Common; and the Petitioners Towns and Parishes adjoining next to the North-fide of the Common of Epworth, and no ways concerned therein: the Petitioners apprehend themselves in Danger of fuffeiing by the said Bill, if it should pass, in case any further Disputes should arise between the said contending Parties, about inclosing the said Common, if any Fences should be thrown down: And praying, That the House will take care, that the Petitioners may not be prejudiced by the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Hooper, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the erecting an Hospital or Hospitals, Workhouses, and House or Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon-, for the better Relief of the Poor there: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

19 Refoked,

Duty on Salt.

Ayre and

Calder Navigation.

Preserving

luclofurea.

Ditto.

Creditou

Workhouses.

{j

Army

Arrears.

African

Trade.

Overall's

Petition.

Freedom of Eledioua.

Leave of Absence.

Privilege of a Member in a buiL

Arfd'-efs

aganft

Profancness.

Committees.

S'.ij»j>!v Bill; Arrtcirs of Annuities.

Members

summoned.

Supply.

W. III. ii° Februarii. . 97

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. FrancisMotyneux is referred, have leave to fit

upon Monday Morning next

Sir Henry Colt acquainted the House, That be was directed by the said Committee to make a special Report to the House, when the Horise will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for settling the Trade to Africa: And that Sir Trum-

ball do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to Mr. Henry Overall to withdraw his Petition, presented to the House Yesterday, relating to Mr. Archdak Palmer, a Member of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the further securing the Freedom of Elections of Mem" bers to serve in Parliament: And that Mr Foley and Mr Winingtondo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Colonel Web have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of William JVharton, of the Middle Temple, Esquire, and Eunice his W ite, was presented to the House; relating to Sir Joseph Tily, a Member of this House:

Who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tily do attend in his Place upon this Day Sevennight: And that the said Petition be then read.

Ordered, That t' e Committee appointed to prepare an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, to sup-prcls Protancness and Immorality, and all Books which endeavour to undermine the Fundamentals of the Christian Religion, and punish the Authors, do fit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for latbtying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities which incurred between the 17th Day of May 169(1, and the 17th Day of May 1697.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refurned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster Hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, and fuuimon the Members there to attend the Service of the House:

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had dire^ed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place} and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the EleCfcor of Branden-Vol. XII.

burgh, as appears by an AbstraCfc of the Treaties for Subsidies and Payments, an Arrear of Subsidies to the lit of November last, of 180,000 Rixdollars.

2. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there is due to the Landgrave of ad

appears by an Abstract of Treaties and Payments, an Arrear of Subsidies to the ift Day of November last, of

254.000 Rixdollars.

3. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there is due to the Dukes of as appears by an Abltract of Treaties and Payments, an Arrear of Subsidies to the 1 ft Day of November last, for his Majesty's Share, being Two-thirds, of 121,223 Rixdollars.

4. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the Bishop of Munster, as appears by an Abstract of Treaties and Payments, an Arrear of Subsidies to the 1 ft Day of November last, for his Majesty s Share, being Two-thirds, of 149,997 Rixdollars.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the Dukes of Hanover arid Cell, as appears by an Abstract of Treaties and Payments, ah Arrear of Subsidies to the ift Day of November last, for his Majesty's Share, being Two-thirds, of 50,000 Rixdollars.

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the Duke of Holstein, as appears by an Abstract of Treaties and Payments, an Arrear of Subsidies to the lit Day of November last, for his Majesty s Share, being Two-thirds, of 25,000 Rixdollars.

7. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the King of Denmark, as appears by an Abstract of Treaties for Subsidies and Payments, in Consideration of an intire Prohibition of Commerce between that Crown and France, and for Subsidies, an Arrear to the ift Day of November last, of 111,111 Rixdollars, for his Majesty's Share, being Two-thirds; besides the like Share of 300,000 Rixdollars, payable within Three Years; both w'hich Sums may be satisfied with 200,000 Rixdollars.

8. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due to the Contractors for Bread and Forage, as appears by several Accounts, the Sum of 177,000l.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due, as demanded by the King's Aid de Camp, the Sum of 1,500l.

10. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due, for Physick for the Army the last Year, the Sum of 4,500l.

The first Six of the said Resolutions, being read feve-raliy a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Seventh Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That there is due to the King of Denmark, as appears by an AbstraCfc of Treaties for Subsidies and Payments, in Consideration of an intire Prohibition of Commerce between that Crown and France, and for Subsidies, an Arrear to the 1 ft Day of November last, of 111,111 Rixdollars, for his Majesty's Sli^re, being Two-thirds; besides the like Share of

300.000 Rixdollars, payable within Three Years; both which Sums may be satisfied with 200,000 Rixdollars;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for tl.e Yeas,{^ } 164.

Tellers for the . } 108.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Eighth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The N inth Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Resolution be postponed.

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time;

C c Resolved,

Slaughter'*

importing

Silk.

Addrefe

against

Frofanen?fs

Ayre and

Calder

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

98

110 — 12°

A. 1697/

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Resolution thereabouts, that the Petitioners cannot get Timber down be postponed. by Water, to carry on their said Trades: And praying,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report That the said Rivers may not be made navigable.

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the lame.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Rill is committed.

A Petition of the ancient Borough of Boroughbriggs, Ayre and in the County of York, was presented to the House, and Calder read; setting forth, That Abundance of Goods and Corn Navigation, are brought thither, by Water, for supplying the adjacent Towns, and several Places Northward: And that making the Rivers /lyre and Calder navigable, for which there is a Bill in the House, will not only take away the little Water they have, but also ruin their Trade: And praying, That the said Rivers may not be made navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Commit.ee, to whom the said Bill is

Sabbati, 12° die Februarii;

Nono Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Paris Slaughter and IVm. Druce,

Merchants of the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of the 5th and 6th of the King, any Person residing in any committed

of his Majesty's Dominions, during the War with France,

and Three Months after, might import into England A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Clifton, Ditto,

fine Thrown Silks of the Grow th of Italy, Sicily, and in the County of York, was presented to the House, and Naples; and the Petitioners had Eleven Bales of fine read; setting forth, That the said Town is situated on the Italian Silk consigned to them from Italy to Amsterdam', River Ouze; by which they have an ealy Conveyance of Seven of which arrived there the Latter-end of November several Commodities to several Places: And that if the last, within sufficient time to have been imported here, Rivers Ayre and Caldei' should be made navigable, as is by the time limited by the said Act, had not the Acci- intended by a Bill in this House, the River Ouze will be dent of the Frosts in Holland prevented the fame: And quite ruined; and the Petitioners thereby deprived of praying I,eave to bring in a Bill to enable the Petitioners such Conveniencies as aforesaid: And praying, That the to import their said bales of Silk, notwithstanding the said Bill may not pass into a Law. said Act, they paying the accustomed Duties. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill ac- be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is cording to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir committed.

Wm. Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for rendering the importing Ordered, That the Committee appointed to prepare Laws more effectual for the preventing the importing of lime-lac., an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, to foreign Bone-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work, &c* suppress Profaneness and Immorality, and all Books which be read the Third time on this Day Sevennight endeavour to undermine the Fundamentals of the Chris-

tian Religion, and punish the Authors, do fit again upon A Petition of William Farrington, of Worden in the Farrington's Monday Morning next. County of Lancaster, Esquire, and Agnes Farrington, Estate.

Widow, and Relict of Henry Farrington Esquire, deceased,

A Petition of the ancient Borough of Aldborough, in the elder Brother of the said William, was presented to the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; House, and read; setting forth, That *.

setting forth, That Abundance of Com, and other Goods, .....That the Consideration of the said Petition be

are brought to the said Borough, by Water, for supplying referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is com-not only the said Town, and adjacent Places, but feve- mitted. ral Towns Northwards: And the Petitioners are well allured, That making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navi gable, for which there is a Bill in the House, will not

A Petition of several Glals-makers, in and near the Duty o* Town of Tyne, and of the Workmen and G^als-

only take away that little Water they have, but also ruin Labourers employed in and about the Glass Manulafture their Trade; And praying, That the said Rivers may there, was presented to the House, and read; setting not be made navigable. forth, That the great Duty upon Glass W'ares hath re-

ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition duced many poor Workmen to great Misery, and the be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Glass-Masters to Incapacity of following their Trades: committed. And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition A Petition of the Mailers of Ships, and Seamen, be- be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of longing to the ancient City of York, was presented to the the Glals-makers of the Town of Stourbridge, in the House, and read; setting forth, That making the Rivers County of Worcester, is referred: And that they do ex-Ayre and Calder navigable, will be very prejudicial to, if amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with not totally ruin, the Trade of York Citizens, and particu- their Opinion therein, to the House. larly the Petitioners, whole Maintenance depends ou the

Trade in the River Ouze:And praying to be heard Mr. Pagit reported from the Committee, to whom Poor Relief,

against the Bill in the House for making the Rivers Aire the Bill for explaining an Act, made in the last Session of and Calder navigable Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying feme Defects

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon,

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Ship Carpenters of the Town of Cawood, in the County of York, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That making the Rivers agreed unto by the House.

Ayre and Calder navigable, for the doing of which there A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That is a Eill depending in the House, will not only ruin the all Officers of Parishes, to w'hom any Pals shall be de-River and Trade of Ouze, but so drain the finall Rivers livered for removing any poor Person, shall convey

them

Ay re and Calder Navigation.

Poor Employment.

African

Trade.

Inland Bills of Exchange.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Leave of Akfence.

Supply Bill; Arrears of Annuities.

9 W. III. 12° Februarii.

them the nearest Way of their Settlement, and direct, on the Back-fide of the Pals, to the next Parish, where such poor Persons shall be delivered, to be carried further:

And the same was twice read; and amended.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to enable all Towns and Places, who hold General Sessions of the Peace, to hear Appeals against any Pass, for the Removal of any poor Person; the aforesaid recited Act obliging the same to be heard at the General Quarter-Sessions for the County:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Mr. Harley, Sir Edward Acton, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Mr.

ton, Mr. Han'ifon, Mr. Pud fey, Mr. Gery, Mr. Tayler, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Fleming, Mr. White, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Carr, Mr. Osborne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the County of York, navigable, is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee appointed to consider by what Means the Poor may be better provided for, and employed; and to receive Pro-pofals, in relation thereunto, That they do consider of One Bill for the providing for, and settling, the Poor of tins Kingdom, and repealing the many Laws now in being, relating the reunto.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for the Annuities to be paid in Course:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up.

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Sir John Ellwill, according to Order, reported, from Woollen Ma-the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill nufattures. to encourage the Woollen Manufacture oi England-, and to restrain the Importation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland-, was committed; the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a' Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Pocklington, according to Order, presented to the Regulating House a Bill to regulate Printing, and Printing-Prelfes: Printing. And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant for Warrant* for summoning such Witnesses for Air. Duncomb, as he shall desire, to attend upon Monday Morning next. 1 ne e*‘

Sir William Trumball, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for settling the Trade to Africa: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning next.

Sir William Ashurst, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrafted Bill for explaining an Act, of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Alalt, Alum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lie, An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Alum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry.

Ordered, That Air. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Air. Sandys have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported' from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for satisfying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities which incurred between the 17th Day of May 1696, and the 17th Day of May 1697, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were difegreed, and the Residue of them agreed, unto by the House.

V#i. xil

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Buying and Sell- Buying and ing of Offices, and Places of Trust, be read upon Wed- foiling Of-nesday Alorning next. fices‘

Ordered, That the Bills for punishing Air. John Knight Punishing and Air. Bartholomew Burton be read a Second time Kmght'&c-upon Monday Alorning next.

A Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Supply Bill' Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13 th Day of Fe- for vacating bruary 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use m

of the Publick; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bills House Three several Bills: for vacating

One of them, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, in England and Ireland, from the Crown, Ireland. a° since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick:

Another, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, in England and Ireland, from the Crown, during the Reign of the late King Charles the I Id; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick:

The other, fer vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, in England and Ireland, from the Crown, during the Reign of the late King James-, and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick:

And the same were received; and severally read the First time.

Resolved, That they be read a Second time upon Tuesday Alorning next.

Ordered, That the Accounts, directed by this House Grants from to be laid before them, for the Explanation of the Grants the rown' made since the 3d Day of December 1696, be laid before this House upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered,

loo i — 14° 1697.

Monies im- Ordered;Thai; the Account of the Monies imprest to

Knf ht and ^T- Knight vod Mr. Burton, for Premiums and Rewards, Burton. for advancing Money, and other Services, fiuce the lft Day of May 1695, be laid before this House upon Monday Morning next.

Preventing The House, according to the Order of the Day, of°Junes°n rtfulved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prevent the corrupting of Juries.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Moncktou took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ikfonckton reported from the said Committee, That

they had made fotne Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refotced, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 14* Februarii;

Decimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prate rs.

Army a PETITION of William , late Quarter-

Arrears. Master to the Earl of Arran's, afterwards Colonel

Harcye's Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth, That the Petitioner hath been in his Majesty s Service all his Reign; and there is due to the Petitioner above 260/. of Arrears for Subsistence and for his Service in Ireland; and that he is forced to rely upon the Charity of his Friends: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Francis Molyneux is referred: And that they do examine

the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ayr# and A Petition of the Town of in the West-

Calder Navi- Hiding of the County of York, w as presented to the gation. House, and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and Wakefield are the principal Markets for the Northern Cloth-Trade; and are situate upon the Rivers Ayre and Colder, which are capable of being made navigable, and by that means will greatly redound to the Advantage of Trade of all the Towns concerned in the Northern Cloth-Trade; being forced at present to carry their Goods by Land, at great Expence, and sometimes Damage: And praying, That the said Rivers may be made navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers Ayre and Colder navigable is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the

Town and Lordship of near to the ancient City

of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town being situate, near York, upon the River Oaze, doth receive great Benefits by the fame; but if the Rivers Ayre and Colder be made navigable, the Commerce of Ej'erich will be mightily prejudiced, and the River Oaze spoiled: And praying, That the said Rivers may not be made navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers Ayre and Colder navigable is committed.

the Rivbrs Ayre and Colder navigable will drain the River of Ouze, having only a final 1 Water at Spring-tides, or at a Flood; whereby the Petitioners will be deprived of the Benefit of the said River, by which they are supplied with all Necessaries for themselves and Families.

Qrdaed, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers Ayre and Colder navigable is committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants within Ayre and the Town and Township of Wisleno, in the County of Calder Nav* York, was presented to the House, and read; setting gaUon‘ forth, That the said Town is conveniently seated on the Banks of the River Ouze, whereby they have a beneficial and easy Conveyance of Goods and Merchandize, and also of Manure to cultivate their Lands; but, in case the Rivers Ayre and Colder should be made navigable, for which there is a Bill in this House, the River Ouze will be totally drained, to the Petitioners Ruin: And praying,

That the said Rivers may not be made navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Merchants, and other Traders, within Inland Bill* the Borough of Plimouth, was presented to the House, of Exchange, and read; letting forth, That they are not only great Traders at home, but also into foreign Parts; and, unless feme Provision be made to regulate Bills of Exchange,

Trade and Commerce may be ruined in those Parts; many Bills having no Day in them expressed beyond which the Drawer or Indorser shall not be chargeable, if not paid: And praying a Remedy against the said Hazards and inconveniencies.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for the better payment of Inland Bills of Exchange be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Newcastle better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne with Waterworks, fresh Water: And that Sir William Blackett do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Houghton's vesting the Manors of Bastwick and in the Estate.

County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Houghton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof.

A Bill to settle the Trade to Africa was, according to African Order, read the First time. Trade.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for regulating and amending the Laws concern- Law* coning Robberies on the Highways, and Hue and Cries, was, ceming according to Order, read a Second time. Robberies.

Refotced, That the Bill be committed to Sir John lipps, Mr. Watling ton, Sir Robert Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Conyers, Sir Eliah Harvey,

Mr. Gardner, Sir John Bolles, Major-General

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Mounson, Mr. , Mr.

Hobby, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Nevill, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. St. John, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Dolbein,

Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Ashby, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr.

Woodroffe, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Norris, Sir John Woolsten-holm, Mr. England, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Venables,

Mr. Methwyn, Mr. Guyn, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Harcourt,

Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Zee, Mr. Machel, Mr.

York, Mr. Marwd.it, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Turgis: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Gatefoulford, and Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do lay before Reverting Water-foul ford, in the County of York, was presented to v this House a Copy of the Act of Parliament in Ireland, Outlawries is the House, and read; setting forth, That the making to prevent the Reverting of Outlawries for Treason there. Ireland*

The

i o W. III. 14 — 15' 101

Privilege. The House being informed, That Mr. , Mini-

fter of A/dborough, . attending according to Order;

fie was called in to the Bar: And also several Wit-Defies; who w ere examined touching the Matter of the Complaint made against the said Mr. for intercepting a Letter of Christophe Tankard Esquire, a Member of this House; viz. Mr. Christopher Fall,

John English, and Captain Fairfax.

And the said Mr. Mor was heard thereupon; and his Witness'es also.

And then they withdrew.

Ref hired, That there is no Ground of Complaint of a Breach of Privilege by the said Mr. Morris.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Morris be discharged of any further Attendance upon this Houl'c: And that he be paid the Charges of his Attendance by the said Mr. Tankard.

Addrfefe Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap-

against Pro- pointed to prepare an humble Address to his Majesty, to jaueneis. ihpprefs Profanenels and Immorality, and all Books which endeavour to undermine the Fundamentals of the Christian Religion, and to punish the Authors, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Grants from Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the

the Crown. f]0ufe a Copy of the Constat annexed to a Warrant of the 12th Day of January 1697, importing a Grant of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Manor and Bailiwick of St. Janies, in the County of Middlesex: And

A Copy of a List directed in Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 1.5th Day of September 1607, for granting several forfeited Lands and Estates specified therein, amounting to the clear yearly Value of 2,001/. i8*. of</.: And A Copy of a Schedule annexed to Letters of the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 23d Day of April 1697, for granting unto Maurice Annesly Debts, Judgments, Mort-

gages, and Incumbrances, therein mentioned: And A Copy of a Schedule mentioned in Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the lit Day of December 1697, for demiting to Thomas Cook several Lands forfeited to his Majesty; together with a Report of the Lords Justices relating the reunto: And A Copy of the Schedule specified in a Letter to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 15th Day of September 1697, for granting to the Marquis of Puissar, and his Heirs, several forfeited Estates therein specified: And A Copy of the Warrant mentioned in Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 16th of April 1697, for granting to Thomas Railton Esquire several Judgments forfeited to his Majesty in Ireland: Aud also

An Abstract of w hat Interest hath been allowed to the Cashiers of the Customs and Excise since the Year 1670: And also

An Account of what Money hath been imprested to

Mr. Burton and Mr. Knight, for Premiums and Rewards for advancing Money, and other Services, since the First Day of May 1695.

Ordered, That the said Copies and Accounts be read, and taken into Consideration, Tomorrow Morning.

RufliaTrade. Ordered, That the Petitioners for and against the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia be heard at the Bar of this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Counterfeit- Refolded, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Coin. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Iloule, to consider of the Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom.

Punching The House being informed, That the Counsel for and Duncomb for - ‘ jnpt the yju for p,inishing Charles Esquire,

Exchequer"8 for contriving and advising the Making of false Indorse-Bills. r Vol. XII.

ttients of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills; and also Mr. Duncomb; attended, according to Order;

Ordered, That Mr. Duncomb, and the Counsel for arid against the Bill, and the Witness'es, and no others, be brought in.

And then they were called in accordingly.

And the Bill was read a Second time: And Mr. Dun* comb's Petition.

And the Counsel against and for the Bill were heard, as to the Matter of Law: And also several Witness'es were examined, as to the Fafifcs relating to the Bill.

And then they withdrew.

And Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Candles be brought in;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the } .6,.

Tellers for the Noes,{^; j l

So it was relblved in the Affirmative. '

And they were brought in accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committed of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Duncomb be remanded to the Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That the Bills for punishing Mr. Knight and Mr. Burton be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 15* die Februarii; io# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETIT I ON of the ancient Borough of

asserton, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Lead, Butter, and other Commodities, are daily carried from thence to Burrough-Briggs; and thence, by Water upon the River Ouze, to several Parts of this Kingdom, and beyond the Seas; but in case the Rivers Ay re and Calder be made navigable, as is intended by a Bill now in this House, it will drain the River Ouze, and deprive the Petitioners of the Benefit they receive thereby: And pray, That the said Rivers mav not be tnade navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

1

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the ancient Town of Easir.gu ould, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the River Ouze is of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and Parts adjacent, for conveying their Goods from Place to Place; but there being a Bill in the House for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable, tho River Ouze will be

D d thereby

Candles*

Committee*

Punching Knight, &c.

Call of tha House.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Ditto.

102

15s Februarii. . ^..1697.

thereby drained, and made unufeful: And praying, That the said Bill may not pais.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Army Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition

Arreai*. of Mr. Fran. Molyneux is referred, have Leave to fit upon Thursday Morning next, to consider the Petitions to them referred.

Suffia Trade. A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and others, in the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England having published in the Gazette, That all his Majesty's Subjects may be admitted into the Freedom of the said Company for 40 s. Fine, with Liberty to export English Woollen Manufactures into all the Limits of the Company, except the Rivers of Elb, , and Eyder; That the Petitioners conceive, That unless the said Company be supported in their Trade to the said Rivers, the feme will irrecoverably fall into the Hands of Foreigners, who will, in a little time, have it in their Power to limit the Prices of our Woollen Manufactures, and caulethem to be debased at their Pleasures: And praying, That the said Company may be supported in their Trade in the said Rivers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, to be considered in a full House.

Army A Petition of several Soldiers of Major Hugh

Arrears. Troop in Colonel Rosi's Regiment of Dragoons, now in his Majesty's Service, was presented to the House, and read: letting forth. That they have served his Majesty Seven Years in Ireland and Flanders, and have a confi derable Arrear of Pay due to them, but can have no Account thereof; and several unjust Stoppages are made out of their Subsistence: And praying Redress therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr.

Fraticis Molyneux is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Petition from A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, Aldermen, Com-

Lanealter. mon-Council, and Inhabitants, of the Borough or Town of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *.

.. That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Committee do hear such Witnesses, in relation to the said Petition, as are now in Town, in a Week next:

And that Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Sir Tho. Roberts,

and Sir Wm. Ashurst, be added to the said Committee.

Farrington's Mr. Shackerly reported from the Committee, to whom

Eliate. the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Farrington Esquire, lying in the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, settled upon the Marriage of JVm. Farrington, his Nephew; and, with the Money arising the reby, for purchasing of other Lands in Lancashire, where the ancient Estate of the Family lies, to be settled to the same Uses; was* committed; That they had examined and considered the fume; and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Skin 1. L. 22. after " the," insert " one and."

L. lait, after " called," insert " Hingland, alias."

Skin 2. L. 20. after " ," insert " Richard

" Fleetwood 7, L. 39. after " and, " insert " Hingland, alias."

8. L. 26; before " Kingsland," insert "Hingland, alias.' L. 33. before " Kingsland," insert "Hingland, alias."

L. last, after " and, " insert " Hingland, alias."

11. L. 38. after " and, " insert " Hingland, alias."

An ingossed Bill for explaining an Act made in the Poor Relief, last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying feme Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying feme Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagitt do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Army of the Soldiers of Colonel Langston's Regiment is referred, Arrcttr*« have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition. Quartering of Robert Taylor, and others, Inhabitants in the Tower Soldiers on Hamlets, is referred, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Vlftual er* Morning:

And that Sir Thomas Roberts and Mr. White be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Recovery of the better Recovery of Wages due to* Servants, Seamen, WaSes-and Miners: And that Mr. Bofcawen and Sir !Valter Young do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within Tiverton the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, Work-house*. for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was read a Second time.

ReJ'olved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Spencer, Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Btre,

Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Sanford, Sir Walter Young, Mr.

York, Mr. Barrington, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Sir

John Duke, Sir Fra. Drake, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Ashby, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Guyn,

Mr. White, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Smith, Sir Masham,

Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Northmore, Air.

Champnyes, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Taylor,

Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Drake, Mr. Payne,

Lord Russell, Mr. Colt, Mr. Arnold, Sir Henry Colt,

Air. Yates, Mr. Baldwyn; and all the Alembers that* serve for the Counties of Devon, Cornwall, and Somersett:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, ii* the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Air. Frele have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, his Alother being very ill. Absence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*,

Sir William Trumball, according to Order, reported Addrefo from the Committee appointed to prepare an humble against Pro-Address to his Majesty, to suppress Profaneness and Irn- fanene's* morality, and all Books which endeavour to undermine the Fundamentals of the Christian Religion, and punish the Authors, That they had prepared an humble Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as followeth;

Alay it please your Majesty,

We, your Majesty "s most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, do, with great Joy and Comfort, remember the many Testimonies which your Majesty hath given us of your Sincerity, and Zeal for the true reformed Religion, as established in this Kingdom: And, in particular, we beg Leave to present to your Majesty, our most humble and thankful Acknow-legements for the late gracious Declaration your Majesty has made to us, from the Throne, That you would

effectually

ip W. III. 15V — i 6°Februarii. roj

Sapply Bill; Arrears of Annuities.

Slaughter' a

importing

Silt.

effectually discourage Profanenels and Immorality; which, chiefly by the Neglect and ill Example of too many Magi It rates, are, like a general Contagion, di flu fed and i'pread throughout the Kingdom, to the great Scandal and Reproach of our Religion, and to the Dishonour and Prejudge of your Majesty's Government

Therefore, in Concurrence with your Majesty's pious Intentions, we do most humbly desire, That your Majesty would issue out your Royal Proclamation, commanding all your Majesty's Judges, Justices of the Peace, and other Ma gilt rates, to put in speedy Execution those good Laws that are now in Force against Profaneness and Immorality; giving due Encouragement to all such as do their Duty therein: And that your Majesty would be plealed to require from your Judges, and Justices of Assize, from time to time, an Account of such their Proceedings.

And, fmee the Examples of Men in high and publick Stations have a powerful Influence upon the Lives of others, we do most humbly beseech your Majesty, That all Vice, Profaneness, and Irreligion, may, in a pa1 ticular manner, be discouraged in all those who have the Honour to be employed near your Royal Person; and in all others who are in your Majesty's Service, by Sea and Land; appointing firift Orders to be given to all your Commanders, That they not only shew a good Example themselves, but also inspect the Manners of those under them: And that your Majesty would, upon all Occasions, distinguish Men of Piety and Virtue by Marks of your Royal Favour.

We do further, in all Humility, beseech your Majesty, That your Majesty would give such effectual Orders, as to your Royal Wisdom shall l'eem fit, for the suppressing all pernicious Books and Pamphlets which contain in them impious Doctrines against the holy Trinity, and other fundamental Articles of our Faith, tending to the Subversion of the Christian Religion; and that the Authors and Publishers thereof may be discountenanced and punished.

And we do also most humbly beseech your Majesty, That your said Proclamation may be ordered to be read, at lealt Four times in the Year, in all Churches and Chapels, immediately after divine Service; and at the Assizes, and Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, just before the Charge is given.

We present to your Majesty this our most humble Address, proceeding from our Duty, and Zeal for the Glory of God; and to the end that all our Counsels may be blessed by his divine Assistance; and may produce Honour, Safety, and Happiness, with all the Blessings of a lasting Peace, to your Majesty, and your People.

Resolved, Ntmine contract'icente, That the House doth

agree with the Committee in the said Address.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure when he will be attended by this House.

An ingrossed Bill for satisfying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities, which incurred between the 17th Day of May 16p6, and the 17th Day of 1697, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for satisfying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities, which incurred between the 17th Day of May 1696, and the 17th Day of May 1697.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir William Ashurst, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Paris Slaughter and William Druce, Merchants, to import several Bales of fine Italian Thrown-Silk, from Amsterdam into this Kingdom: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning. Vo L. XII.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Army whom the Petition of Mr. Francis was re- Arrears,

ferred, which should have been made this Day, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to regulate Printing, and Regulating Printing-Presses, be read Tomorrow Morning. Printing.

Ordered, That the Copies, and Accounts, presented to Accounts, the House Yesterday by Mr. Lowndes, be read, and taken &c. to be into Consideration, Tomorrow Morning. considered.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Ways and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Mean*' of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee*

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, lG° Februarii; 10* Gulielmi TertiL

Praters.

AP ETIT IO N of John Jeanes, and Christopher Army Hoskins, in behalf of themselves, and several others

that were broke out of his Grace the Duke of s

Troop of Horle Guards in Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That the Petitioners gave considerable Sums of Money to be admitted into his Majesty's Service, and mounted themselves with Horses and Accoutrements; which, on being broke, were taken from them, without any Satisfaction; and that there is a great Arrear of Pay due to them; but they can get nothing: And praying Relief thereid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, tq whom the Petition of Mr. Francis Molyneux is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of David Deacon, and Thom. Bradshatc, Ditto. Soldiers under Captain John Alfeur, in Colonel Lea's Regiment of Dragoons, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Deacon having a Furlow to fee his Friends, and the Regiment being broke before the Furlow was out, the said Captain not only stopped all his Pay and Arrears, but took his Horse and Accoutrements; and Bradshaw wants his Subsisteuce, and Arrears of Pay:

And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Langstons Regiment is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Merchants of London trading to Russia Trad* Virginia and Maryland, in behalf of themselves, and the Inhabitants of the said Plantations, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the encouraging the Exportation of Tobacco will be of very great Advantage to his Majesty's Plantations, and this Kingdom; which, the Petitioners conceive, may be effected by opening and enlarging the Trade to Russia therein: And praying, That they may offer their Reasons, at the Bar of this House, for the Bill now depending for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia,

Ordered,

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Ditto.

Trade to.

Germ any 4

Saltash Writ.

Codolphiu'a

Will.

Woollen Manufacture.

104 160 Februa 1697.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be heard at the Bar of this House, upon the Second Reading of the said Bill.

A Petition of Lords of Manors, Freeholders, and Tenants, upon the Rivers of Ayre and Calder, above Castle forth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are unwilling to oppose the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said Rivers navigable, because it will be for a publick Good; but Sir John B/anet having raised his Mill and Dam at above

Haifa Yard higher than it used to be, it causeth the Lands above the said Dam, for near Five Miles, to overflow much sooner than formerly, to the great Damage of the Owners: And praying, That the said Bill may not debar the Petitioners from recovering their Damages.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Freeholders and Inhabitants of the Town of Tadcaster, in the County of York, was presented

to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Town is' situate on the River by which several

Goods are brought thither, which is a great Part of the Trade of the Inhabitants; and if the Rivers Ayre and Calder should be made navigable, by virtue of a Bill depending in this House for that Purpose, but little Water will flow into the River Wharfe; so that the Petitioners will be deprived of that Benefit they have always enjoyed: And praying, That the said Bill may not pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for supporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany: And that the Lord Fairfax and Sir William St. Quintin do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in tills present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in the County of Cornwall, in the room of Francis Buller Esquire, deceased.

A Bill for confirming and establishing the Administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Godolphin Knight, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tracers, Sir Alarm. JVivell, Sir Wm. Lawther, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir John Philipps, Sir Jof. Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Sloane, Lord Digby, Mr. Mr.

Molesworth, Mr. Monson, Mr. Clarke, Mr. York, Mr. Godolphin, Colonel Granville, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Lawther, Mr. Baldioyn, Sir Tho.

Dyke, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Nicholas, Lord Sir

Robert Burdet, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Colt, Mr. Moyle, Lord Fitzharding, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir Chr. Mufgrace, Mr. Yates, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Jenkins, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Kirby, Mr. Cooper, Sir John Bolles, Sir Henry Goff, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Gnyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to make good such Charities as appear to have been expressly declared by Sir William Godolphin, in Writing, before he went out of England, out of such Parts of the Estate as shall be recovered from beyond the Seas; or, in failure thereof, to be supplied out of the Residue in England, which shall come to the Hands of the Administrators, if any such there be, after Debts and Legacies paid.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to reftram the 16

Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland-, be read the Third time upon Monday next.

Ordered, That Mr. Sheldrake do, Tomorrow Mom- Excise Bill* ing, lay before this House an Account of such Bills of of Exchange, ^Exchange, as were lent by the Collectors of Excise, payable to the Commissioners for the Duties of Excise in milled Money and Gold, and have been paid in Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That Mr. Noell and Mr. Story, Officers to persong to the Commissioners of* Excise, do attend this House To- attend, morrow Morning.

A Bill to prevent the Buying and Selling of Offices, Buying and and Places of Trust, was, according to Order, read the felling First time. ,office*

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Bill for regulating of Printing, and Printing-Prefles, Regulating was, according to Order, read the First time. Printing.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Mr. Foley, according to Order, presented to the House Freedom of a Bill for the further securing the Freedom of Elections Ele^10"i* of Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon.

Monday next

The Lord Conningsby acquainted the House, That he King ap-having, according to their Order, waited upon his Ma- p®,nt^l? jesty, to know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he would be a en e attended by this House, his Majesty had been pleased to appoint Tomorrow at Four a Clock, at Kensington, in the Afternoon.

Then the Copies and Accounts presented to the House Grants from by Mr. Lowndes, upon Monday last, were, according to 1116 Crown. Order, read; and are as follow; viz.

N° 1. A Copy of the Constat annexed to a Warrant of the 12th Day of January 1697; importing a Grant of Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments,

Parcel of the Manor and Bailiwick of St. James, in the County of Middle few.

AH those Pieces or Parcels of Land situate, lying, and being, in or near the Parish of St. Ann within the Liberty of Westminster, heretofore accounted within the Parish or Parishes of St. Martin in the Fields, or St. Giles in the Fields, in the said County of Mid or in one of them, anciently called or known by the Name of Kemp's field, and Bunches-close, Coleman-hedge, or Coleman-

hedge-feld, containing together, by Estimation, 22 Acres; and Doghouse-field, alias Browtis-close, containing, by

Estimation, Five Acres and an Half, and were since more lately called or known by the Name or Names of Soho, or Soho-fields, in the said County; which Premises are now laid out into Streets, and other Places, with many Tenements and Buildings erected thereon; the chief of which, are at present known and distinguished by the Naines following; viz. King's-square, aliasSoho-square, Greek-street, Church-street, Mooi'-street, Compton street.

Frith-street, Charles-street, Sutton-street, Queen-street,

Dean-street, King's-court, Faulconberg-court,

North Side of King's-street, West Side of alias Hog-lane, South Side of the Road called Acton Road leading from St. Giles's towards Tyburne; the whole Ground aforesaid being limited and bounded as followeth; viz. By the said high Road leading towards Tyburne, on the North j By the said Lane or Street called Crown-

street,

i o W. III. 16° Februarii.

105

street, alias Hog lane, towards the East; By the said Street, or high Road, leading towards Piccadilly, called street, over against the Land called the Military ,now also built upon, towards the South; and By the Back-part of Houses and Lunds late in the Tenure of Sir Wm.

Poultney Knight, deceased, or his Assigns, in a Street called Old Soho, alias Wardour-st in Part, and by a Lane called Hedge-lane, now Princes-street, in other Part, towards the West: All which Pieces or Parcels of Land, with all and Angular their Appurtenances, were, inter alia, granted the 17th Day of Juin the Year of our Lord

1672, by the late Queen-Mother Henrietta Maria's Trustees, by Directions or Warrants from his late Majesty King Charles the I Id, to John Harvey Esquire, and Sir

Knight, in Trust for the late Earl of St. Albans; to hold to the said John Harvey and Sir John Coell in Trust, as aforesaid, for and during, and unto the full End and Term of Three-and-thirty Years, to commence from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, in the Year of our Lord 1681; rendering the refore yearly, during the said Term, at the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, the several Sums of 52 s.and 6 d. and Sixteen Shillings for the Price of a Sheep; in all, per Annum, 3 /. 8 s. 6d payable to the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to the Bailiff or Receiver of the Premises for the Time being: And the same were also further granted to the said Earl's Use, amongst divers other things, by Indenture under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date on or about the 1 oth Day of September, in the 26th Year of the Reign of the said late king Charles the lid, made, or mentioned to be made, between the said King's Majesty, of the First Part; the Right Honourable Henry Earl of St.

John Harvey Esquire, and Sir John Coell Knight, of the Second Part; and Baptist May Esquire, of the Third Part; to hold for the Term of 20 Years, to commence from the Expiration of the former; which last Term will end at the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel 1734; reserving the same Rents of 52 s. 6 d and 16 s. for the Price of a Sheep, payable in like manner as by the former Grant; together with all and Angular Houses, EdiAces, Buildings, Courts, Yards, Gardens, Lights, Easements, Cellars, Drains, Sewers, Ways, Waters, Watercourses. Conduits, Pipes, Stables, Stable-yards, and all other Commodities, Advantages, Emoluments, Hereditaments, RtverAon and ReverAons, Remainder and Remainders, Rents, Issues, and Proftts, of the Premises before described, whether known by the Names aforesaid, or by whatsoever other Name or Names the fame, or any Part or Parcel thereof, are now, or hereafter may be, called; with their and every of their Appurtenances val' in lxviii s. vi d.

Memorandum, There were 37 Years to come, at Michaelmas last, 1697, of the several Terms granted, as aforesaid, to the said late Earl of St. Albans' Trustees: The Value of the Premises hath been lately computed (excluAve of w hat is herein after-mentioned to be granted in Fee, or for long Terms) at or about 10,000 /. per Annum, conAdering Casualties and Decays, during the remaining Term; and the ReverAon in Fee is valued at 25,000l. continuing a Fee-farm Rent of 3/. 8 s. 6 d.

This Constat is made by a special Order from the late Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treal'ury, and in pursuance of his Majesty's Command, in order to a Grant of the Premises therein contained (except l'uch Part thereof as shall be thought At to be excepted', to be passed, under the Great Seal of England, unto the Right Honourable William Earl of Portland, or to such Perlunor Personsas he shall nominate, his or their Heirs and Assigns for ever, rendering to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, for the fame, the Annual and Fee-farm Rent of 3 /. 8 s. 6d. payable at the Feast of St Michael the Archangel, or w ithin 20 Days after, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, or to the Hands of the Receiver-General of the County of for the Time

being. A Clause is At to be inserted, for entering the Grant with the Auditor, for charging the said Rent acccrd-You XII.

ingly, and all such beneftcial Clauses added as may make Grants from the same more Arm, valid, and effectual, to the ^Crown* Grantee.

His Majesty King Charles the lid having, by Letters Patents under his Great Seal, bearing Date the 30th Day of Mayfm the 31th Year of his Reign, granted unto Thomas Lord Jermyn, and his Heirs, all that Piece or Parcel of the said Kemp's-field, or B w hereon the Fabrick of a Church, lately called the Greek Church (now or lately used by the French Protestants), and certain Alms-houses, are erected, together with the said Fabrick of a Church, and Alms-houses; which said Parcel of Ground last mentioned is Atuate near the said Crown-street, alias Hog-lane and contains on the West Side, from North to South, 97 Feet of Assize, little more or less; on the East Side thereof, 147 Feet; and from East to West, on the South Side, 145 Feetj and on the North Side thereof, 142 Feet; together with all Ways and Passages to the said Piece or Parcel of Ground belonging or appertaining, or therewith used j which Premises were granted, as atdresaid, to hold to the said Thomas Jermyn, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, to the Use of the Poor of the Parish of St. Martins in the Fields j and therefore At to be excepted.

This is a Grant by Letters Patents from his present Majesty, under the Great Seal, bearing Date the 5th Day of May 1697; made unto Thomas Pitt Esquire, of Part of the said Lands (included in the aforegoing Constat, but not in the Valuation), conftfting of Two Pieces or Parcels of Ground, with divers Tenements thereon erected; the ift Piece Atuate on the West Side of Dean-street aforesaid; and abutting Northward on the back Part of certain Houses in a small Court, called St. Ann s-court, in Depth there 165 Feet of Assize, little more or lei's s and thence extending Southward, fronting East on the said Street, in Length 580 Feet of AAize, or thereabouts; and in Depth, at the South End thereof, terminated by certain Gardens belonging to divers Tenements on the South Part of a Court, called Dean s-court, 130 Feet, or thereabouts; and is bounded on the West by the said Houses and Ground late belonging to Sir William Poultney, or his Assigns, in the said Street, called Old Soho, alias Warder-street; the other Piece Atuate on the East Side of the same Dean street, containing in Front,

West ward to the said Street, loo Feet of Assize, or thereabouts; and being of unequal Depth, adjoining Eastward to several Yards belonging to the Houses of Richard Osburne, George Samms, Wood, Frost, or Come of them; and abutting South on feme Houses formerly demiled to Matthew Frith by Richard Frith and William Pirn, and North on other Ground of the said Wm. Pym; which last Premises were granted to the said Thomas Pitt for 99 Years, to commence from the Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1734, (being computed to be the Expiration of the said several Leases made to the said Earl of St.

Albans' Trustees); reserving the annual Rent of 135. 4 payable at the Receipt of Exchequer, or to the Hands of the Receiver-General of the County of Middlesex for the Time being, at Michaelmas only, as by the said Letters Patents may more fully appear.

Other Part of the said Premises, included allb in the Boundaries mentioned in the Constat aforegoing, but not comprised |within the said Valuation, conAfting of all that Piece or Parcel of Ground abuttingNorth on the said A7»g V-square, alias Soho-square;and containing in Front, next the said Square, from East to West, 76 Feet of Assize, little more or lei's; and in Depth from North to South, as the same abutteth East on the House and Ground now or late of Garrett Weymand, and others, extending from the said Square to Queen-street aforesaid, 280 Feet of Assize, little more or leis; and as the same abutteth West in Part on the House and Ground, now or late of dogan Thomas, 154 Feet of A ffize, or thereabouts; in the other Part (the same jetting out in a stra.it Lane West-ward 40 Feet) on the said Frith-street, 126 Feet of Assize, little more or less; together with the capital

E e j Messuage

16° Februarii

i 06

Grants from Messuage or Tenement, Messuagfts or Tenements, and

tbt Crotvn. a]| Out-houses, Stables, and other Edifices and Buildings thereupon erected and built, with all and every of their Appurtenances whatsoever; were, by several mesne-Con-veyances or Assignments, under the said Earl of St. Albans' Grant, vested in the late Duke of Monmouth, for the greatest Part of the said Earl of St. Albans' Terms; and the said Duke forfeiting the fame; his late Majesty King Charles the I Id, the 28th of January 1684, made a new Grant thereof to Sir Stephen Fox, and Mr. Nicolas Fenn, for the remaining Term, in Trust for the Duchess of Monmouth, and other U fes, as by that Deed may appear; and another Lease thereof, was made the 30th of March 1688, to the said Duchess, for the Term of Two-and-fifty Years, to commence from the aforesaid Feast of St. Michael the Archangel, 1734.

The aforegoing Parcels, granted to Captain Pitt, being out of the Crown, for 136 Years; and the other Part to the Ducheis of Monmouth for about 89 Years to come; the Premises thereby leased were not now valued; nor are the same much worth, after the Expiration of those long Terms; and the small Rents of 13$. 4 referred on Mr. Pitt's, and 20,f. on the said Duchess' Grants, will not become due to the Crown till after the Year 1734: It is therefore humbly submitted to his Majesty's good Pleasure, and the Judgment of the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, whether both, or which, of these Parcels be excepted out of the intended Grant to my Lord Portland, or included therein.

Part of the said Kemps-J hath been, by Act of Parliament made in the 30th Year of the Reign of his late Majesty King Charles the JId, intituled, An Act for making the Part of the Parish of Martin's in the Fields

a new Parish, to be called the Parish of St. Anne within

*£97.

the Liberty of Westminster, appropriated for ever to the Use of the said Parish, as followeth; All that Parcel of Land, containing 233 Deet from Eftft to West, a little more or left, and 184 Feet from North to Sooth, a -little more or lefB; abutting South on a Parcel of Ground, here under-mentioned, then deligned, and since employed, for a Glebe in the aforesaid Street, Called Kirtg's-etreet; and North upon a Parcel of Ground, then in the Possession of Mr. Richard Frith, since enjoyed as Backyards or Gardens to certain Houses fronting -

street aforesaid; West on the Street or Road going to Soho, now called Prince-street, and heretofore and East upon the Street aforesaid, called Dean-sheet; which is thereby declared to be for ever employed, separated, and used, for a Parish Church, and Cemetery, or Church-yard; and also all that Parcel of Ground, Part also of the said Kemp's-field, being the designed Glebe-land aforesaid, in a Street called Kings-street there, near unto the said Cemetery, or Church-yard of the said Church, containing from East to West 213 Feet, a little more or less; which last Parcel, is by the said Act, directed to belong to the Rector of the said Church, and his Successors, as of his or their Dunelhe, as of Fee, in the Right of the said Church; which several Parcels of Land, according to thel'e Dimensions and Boundaries,

I think are fit to be excepted out of the intended Grant.

This Grant is to pass, by his Majesty's special Command, in Consideration of certain defective Fee farm Rents conveyed to the said Earl of Portland, ... the good, faithful, and acceptable Services performed to his Majesty by his Lordship. and the Rent before-mentioned to be reserved, and made payable.

Exa' per Sa. '1 ravers, Domini Regis Supervif.

Gen.

N* II. A Copy of a LIST, directed in Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 15th Day of September 1697, for granting several forfeited Lands and Estates specified therein, amounting to the clear yearly Value of Two thousand and One Pound Eighteen Shillings and Nine-pence Halfpeny} as followeth} viz.

Proprietors.

Denominations.

Acres.

Value.

Quit Rent.

Luke Garvey -

Bamaby Byrne -

Christopher Bath

Henry Dowdall-Martin Dillon -

Phil. Tuite

County Meath. Moyfenragh Barony. Maudlins - 45

Kells Barony. Croflakeele - 622

Morgallion Barony. Knittftowne - 192

Du leek Barony. fBrownftowne figl

[Raloge.

Rnockbegg - 47

Demyfore Barony. fNew-Castle - 1579) l5>5J

{Fenmore.

Town and Liberties of Drogheda. Two Parks - - - 17

Two Parks - - - 12

Several Parks - - 30

Two Parks, called the' Justices Parks - 5

Two Houses in Pillory-street, late in the Possession of Alderman ' -

Newton -One House in the said' Street, late in the Possession of Alderman

Stoker One House in James-' street, late in the Possession of Alderman

El wood

I. s. d. 6 13 — 93 6 — 45 ——

171 15 — 11 15 —

177 15 —

17 ——

12 ——

30 ——

5 ——

14 ——

8 ——

5 ——

I. s. d.

— l8 12 11 10{ 3 >7 9

Mortgage to Hugh Ryley for 597 L Mr. Savage has made Affidavit, That ho never made any Benefit of these Lands, though found by tnquisition to be forfeited by BarnabyByrnc, nutjawed; And alleges. That the Person outlawed is not the Proprietor of these Lauds, bat another Perfott of the same name.

13 18 u

Mortgage to Doctor Jaaf for 4001.

— 19 — f

22 2 n|

— 6 lof

— 4 ioi

— 12 if

— 2 — I

y/

10 W. III.

Proprietors. DeubinifttrtfoiUI*

Christopher Chee vers

Martin Dillon -

James Hadfor

Christopher Nugent -

SirMau. Eustace

John Bagott

Vo l. XII.

One House in West-fttefet,! latO in the Pofiession 6B Alderman Nicholls -J One House in James-stredt, j late in Pofiession bf j by Waters - -J

One House in Peter-stredtJ late m Pofiession of Al- > derman Stoker - - J

One Housein James-street,] late in Pofiession of Ge-!

rard Ranger

-J

One House adjoining, ldtel in Possession of Sybyj-Waters -One House with a Garden-plot, in James-streetahd Scarlet-lane, late in Possession ot Gerard Ranger Two Tenements, with a Garden-plot, without DublinGate, late in Possession of Gerard Ranger One ruined House, with a^ Garden-plot, on die East-fide of Scarlett-lane, ih Pofiession of Gerard. Ranger -Co. Dublin.

Coolock Barony. Balcultry - -

Balftabucks - -

Tongelee -Milelbulh -Part of the Rath of Kil-'l loflery - -J

Brabruthery Barony. ReynoldltownandRafodan Ballynageeroge Baltray and Ardgillam -An Annuity of S /. per An-j num out of the Ladds' , of Killelane

Coolock Barony.

(The Town and Lands I called Donoghs [Lavillin's Lands

Co. Kildare.

Ikeathy and OughteraHy Barony.

Several Tenements in Kil^ cok, and the Moiety of Customs of the Fairs and Markets thereof, with Adres Nar&gh and Re bane Barony.

Part of Ulke

Co* Carlow.

Forth Barony.

Bally Kelly -

Acres

in

Ballinru Sajagh

Part of MtcbeU A Mill, and 3 TobinftOwn One Quarter of Kilmaglish Carrane Purseeh -Ravilly Bardny. Pwtrafhefen, with ^0 Acres" of BuolymOrd -Heraldftowne City and Liberties of Kilkenny,

Talbotts Inch 1 - j -

One-sixth tfKeafingftewhe 1 1

i6° Februarii.

Aerts.

120

l3

73

fit

45

80

645

5001

500/

140

2!g

4°

200

9OO

~2§0

- L t

1561

«5/

Vftlhe.

I-

3

s. (L

2 ——

2 ——

36

58

21

8 ——

17 —

35 —

50

Jo

14

11

7 —

4 —

15 —

4 6

45

31

5,

5° T,--1

QaltiRttlt.

it

r

1 19

— 10 11 156

287

— 7 3i 1 9

— 12 —

— 10 1

— l8

1 12 41

13 1 2

10 2 5i

10 2 54 2 16 8i 488

— I 2}

— 16

4 — ni

18- 4 3t

1 1 M

4 Vo 84

rt>7

la Dower to the Widow Hadfor.

In Joimeare to the Lady Eu/tace.

Chanted to Mr. KcightUy for 99 Years.

This £fta<e is found by Inquisition to be forfeited in Fee; but a Deed was offered on the latpiiy, limiting the Remainder after the Dentil ef she forfeiting Person, to bip Sint Mate* Btigott, who is jadged to be within the Articles of Limerick; but the Jury did not find the fame.

Alleged, That these Lands are in old Leaibw at tess Rent than here charged to ttnfoHaiting Persons; but the said Leases were not found by Inquisition.

ttorigtfed U Tho. Event for 551.

Grant, front, the Crown.

Grants from the Crown.

1.08

Proprietors.

16° Februarii.

A. 1697.

Denominations.

One Hoafe in Corn-Market One Grift-Mill -

One Knife-Mill -

Two Stone Houses Bishop's Hill and Meadow One Dwelling-house, with" several Cabins and Plots of Ground

Acres.

Totals - £.

Value.

2 ——

24 ——

1,104

Quit-Rent

£ J. d.

1 7 —

M3 4 7i

Proprietors.

James Talbott -John Forster -

ArthurGallway by Mortgage from the Earl of Ty rone for 1,500l.

Walter Tuite -

Denominations.

Co. Dublin. Gallonftowne - - 130

Ballydond - - - 120

In Eiker - - 4

In Lucan 5

Co. Waterford.

Bullyfoni - 169

Laherdane - 781

Nether Ballycloghy - 190

Kilbracks - 343

Knocknefally . - - 210

Clonedonnell - - 386

Currehane - 722

Whiteftowne - - 231

' Co. Westmeath.

Moyashell and Maghera-dernon Barony.

Part of Cullenbegg Part of Robinstowne

Farrenrufig -Geofirieftowne

Manilea -

Brittas Cor and Cortrons Corkery Barony.

Part of the Lands of Kil-") maglish -J

Abstra# of the foregoing Schedule.

C d.

Grofo yearly Rent - - 1,104 1 6

Yearly Interest of locum-

brances - - - $ "

Quit-rents Net-rent -

981 1 6 - 143 16 10J

- £. 837 16 iOj

Acres.

5 2 223. 22. 48 194. 653-

67.

Dan. O'Keife -

Edw. Blanchfeild

253

163.

Garryenry -

Co. Corke. Duhallow Barony, Dromagh Dromgarriff -Kippagh Cullenane -Dromahow -Dromlkehy -Dwaryns Lakifoy Kilcolman -Claragh and Cooleknockane Knocknegreenane -One-third of Cullen, being"!

1,627 in *dl - -J Knocknegree, and Part of Knockheval Coolelkirean Liberties of Kilkenny. Blanchfeild's Lands and" Archerfrath Co. Kilkenny.

Gowran Barony. Blanchfeild's Town Bennett's Bridge -Everftowne, alias Currane Blanchfeildftowne -Smithftowne -

In Rathleig -Maddoxtowne Blanchfeild's Park Two Parks and Cabin in Gowrau - -

3

2°.

imp.

1.

3-

imp.

mp.

Value.

C S. d. 120---

65--

150 ——

205 — —

Quit-Rent.

£. s. d.

2 15 5i 2 12 2i

85

510

222

196

609

130

230

500

100

555

900

500

9»

640

238

253

380

258

12

280

589

10

30 16 —

XnCuttodiam toBrigadier Wool*fey at SOL per Annum.

Nine Pounds per Annum Rent-charge to Mr. Justice Ceote, in Cuttodiam to Che. Deering Esquire.

One-fourth to the Difeorercr.

! Judgments - 1,4881. Mortgage - 100 L

15 ——

100

65

40

60

40

2

42

80

1 10

1 16 10

12

4

5

7

5

19 2 16 3

3 2

13 >o

4

— 4

5 >3 11 18

9

10

4

6

— 4 —

In Custediam to the Widow Brown for 91 Years at the Qnit-rent, nod therefore not valued.

Subject to Jseveral Incumbrances: The. principal Money whereof remaining due is computed at 1,900 L

ro W. III.

16° Febtuariu

Proprietors. Denominations. Acres. Value. Quit-rent.

Iverk Barony. £,* s. d. £. s. d.

fBallyshallagh - 200^1

1 Monreen - - - 100

John Neale (Licketftowne - 400 112 16 12 —

|The retrenched Part of

Colrody - . - 120

Co. Galway.

Killconnell Barony.

/'Moat Killone - 353

In Carrane - - 400

InMonaveen&Carrowmore 427

Clonedaghand Shehanagh 300

Tuorineand Gortfadda - 127

Knockmore - - 70 I

Corbally 17 , 1 1

Part of Castlebin - - 60

Cloonekilline - 196

Lifnevoltna - - 168

Peter Martin ( Coolenegourk alias Gort- 148,) 300

' 0 negarke - - 39 9 9

Precinct of the Abbey of 12

Killconnell -

Knocknaughter Killane - 157

Ballintubber, 1 Car' - 47

Gorteleer, 1 Car' - - 52

Clonchellis, 1 Car' . 65

Bogg in Common - - 7

Tyaquin Barony.

Carrowholla - 178

.In Clonchowne - 26 j

Grants from the Crown.

One-Third of Two-Third* in Jointure to a Widow for Life.

Judgment 1501,

Abstract of the foregoing Schedule*

£. t. d. £. s. d. Grof, yearly Va-J, _ 1>397 10

Quit-rents - 148 — ll"l

Yearly Interest of\ f500 4 9*

the Incumbrances / 4 8 ->

Net Rent -

A general Abstract of the Whole. Gross Value of the First Lilt -

Of the Second Lift ——

£ s

1,104

Quit-rent of the First Lift Oi the Second Lift

Yearly Interest of Incumbrances On the First Lift On the Second Lift

Total Quit-rents

e -

143 4 7i

148 — if

291 4 9i

- B 7 5 2*

s. d.

1 8

10 —

2,501 11 8

123 ——

352 4 8

766 9 5$

Examined. James Boimcll, Register.

Net Rent on the Whole

£ i,73.) 2 — i

N° III. A Copy of a Schedule annexed to Letters of the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 23d Day of April 1697, for granting unto Maur Debts, Judgments, and Incumbrances, therein mentioned.

Discoveries made by Maurice Annesley Esquire, of Debts and Incumbrances on Lands, which by the Forfeitures and Rebellion of the Proprietors are now vested in his Majesty.

Six hundred Pounds Incumbrance on the Lands of in the County of and!

Half Barony of Killadlen, by Two Elegits:The Land is the Propriety of Patrick aj

Protestant; but it is the Forfeiture of Thomas Euftaceoi

One thousand Three hundred Pounds Incumbrance of Mich. Chamberlain on the Lands ofl Little Rath, Sec. which takes place of the many Protestant Creditors to Christ. Sherlock, the > forfeiting Person - -- - - -- - - - -J

Fifty-seven Pounds pei' Annum, being the Forfeitures of Hen. Fitz-Gerald of BlackxvoodA which he held in Right of his Wife's Jointure - - - - . - - -J

The first and last of the above Particulars are in Charge in the Rent-roll of Forfeitures for the Year, ending Lady-day 1696, as is above expressed. Certified this 14th of December 1695.

James Bonnell, Register to the Commissioners of Forfeitures.

600 — —

1,300 ——

57 ——

The several Particulars, as above-mentioned, were discovered by Maurice Annesley Esquire; and his Majesty's Title found accordingly, by several Inquiries at Naas. Certified this 14th of December 1695. Richard Darling, Sollicitor to the Commissioners of Forfeitures.

16 December 1695. According to the Rate which we have agreed with Discoverers, the within named Maurice Annesley Esquire, ought to have the Fourth Part of the clear Profits accruing to his Majesty out of the within named Discovery

Richard Cox, Joseph Stepney,

Edward Corker, Cha. Dering.

Edward May,

Vo L. XII. Ff N* IV.

(Grants from the Crow*.

no

16° Februarii. . 1697.

N* IV. A Copy of a Schedule mentioned in Letters to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the lft Day of December 1697, for demifing to Tho. Cook several Lands forfeited to his Majesty; together with a Report of the Lords Justices, relating the reunto; as followeth, viz.

A Schedule, containing the several Denominations of Land held by Donogh O Bryon, with the Number of Acres, and Quit-rent.

Proprietor#. Denominations. Acres. Quit-rent.

Donogh 0 Bryan; by Lease"! from Tho. Cook, for 89 Years, 1 commencing 1636; at 60/. J per Annum Rent. J Co. Corke. Condons and Clangibbons Barony. Dungillane, j a Ploughland. 1 Ballynoughan, alias Ballygrena- > gan - J Caroone, alias Carmore, I al Ploughland - - -J Ballynadder, alias Ballymeadagh,) l Ploughland - - -J Propoge, alias Propegna, £ al Ploughland - - -J Cronagh, alias Cronaghill -Ballynemoony - Knockatronany, alias Knockdri- fhane -J 349 208 599 440 480 67 339 Quit-rent by Act of Settlement. 371. 16«.: but reduced, by the Commissioners for executing the said Act, to 9/. 8$. S\d.

Examined. 2,482

Our very good Lords,

In Answer to your Lordships Letter to us, bearing Date the 13th of April last, concerning the Petition of Thomas Cook Merchant; we have considered the fame: And, the better to inform ourselves of the Matter desired by the Petitioner, we referred the feme to the Commissioners of his Majesty's Revenue, and Forfeitures; as also to his Majesty's Solicitor-General; whose Reports we herewith indole; and most humbly submit the feme to his Majesty's Royal Consideration, and good Pleasure. We are, our very good Lords,

Your Lordships most humble Servants,

Montrath,

Dublin-Cast le, Droghedah.

The 27th May 1697.

Commissioners Revenues Report.

To their Excellencies the Lords Justices General, and General Governors, of Ireland.

May it please your Excellencies,

In Obedience to your Excellencies Order of Reference, tlated the 29th April last, on the annexed Petition of Tho. Cooke Merchant, directing us to examine, and report to your Excellencies, the several Denominations of the Lands desired by the Petitioner, what the yearly Value ofl'uch Lands is, with what Incumbrances we find thereon, together with our Opinion what may fitly be done therein; we have considered the feme, and annexed a Schedule, containing the several Denominations of the said Lands, the Number of Acres, and the Quit-rent payable out of the feme: And we humbly report to your Excellencies, That we find the said Lands were held by Donnagh O Bryan, by a Lease under the Petitioner, for several Years yet to come, and unexpired: That the said Donnagh O Bryan is outlawed for High Treason, and his Right to the said Lease thereby forfeited to his Majesty: That, on the Inquisition held in the County of Cork in 1694, his Majesty's Title to the said Forfeiture was found; but it doth not appear thereby, at what Rent the said Bryon held the feme, nor what Number of Years are yet to come on the Lease. We find the full Yearly Value of the said Lands, for a Lease of 31 Years, to be 120/. per Annum. We further humbly report to your Excellencies, That no other Proof hath been offered to us, either of the Number of Years of the said Lease, of the Rent payable, or of what Arrears are due thereon, feve only Mr. Sollicitor-General's Report to your Excellencies, and the Affidavit of Edward Yeomans thereto annexed: That by the said Report it appears, that the said Lease 23

was for 89 Years from the Year 16365 that the yearly Rent, payable to Mr. Cook, is 60 /.; and that the Arrear, due at the 25th of March last, is 3841. 17 6d. Upon the Whole, the said Lands being of the full yearly Value of 1201, which is 601, per Annum over and above the reserved Rent, we value his Majesty's Interest therein, which, according to Mr. Sollicitor-General's Report, appears to be for 28 Years, to be worth 150/. over and above the said Arrear: And we value a Lease for 30 Years of the Premises, under the Rent of 10/. per Annum, besides the Quit-rent (which is what is desired by the Petitioner), to be worth 1 o I. per Annum more, clear, over and above all Arrears and Incumbrances. All which we humbly submit to your Excellencies Consideration, this 22th Day of May 1697.

Tho. Keightley,

Jo. Lowther, Chris. Carleton.

Sollicitor-General's Report.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Justices of his Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland.

In Obedience to your Lordships Order of Reference, dated the 29th Day of April 1697, to me directed, I have considered the Petition of Thomas Cook Merchant, referred to your Lordships by the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty‘s Treasury in England; and do find. That the Petitioner is lawful Proprietor of the Lands of Dungillane, in the County of Cork, and Kingdom of Ireland, containing Four Ploughlands and an Half; and that most of the said Land is coarse and mountainous, but not unprofitable Ground. I further find. That, after the Petitioner had purchased the Inheritance of the said Land, there happened Contests and Suits, both in Law and Equity, between the Petitioner and one Dennis Bryen; who insisted, that a Lease of the said Four Ploughlands and Half was made by Dominick late Lord Viscount of Kilmallock, then

Owner of the said Lands, to Daniel O Bryan and John O Bryan, bearing Date in the Year 1636, for the Term of 89 Years, commencing l'ome time in the Year 1636, at the yearly Rent of 601, payable at Michaelmas, and the 25th of March; to the Benefit and Remainder whereof he was intitled, as Administrator to the Survivor of the said joint Lefl'ees; the Reality of which Lease the Petitioner for feme time contested; but at length the said Bryan obtained a Decree in the High Court of Chancery in this Kingdom, to enjoy the said Lands, under the said Lease, during the Remainder of the said Term

of

10 W. III. i

hi

of 89 Years, paying the Rent thereon reserved, to the Petitioner, his Heirs and Assigns. I find by Certificate, bearing Date the 5th Day of 1697, under the Hand of James Tifdall Esquire, Deputy-Clerk of the Crown of his Majesty's Court of King's-Bench, hereunto annexed, That the said Dennis O Bryen of Hands in-

dieted, and outlawed, for High Treason by him committed against his present Majesty, since his Accession to the Crown; whereby his Right to the said Lease is forfeited to his Majesty: But I do not find, That the said Lands have yet been seized into his Majesty's Hands; or that any Inquisition hath been taken, finding the Forfeiture of the said Bryen, or his Majesty's Title to the said Lease. Edmund Yeomans Gentleman, in an Affidavit hereunto annexed, dated 12 April 1695, made in a Cause then depending in the Chancery between the Petitioner and the said Bryen, depofeth, That he verily believes,

there was Seven Years Rent due, out of the said Lands, to the Petitioner, on the 25th Day of March 169.5, by the said Dennis O Bryen; and that the Quit-rent thereof was also then in Arrear since 1688; there being at that rime no Distress on the said Lands to take for the Quit-rent, or Landlord's Rent I am also informed, and believe it to be true, That the said Bryen hath not since that time paid any Part of the said Arrear of Rent, or of the Rent incurred since Lady-day 1695; but that the Petitioner, soon after that time, possessed himself of the said Lands, by virtue of a Custodiam, obtained from his Majesty's Court of Exchequer, upon an Outlawry in Debt, upon Bond, against the said , at the Suit of the Petititioner. I find, That Colonel James Manfergh is intitled to the Seventh Part of the said Rent of 60 /.

reserved on the said Bryen's, Lease, amounting to 8 /. 11 and 6d. yearly; lb as Seven Years Rent, due to the Petitioner at Lady-day 1695, amounts to the Sum of 360/. 3-s. od.; out of which, deducing the usual Abatement of a Year and a HalFs Rent for the War, amounting to 77 I- 35- 6<af.; there remained, payable by the said Bryen to the Petitioner, at Lady-day 1695, inclusive, 282/. 19 s. 6d.; which, with Two Years Rent more, become due at Lady-day lait, amounting to 102/. 18s. makes in the Whole, at the 25th Day of March lall, inclusive, the Sum of 384/. 17 s. 6d.I am not able to give your Lordships Information of the Value of the said Lands, nor whether the said Arrear be worth more than the Purchase of the said Lease, or whether any Benefit can accrue to his Majesty's Revenue by the lame: But, upon the whole Matter, am humbly of Opinion, That the said Lease is forfeited to his Majesty by the Outlawry of the said Bryen for Treason; and that it is in his Majesty's Power to make a Lease or Grant of the said Lands to the Petitioner, during the Remainder of the said Term of 89 Years; it not appearing to me, That the said Bryen is adjudged to be comprehended within, or intitled unto the Benefit of, any Articles; and though he should be, yet he is not restorable to the said Lease for Years by virtue thereof, unless by his Majesty's special Grace and Favour: But whether his Majesty will graciously please to grant the Petitioner's Request, by making him a Lease of the said Lands; and, if lb, upon what Terms, and under what Kent; is fit, in my humble Opinion, to be wholly referred to his Majesty s Royal Will and Pleasure: All which is, nevertheless. humbly submitted to your Lordships Consideration, this 7th Day of May 1697.

Alan

N° V. A Copy of the Schedule specified in a Letter to the Lords Justices of Ireland, of the 15th Day of

1697, for granting to the Marquis of Puissar, and his Heirs, several forfeited ..... therein specified; viz.

Proprietors.

Christopher Barnwell

Nich. Plunket, by Lease from Eliz. Juxton, for 39 Years, from November 82; at 95L per Annum.

Nic. Darcy.

Terence Coghlan.

Dudly Bagnall.

Vol. XII.

Denominations. Acres.

Co. Dublin. Rathdown Half-Barony.

Connage-Tyrenure -

Co. Meath. Deece Barony.

Kiltayle - 552

Co. Lowth.

The Manor of Stonetown; and! the Two Roxloghs, Part of 700

the same -j

King's Co. English Barony.

The Manor of Killyan 1,538

Co. Caterlogh.

Ballymoone - - - - 316 2

Old-Towne - - - - 280

Rath wade - 336

Orchard - - - 294

Knockbower, with 150 Acres'! unprofitable -J 142

Ballytrafny - 506

Dunleckny - - - - 291

Ballylhane, Part of Bohermore,j alias Bowermore -J 449

The Two Parks of Rathedem - 273

Rathduffe - - - 205

Part of Dimleckny -Bohermore - - - -Leguff, alias Sleguff - 349

Killcrutt - 450

Rath-Ballycullane, alias Rath-' Ballyninan, and Knock- Bally- 430

nahane, Part of the same Mill of Dunleckny -Killcarrik, with 90 Acres un- 410

profitable -Ballyphenine - 150

Ballycoony - 150

Killhaneclone - . 193

Full Value. Quit-rent. 1 [ncumbrance. Net Value.

1. s. d. £> s- d. £. s. d. £. s. d.

80 - - - - 40

332 10 11 5 - - 33 io —

140 14 3 6 100 25 16 6

230 3i a 9* 3o 168 17 2*

Grants from the Crown.

112

16° Februarii.

Grants from the Crown.

A. i 6

Proprietors.

D. Bagnall.

Richard Sealing, by Lease from Earl of Angle-fey, for 51 Years, From 15 January 74, at 40/. per Annum, Quit-rent included.

Drury Wray,

Denominations. Acres. Full Value. Quit-rent. Incumbrance. Net Value.

Ballinkilleen, alias Ballybilleen - 468 £ d. £ d- £. s. d. £ * d.

Ballywillianroe - 386

Ballynefilloge - 158

Ballynree and Cloghcemptwell - 135

Ballycortnuck - 345

Cloghwalter - Ballyclonlomuck, alias Balliclon- tomage -J Kildeny and Killydane, Part on 100 285

102 3

the same -j

Sefskinmadery - 243

Clonegrofie, alias Clonegroufe - 68 3

Knockroe - Mumbeg and Knock-Mill, Part] 403 1,380

of the Town and Lands of} 268 500 50 138

Dunleckney - - -J Carrickbegg - 400 See the Reafo* of this Value in the Report.

Moyvally - 25

Dunroe - 209

Bally negrane - 60

Knocknegandenah - - 68

Ballaghidwne - 111

Clonevade - 100

Knockclonegada - 158

Knockfcarr ..... 260

Ballyryan ..... 156

Ballylow ..... 372

Rahindaragh - 30

Crannagh ..... 416

Roffdeligh and Killenerly, Part] 0An 0

of the same -J -49 2

Toomduffe - 244 1

Rathannagh - - - 459

Killedmond - 200

Urny, alias Nurny - 300

Killdrinagh - 200

Newtowne - 284

Ballyhubock - 50

Cheifrys.

Sefskinryan and Ganpannagh Ballincullin and Keltenal - -]

Part of Ballinvallagh and Qui-}

nough -J Knockanmickroe and Ballioval-]

lagh

Agah-Boherduff and Cloneene -Ballywalter and Ballykard Ballycaltryn and Ballycappogem Killree - - - -Ballynecarrigg ... 230

Tynrylane - 365

Rathroge - 356

Ballycroge - Ballyftapoleg, alias Stapleftowne 225

Killmanny and Harriftowne, Par-] 347

eels of the feme - - -J

Ballytomin, alias Ballybamin . - 95

Clonegah - 70

Ballywalter - - - - 150

Ballylinckard - Dunore ..... 263 233

Killmallapoge, and Part of Sle-]

guff - - - - -)

Co. Meath.

Navan Barony.

Mullagha - 529 103 . 82 21

Co. Limerick.

Rathcannon ---.-] Chionana - - - -} Drumaherbegg -J 890 160 13 10 3 - 146 9 9

Co. Ardmagh. Orrier Barony.

Loghkill, l Townland 204

Coolegreen, l Townland - 150 1 t

.to W. III. 16° Februarii. 113

Proprietors.

Denominations.

Murtagh McGennis, by Lease from the Counted of Caiilehaven for 21 Years, from 48 bebruary 1682; mt 100 /. per Annum.

Aghadanon, l Townland -Bally keel, l Townland Leballymore, l Townland Clarkill, i Townland Worrymore, i Townland -Unprofitable -Monylaw, 1 Townland Carrick Shilkin, l Townland Cortrane, l Townland Elaynow, 1 Townland Tanaghmullerenoge -Mullaghbane, 1 Townland Shanree, 1 Townland Sheane, 1 Townland Unprofitable -Carnequerke, £ Townland

Acres. I Full Value.

163'

)82

142

*37

180

107

180

34u

200

150

200

200

243

428

144

107

Exd James Bonnell, Register.

Grants from the Crown;

N* VI. A Copy of the Warrant, mentioned in Letters to the Lords Justices of of the 16th Day of

April 1697, for granting to Thomas Raylton Esquire several Judgments forfeited to his Majesty in Ireland; viz.

William R.

Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved Cousins and Councilors, and Right 'fruity and Well-beloved Cousin

and Counsellor, We greet you well. Whereas the Commissioners of our Treasury here have laid before Us a Report made to you, upon the Petition of Wigg

Esquire, for a Grant of certain Debts mentioned in a Schedule thereunto annexed; which you transmitted unto them; whereby it appears. That the said Debts are due by several Judgments, remaining of Record; and are found by Inquisition to be forfeited nnto Us by the several Persons under-mentioned; that is to lay,

One Judgment against Dominick Mead, of Dublin, Gentleman, due to Sir Steph. hice, for -

One other Judgment against Lord Viscount Clare, entered up in Trin' Term, 1667, in the Exchequer, due to the said Sir Stephen Rice

One Judgment against Matth. Barry, of our City of Dublin, Esquire, entered up in Trin' Term, 85, due to Sir Mich. Creagh, for-

One Judgment against Richard Paltry and Joseph Barry, Esquires, entered up iu Trin' Term, 1681, due to the said Sir Mich. Creagh, for -

One other Judgment against Sir Maur. Eustace, entered up in Trin' Term, 1683, for 400l. due to the said Sir Michael Creagh -

One other Judgment against Adam Loftus, Esquire, entered up in Trinity Term, 1683, for 400l. due to the said Sir Michael -

One Judgment against Geo. Kennedy, Merchant, due to the said Sir Michael, for ——

One Judgment against Sir Robert Reading, Baronet, entered up in Trinity Term, 1 Jac. Ildi, due to Sir Michael Creagh, for -

One other Judgment entered up against Sir Robert Nugent, of Conveagh in our County of Roscomon, Baronet, in Hil' Term, 27* and 28° Car. a41, for 6,000l. due to the Earl of Tyrconnell ——

One other Judgment against Nic. Darcy, of Plattin, in Easter Term, 24 Car. II. for 250/. due to the said Earl of Tyrconnell -

One other Judgment against Geo. Drake, of Kildraught in our County of Kjlldare, in Trin' Term, 25 Car. II. for 30/. due to the said Earl of Tyrconnell -One other Judgment against Sir Wm. Talbott, Baronet, in Mich. Term, 1683, for 4,000l. due to ihe laid Earl ——

Allb Two several Judgments in the Exchequer, in Trinity Term, 1678, against Tho. Radleigh, Tiege Riordan, John Chinnery, and Matth. Iloar, in our County of Cork, for the Sum of 200l. each, due to Sir Valentine Brown Baronet -

One Judgment against Robert Earl of Londonderry, in Trinity Term, 1687, in our Court of Exchequer, for 660/. due to Sir Patr. Trant -

One other Judgment against Win. Talbot Esquire, in Michaelmas, 1688, for l,oooo/. doe to the said Sir Patrick Trant ——

One other Judgment against Donagh Earl of Clancarty, in the said Term, for 1,000 /. due to the said Sir Patrick Trant ——

One other Judgment against John Taaf, of Calashtown, in our County of Low th, Esquire, entered up in Easter Term, 88, for 800l. due to the said Sir Patrick ——

One other Judgment against Nicholas Earl of Carlingford, entered up in Easter Term in 1688, for 800l. due to the said Sir Pat. Trant -

And also Two Judgments, in the Name of Patrick Trant, Esquire, against Francis Earl of Longford, and Ambrose Angier, Esquire, in Hil' Term, 1685, each for 317/. js. 8 d. - -

Judgments.

£. s. d. 120 ——

5.000 ——

400 ——

400 ——

400 ——

400 ——

400 ——

400 — —

6.000 -

250 — —

30 ——

4.000 — —

200 ——

660 ——

1.000 ——

1.000 —

Principal Debts,

j Q.s. d.

60 ——

2,500 ——

200 ——

200 ——

200 ——

200 ——

200 ——

200 ——

3,000 ——

125 ——

15 ——

2,000 — — 1

100 — —

330 ----- -1

500 ——

500 ——

800 ——

800 ——

317 7 3

400 ——

400 ——

158 8 10

Our

C rants from the Crown.

114

Our Witt and Plealbre now is, and We do hereby direct, authorize, and command, That you forthwith cause good and effectual Letters Patents to be patted under the Great Seal of that our Kingdom, by and with the Advice 6f our Coupcfl learned in the Law* there, or some of them, continuing a good and effectual Grant from Us unto our Trusty and Well-beloved Tho. Railton Esquire, in Consideration of the many good and faithful Services by him performed unto Us, of all our Right, Title, Interest, and Benefit, of and in the afore-mentioned Judgments, and every of them, and of and in all the Debts, Interest, Sum and Sums of Money, whatsoever, dec, and owing, or which ought to accrue, unto Us thereupon, respectively, by reason of the Attainders, Outlawries, or other Forfeitures, of the respective Per-Ibns for whom the same were entered up, as aforesaid, or for any other Matter, Cause, or Thing whatsoever, and which have not hitherto been answered to our Use; To hold lo the (kid Thomas Railton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the only Use and Behoof of him the said Thomas Railton, his Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, for ever, without any Account, or other Matter or Thing whatsoever, to be rendered or done unto Us, our Heirs or Successors, for the lame, or any Part thereof: And you are to cause to be inserted in the said Grant full Power and Authority to and for the said

A. i<597.

Thomas Railton, his Executors, Administrators, or Assigns, to and for his and their only Use and Behoof, to aflc, demand, prosecute, sue for, levy, and recover, the respective Sums owing unto Us, on the said Judgments afore-mentioned, or any of them, in his or their own Name or Names, or in the Name or Names of Us, our Heirs or Successors, and with the Aid of our Exchequer^ in that our Kingdom, if need be; and to do all other Acts, Matters, and Things, which We, our Heirs or Successors, may, might, or could do, for the levying recovering, or receiving thereof, or for compounding, acquitting, or discharging the fame; and all such other Powers, Clauses, and Provisoes, as shall be thought bell, and moll proper, for the Accomplishment of our Royal Intention herein before declared. And this shall be, as well to you, as to our Lieutenant, Deputy, or other chief Governor or Governors, of that our Kingdom, for the Time being, and to all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant So We bid you very heartily farewell. Given at our Court at Kensington, the 16th Day of April 1697, in the qth Year of our Reign.

By lib Majesty's Command,

Stc. Fox,

Cha. Mountagae, Jo. Smith,

Tho. Littleton.

15° Febma

N* VII. Ax ACCOUNT of what Sums are found to have been paid unto Richard Kent, and Cha. Duncomb, Esquires, Cashiers of the Customs and Excise, for Interest of Monies lent by them, or either of them, from the Year 1670.

2d March 1676. To Richard Kent, Esquire, for Interest of several Sums of Money lent to his Majesty, at 6 per Cent. Interest, and 2/. per Cent. Gratuity; as per Account made up to the ill January 1675 ——

Ditto. To Ditto, for Interest and Gratuity, at the same Rates; as per Accounts made up to the ill of July 1676 ——

1st December 1677. To Ditto, for the like; as per Accounts made up to the ill of July

1676..... ——

23th July 1679. To Richard Kent and Cha. Duncomb, Esquires, for Interest at 61. per Cent.

for Monies lent, due at Christmas 1678.....-

An Allowance to them of Two-Thirds more of all the said Interest, in Reward for their Services - Ditto. To Ditto, for Interest at 61. perCent. for Monies lent, due at Lady-day 1679 -

An Allowance to them of Two-Thirds more of all the said Interest, in Reward for their Service -

6 August 1679. To Ditto, for Interest at 6 /. per Cent, for Money lent, due at Midsummer 1679 An Allowance to them of Two-Thirds more of all the said Interest, in Reward of their Service -31 January 1679. To Ditto, for Interest at 61. per Cent, for Monies lent, due at Michaelmas

i«79....

An Allowance to them of Two-Thirds more of all the said Interest, in Reward of their Service -

7 February 1679. To Cha. Duncomb, Esquire, at 61. per Cent, for 42,000l. lent, until repaid ——

An Allowance to him of Two-Thirds more of all the said Interest, in Reward of his Service -29 January 168-?. To Richard Kent and Cha. Duncombe, Esquires, their Account of Interest, for Monies lent, at 61, per Cent, and Gratuity at 4/. or 2 /. per Cent, amounts to

17* Decernb. 1680. Allowed to Richard Kent, Esquire, in his Account of the Customs for the Year ending 29 September 1678, several Sums, for Interest, amounting to - -

26° Apr. 1681. To Richard Kent and Cha. Duncomb, Esquires, for Interest, at per Cent, and Gratuity at 4/. or 2/. per Cent, for Monies lent to the 25th of March 1681 -

13 July i68t. To Ditto, for the like, to the 2461 June 1681 ——

28° Oft. 1681. To Ditto, for the like, to 29th September 1681 - -

2d December 1681. To Ditto, for Interest at 61. per Cent, and Gratuity at 4/. per Cent, for

Monies advanced; viz.

Interest at 61, per Cent -

Gratuity at 41, per Cent. ——

7th January 1681. To Ditto, for Interest at 61, per Cent, and Gratuity at 4/. per Cent, or 21.

per Cent, for Monies lent, to the 25th December 1681; viz.

Interest at 61, per Cent. -

Gratuity at Ditto Rates -

10th April 1682. To Ditto, for Interest at 61. per Cent, and Gratuity at 4/. or 2 /. per Cent, for

Money lent, to the 25th March 1682; viz.

Interest at 61, per Cent. -

Gratuity at Ditto Rates - -

28 June 1682. To Ditto, for Interest at 6/. per Cent, and Gratuity at 4/. or 21, per Cent.

for Monies lent, to the 24th June 1682; viz.

Interest at 61, per Cent. ——

Gratuity at Ditto Rates ——

23th October 1682. To Ditto, for Interest at 6/. per Cent, and Gratuity at 4 /. or 2 /. per Cent, for Money lent, to the 29th September 1682; viz.

£ s- d. '

12,083 15

8,122 14 4*

8,119 10 4

2, M5 15 3

C430 10 2

2,082 17 6

1,388 11 8

1,991 7 2

1,327 11 4

1,630 10 3

1,087 — 2

2,133 4 5

1,415 9 7

6,108 1 - -i

3,231 5 7

6,350 9 6

5,659 8 3

6,428 12 6

1,971 2 6

1,314 1 8

3,199 17 1

2,002 5 5

3,608 _ 8

2,313 3 4

3,796 .

2,313 »3 6

Interest

id W. III.

Interest at 6/. perCent. - * - - - - *

Gratuity at or a/, per Cent. -

5th July 1683. To Richard Kent and Cha. Duncoihb Esquires, for Interest at 6/. per_Cent. and Gratuity at a I.per Cent, for Money lent, to the 24th of June 1683 > viz.

Interest at 61, per Cent. ——

Gratuity at 2 /. per Cent. ——

25th October 1683. To Ditto, for Interest at 6/. per Cent, and Gratuity at 21, per Cent, for Monies lent, to the 29th of September 1683; viz.

Interest at 6/. perCent. - -

Gratuity at 2 per Cent. - , ——

5th January 1683. To Ditto, for Interest at 61. per Cent and Gratuity at 2/. per Cent, for Monies lent to the 25th December 1683 ——

3d April 1684. To Ditto, for Interest, and Gratuity of Monies lent, to 25 March 1684; viz.

Interest at 6/. per Cent. - ....

Gratuity at a/, per Cent. - -

2d July 1684. To Ditto, for Interest, and Gratuity of Monies lent to the 24th June 1684 '> viz. Interest at 6/. perCent. - -

Gratuity at 2/. per Cent. ——

3d March 1684. To Ditto, for Interest at 6/. per Cent for Part of Monies lent nod 5 per Cent for the Remainder, to the 25th December 1684 ——

8* April 1685. To Ditto, for Interest at the same Rates, for Monies lent to 25 March 1685 9° July 1685. To Ditto, for Interest at the same Rates, for Monies lent to £4 June 1685 25 January 1685. To Ditto, for Interest at the same Rates, for Monies lent, to 25 December

1685....

3d May 1686. To Ditto, for Interest at the same Rates, for Monies lent, to 25th March 1686 13 July 1686. To Richard Kent and Charles Duncomb Esquire, for Interest of Monies lent at 5/. perCent. per Annum, to the 24th June 1686 ——

12 October 1686. To Ditto, for Interest of Monies lent at 5/. per Cent to the 29th September 1686 ——

31 December 1686. To Ditto, for Interest of Monies lent at 5 /. per Cent, to the 25th December 1686 ——

27 April 87. To Ditto, for Interest of Money lent at 5/. per Cent, to the 25th March 1687 29 July 1687. To Ditto, for Interest of Monies lent at 5/. per Cent, to Midsummer 1687 -10 November 1687. To Ditto, for Interest at the same Rates, to Michaelmas 1687 29* Feb. 1687. To Ditto, for Interest of Money lent at 61. per Cent, to Christmas 1684 10® May 1688. To Cha. Duncomb Esquire, for Interest of Monies lent at 61. per Cent to 25 March 1688 ——

Ditto. To Richard Kent Esquire, the like, to the like Time -

19 July 1688. To Charles Duncomb Esquire, the like, to Midsummer 1688 -

Ditto. To Richard Kent Esquire, the like, to the like Time ——

18® January 1688. To Cha. Duncomb Esquire, for Interest at the like Rate, to the 2d October last - -

Ditto. To Richard Kent Esquire, the like, to the 28th of September 1688 -

Wm. Lowndes. io°Febr. 169-}. £.

1 *5

£ s. d.

4,217 1 —

2,525 3

2,9*9 3 to

906 7 8

2,723 14 3

907 17 8

2,974 11 5

2,35i 2 7

7 *3 14

2,318 11 6

772 17 2

2,599 12 9

3,207 2 2

3,164 6 6

2,363 3 3

1,945 *7 11

i,509 H 10

1,528 1 3

1,370 10 9

i,332 16 11

1,301 3 9

1,105 6 6

1,187 _ —

718 — 5

523 11 1

718 — 5

484 14 6

784 8 8

473 8 3

>43,125 2 3 i

N® VIII. An ACCOUNT of what Money hath been ifiuedto Mr. Burton and Mr. Knight, for Premiums and Rewards for advancing Money, and other Services, since the ift Day of May 1695.

23d September 1695. To John Knight and Bartholomew Burton, in Reward and Satisfaction of their Trouble, Charge, and Expence, as well in procuring the making of Loans on Credit of several Acts of Parliament, amounting to 627,800l. as in receiving and paying back the same to the respective Lenders thereof; being after the Rate of 6 s. 8 per Cent. - -

Eod. die. To Barth. Burton, for so much by him paid to divers Persons for Rewards uponl

making Loans of considerable Sums at the Exchequer, and for other Payments and Expences, > pursuant to the Directions of the Lords of the Treasury - - - - -J

3d April 1696. To John Knight and Bartholomew Burton, in Reward and Satisfaction for their Trouble, Charge, and Expence, in procuring several Sums to be lent and advanced, at the Receipt of the Exchequer, between the 8th May 1695, and the 10th of February following;

viz.

On Credit of the hereditary and temporary Excise -On the Credit of the Post-Office Revenue On Credit of the Duty on Marriages -On Credit of the Exchequer in general -

- 66,000

- 18,000

- 40,000

- 765,160

s.

2 6

£.889,160 2 6

£. s. d.

2,093 13 4 H35 19 6

Being, after the Rate of 1 o s.per Cent, both for procuring and receiving the said Loans, and! paying the same back to the Lenders - -- - J

23d July 1697. To John Knight and Bartho. Burton, for an Allowance for difeountingl 102,900l. in Tallies for new Money for his Majesty's Service; being after the Rate of 15/.}-per Cent. ----- ----- --- - -J

To Bartholomew Burton, without Account, and to be issued, paid, and applied, in Reward for Loans, and such other Services as the Lords of the Treasury, or High Treasurer, for the Time being, shall think fit to appoint the several Sums following; viz.

Vol. XII.

4,445 16 —

15,435 ——

3d

Grants from the Crown*

I-I

16n — 170 Feiruarii

id A pal 1696 $ December 27 April 1697

7 May

8 Ditto pi Ditto 18 June 23 July -

6 August

Candles. Ordered* That Candles be brought in.

And they were brought in accordingly;

Grant of Mr. A Debate arising in the House upon a Grant made to ou"tague‘ Mr. Railton, of some Recognizances, and other Securities,

forfeited, in Ireland, which the Honourable Charles tagye Esquire, Chancellor of the Exchequer, and a Member of this. House, owned to be for his Benefit;

The Question was put, That the said Mr. do,.withdraw.

The. House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TO^heY^o'| ,7.

Tellers for the Noes,} 2°9-

So it passed in the Negative.

Rejoined, That it is the Opinion of this House, That the honourable Charles Mountague Esquire, Chancellor of fjie Exchequer, for his good Services to this Government, does deserve his Majesty's Favour.

And. then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning^Ten a Qlock.

Jack* 17" die Februarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pa AYERS.

Slaughter, A BILL tq enable Paris Slaughter and William Druce hT SilkP°rt" Merchants to import several Bales of fine Italian

m6 1 Tlirown-Silk from Amsterdam, into this Kingdom, was read the First time.

Refeked, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Children of Major-General Earle, according to Order, presented Soldiers Nat. to the House a Bill to naturalize the Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and others the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War, and the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of the Government: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Inland Bills A Bill for the better Payment of inland Bills of Ex-of Exchange. chancre was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Mr.

Fuller, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Fleming, Mr. How* Mr. house, Mr. Moor, Mr. Thomp

ris, Sir Matth.Andrews, Mr. Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Perry, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Sir Edward

Seaward, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Sir John Ray, Sir Wm. Cordon, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Yates,

Sir Ctoudsly Shovel/, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr.

Mr. Hedger, Mr. Whitaker Lord Marquis Mr. Iktrrijon\Mr. Mawdit, Mr. York, Mr.

Sir Gods.Copley, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Ijrwther, Mr, Foley: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet tins Afternoon at, Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A. , 1697.

£. s. d.

5,000 ----- --"

*,742 17 9

750 ——

S3o ——

c

1,200 —

4*5 — 1,177 10

698 —

2pO —

*1,7*3

J

s.

7

d.

9

Total - - £.34,823 16 7

Wm. Lowndes.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

A Bill to explain and rectify an Act for Relief of Cre- Relief of ditors, by making Compefition with their Debtors, in Creditors, case Two-Thirds in Number and Value do agree, was read the First time.

llejblved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Farrington's for vesting in Tniftees, to be sold, certain Lands of Geo. Elbte. Farrington Esquire, lying in the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, settled upon the Marriage of William -

tori, his Nephew -; and, with the Money arising the reby, for Purchasing of other Lands in Lancashire, where the ancient Estate of the Family lies, to be settled to the fame.

Ufe8; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do. pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Lord Burleigh have Leave to go 1 tave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

A BiH for the better Ease of Sheriffs in passing the ir, sheriffs Accounts, and Execution of their Office, was. read a Accounts. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley,

Mr. Winington, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm.

Williams, Mr. Farrer, Sir John Kay, Mr. North more,

Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Boyle» Sir Mann.

Sir Jof. Jekyll, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Taylor, Colonel Godfrey, Mr Colt, Sir I Em. Bowes, Mr.

Ashby, Mr. Vaughan, Colonel Gratrville, Mr.

Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Bolles, Mr.

Vivian, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Blofeld, Mr. Sir

The. Roberts, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. White*

Mr. Lambton, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Norris, Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Ttlney, Mr. Arnold, Mr. , Mr.

Moncton; and all of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Army of Mr. Francis Molyntux is referred, have Leave to fit Arrears. To-mocrow Morning.

Ordered, That Colonel Gibson have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abfeaee*

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, That they had considered the Reports from the select Committee, touching the Debt of the Navy, Ordnance, and the Transport-Service for Reducing of Ireland * for Transport-Service exclusive of the Irish Debt; and for quartering and cloething the

Army raised 101677, and disbanded in 1679; and had come to several Reflations touching the fame; which they bad directed.hiuajto report to the House» and which, he read 20 in

Excise Bills fi Exchange.

Persons paying Bills to Excise Office.

Army

Arrears.

to w. fir.

i 7*-^-j.8° Fffawrii.

iohis Plswe; and afterwards delved in at foe Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and ate as tplfe'v; viz-

Resolved, That yt is the Qpinipn of this C^napittee, That there is doe. MF°n the ltvefal Heads of the jifti-mate of the general Debt of tlte Navy, qwerand above what Cash, Tallies, Malt-Tickets, and Exchequer Bills, are in the Hands of the Treater of the Navy, the bum of *392.742/ 1 gs . Sd.

Refolded, That it is thp Opinion-of this Committee, That there is due from the Office ut prduanpe, for Stores delivered, and Services p^rtorpiecj, to the last Day of September 169.7; and what hath occurred since, exclusive of the Debt before November 1688; towards which there remains in the Treasurer's Hands, by several Tallies, the Sum of-178,104/. ,144. iQ£d.;4h/e Sum of 204,157/. 6* .4 d. ' -

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of foU iCororajtte,e, That there is due, and to be provided, to delray 'the Debt due for Transports >for reducing ol Ireland, , for Principal and Interest, over and above what bath ,heen already-raised towards the/aid Debt, the Sum of 340,708/. 8

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due, for Transport-Seryice, exclusive of the Irish Traidport-Dent, the Sum of 125,785/. 2r. laid.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due lor quartering and cloathing the Army raised by Act of Parliament in 1677, and di (banded by another Act in 1679, for principal Money, the Sum of 49,929/. fuv 10 d.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally , put thereupon, agreed unto by the Ho;. le.

Ordered, That the said iResolutions be referred to the Committee of the- whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to he granted to his Majesty.

The iHouse being informed, That Mr. Sheldrake, Mr. Noell, and Mr., Story, attended, according to Order;

Mr. Sheldrake was called in; And, at the Bar, presented to the House an Accoupt, in general, of what bath been paid at the Excise-Office, upon the . several . Revenues under the Management of the Commissioners of Exeiie, in Discharge of Bills of Exchange, Notes under iHand, and Bonds by way of Return, from the several Collectors of the said Revenues, from the 7th Day of .1697, to the 22d Day of October following.

And then he withdrew.

The said Account was read; and is as followeth; viz.

£. s. d.

In Exchequer- Bills - - - 229,258 15 \8£

By Tale - - - 15,439 11 6*

In hammered Mopey, at,5$. 2</*

per Ounce

2,103 4 7

£. 246,801 11 104

Ordered, ThatMr.Sheldrake do, upon Morn-

ing next, lay before this House an Account of foe Names of the Persons who font, to foe Commissioners of Excise, Bills of Exchange payable in milted Money, and Gold; and of those who paid foe same in Exchequer- Bills; and an Account of the Sums so returned vaud paid.

Ordered, That Mr. Noell and Mr. Story do attend fois House again Totmorrow Morning.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom ifoe Petition of Mr. Francis Molyneux was referred. That itbey-had directed him to make a special Report of the Matter upon the Petitions of foe laid. Mr. , and

of the Subaltern Officers of the Duke of Sehomberg'a, Regiment; and foe Resolution of, the Committee thereupon: Which be read in his Place; and ^afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: t Where the 1 feme were, read; and are as follow; viz,

/Vot. XII.

07

That it appeared to the Committee, That Mf. Moly-iyeu.1 has already accounted with the Duke of Sehomberg a.od Leinster;and the same is (luted and allowed under

foe Dukes Hand; whereby there is a Balance of 1,252/.

11 s. 0fed.due to Mr. Molyneux, whereof 265 /. 13s. 5 bps been 6nee paid him; so that there remains now due to the said fylr Molyneux,986/. 17*. 7

That it appeared likewise to the Committee, That Mr.

Molyneux hath given to the Duke of a Security

to be answerable for the Account of the Regiment, as Agpnt; and is ready, notwithstanding the aforesaid stated Account, to have his Account re-audited, and to give an additional Security to answer the fame, if the Duke shall require him so to do.

That, upon the whole Matter, foe Committee came to the Resolutionfollowing; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there is an Arrear of Pay due to the Petitioners, wluch is incumbent upon the Colonel to fee satisfied.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, that there is an Arrear of Pay due to the Petitioners, which is incumbent upon the Colonel to fee satisfied.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve it- "

self into a Committee of the whole House, to consider New'Fore"' further of the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the Next-Forest, in the County of Southampton.

And the House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Smith took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr Smith reported from the Cud Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same: And also acquainted the House, That the Committee had heard several, Persons, who were directed to attend foe said Committee; and had read foe several Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; and, in regard they prayed to be heard by their Counsel against the raffing of the Bill, the Committee submitted it to the House, how and when the Petitioners should be beard, by, their Coun-fel, qgainst the Bill.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday come portnight: And that the Petitioners be then heard, by their Counsel, at foe Bar, of this House, against foe laid Bill.

And then foe House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 18* die Fe;

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

APETITIO N of Sir John Bland, Richard Lloyd Ayr* oa<t - Esquire, Gilbert Cooper, Nicholas Caider

Elizabeth Grany, Roger Coates, Dorothy Banes, and Navl8atioB< Charles Robin/on, was presented to foe House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill in the House for making foe Rivers Ayre and Caider, in foe County of , navigable, at foe Charge of such Persons as shall undertake the feme: And the Petitioners having several Mills, and foeir Dams and Weirs, qpon the River Ayre, foe feme will feffer very great Damage, if foe said designed , Navigation be effected: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to oblige the said Undertakers to purchase or farm the Petitioners laid Mills.

Ordered, That the Consideration of foe said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

.A Petition of foe Royal Luftring Company of Eng- Luftriny }and was prefepted to the House, and read; letting forth Trade,

H h That

I T 8

18° Februarii.

A. 1697.

That the Petitioners, with much Labour and Charge, settled the Manufacture of Alamodes and Luftrings in this Kingdom: That, Two Years since, they had Two hundred Looms at Work in London and , by means

whereof many Hundreds of Poor were employed; but lately the French Smugglers have fraudulently imported great Quantities of French Alamodes and Luftrings, as appears by a Copy of a French Pass annexed to the Petition: And praying, That several Books and Papers lately discovered, may be laid before the House, ^nd examined; in which, among other notorious Practices against the Trade of this Kingdom, the Contrivances to ruin the Luftring Company do appear: And that such evil Practices against the Trade of this Kingdom may be effectu-' all provided against, by a Law for that Purpose, for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade of England and Ireland; and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And they are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit in a Morning, provided they do not fit after Ten a Clock.

Duties on A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Fell-mongers,

Leather. Curriers, Tawers, and other Persons dealing in Leather, within the ancient Corporation of Stafford, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very much disabled in their Substance by the Duty upon Leather, the whole Tax lying on the Dealers therein, and not on the Buyers from the Petitioners, who, through the Scarcity of Trade, are forced to fell, though their Labour is near loft: And praying Relief against the Severity of the said Tax.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Inland Bills A Petition of the Merchants, and other Traders, of Exchange, within the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Trade in those Parts does very much depend on the Help of Inland Bills of Exchange; but by reason of many Defects in the Law therein, and particularly because many Bills have no Day exprefi'ed in them, beyond which the Drawer or Indorser shall be charged, if not paid, many Persons have been great Losers: And praying, That feme Remedy may be provided against the said Inconveniences.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange is committed.

Barlow's Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Estate. the better Management of the Estate of Sir George

loxo Knight, during his Minority; and for Payment of Debts and Legacies the same is charged with; and to enable the said Sir George, and Dame his Wife, to

fell an Estate in the County of Lmcolne, and, in lieu thereof, to settle an Estate in the County of Pembroke.

Reversal of The Clerk of the Crown delivered in a Copy of the Outlawries Bill to hinder the Reversal of several Outlawries and Attn Ireland, tainders in Ireland.

Oediton A Bill for the erefiting an Hospital or Hospitals, Work-Work-houses. i,ouse or Work-houses, and House or Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton, in Devon, for the better Relief of the Poor there, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Cordon. Sir Edward Seaward, Major Barrington, Mr,

England, Mr. Mountsteoens, Sir Jof. TUy, Mr. Hobby,

Lord Pawlett, Mr. Vivian, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

ton, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Perry, Mr. Brener, Mr. Gardner, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Stawell, Mr. Taylor, Mr. ben, Mr. Jacob, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Sliackerly, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir John Trevillian, Mr. York, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Walte Mr. Smith, Mr. Beare, Lord Digby, Mr. Stokes, Mr. Daniell, Mr. Stone-house, Mr. Norris, Sir Tho. -Hussey, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Baldzt'in; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Yesterday present to his Majesty their Address, That he would issue his Royal Proclamation to suppress Profone-ness and Immorality; and all Books which endeavour to undermine the Fundamentals of the Christian Religion; and punish the Authors: And that his Majesty was thereupon pleased to express himself to this Effect; viz.

Gentlemen,

I cannot but be very well pleased with an Address of this Nature; and I will give immediate Directions in the several Particulars you desire: But I could wish feme more effectual Provision were made for the supprcfiing those pernicious Books and Pamphlets, which your Address takes notice of.

Sir Joseph Tdy attending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition of William Wharton, and Eunice his Wife, was read; setting forth, That Sir John Roberts Baronet, deceased, deligning to make a competent Provision for the said Eunice his Niece, he, having no Children of his own, gave her a Bond of 3,000l. Penalty, for Payment of 1,500l. at his Death; and also, by Will, gave her a Legacy of 300 /.; That Eunice brought her Action against Dame Deborah Roberts, the Widow and Admi-niftratrix, with the Will annexed of Sir John; and recovered Judgment upon the said Bond: Since which, Dame Deborah has married Sir Joseph Tily; who brought a Writ of Error, but the said Judgment was confirmed thereupon; yet Sir Joseph refuseth to pay the Petitioners, though the said Sir John Roberts' Personal Estate was more than sufficient to pay his Debts and Legacies, and though his Real Estate is charged therewith: That, about Six Months ago, the Petitioners exhibited their Bill in Chancery against Sir Joseph, without Process; to which Sir Joseph put in his Answer, which, the Petitioners are advised, is a Waver of his Privilege: But he being only an Administrator in the Right of his Wife, and in the Nature of a Trustee, they pray, That they may have Liberty to proceed at Law against the said Sir Joseph Tdy, for Recovery of their said Debt and Legacy, notwithstanding his Privilege.

To which the said Sir Joseph Tily being heard in his Place;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of London-Derry in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Charge in the late Siege amounted to 30,000 /. on a moderate Computation, besides private Losses; and the Charge of relieving many Thousand Protestants, who fled thither for Refuge, has brought the said City to great Poverty, and to a very ruinous Condition: And praying, That their same and Sufferings may be taken into Consideration, and laid before his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And

Answer to Address.

Privilege of Member ia a Suit.

Sufferers by London-Derry Siege.

loW.III. 18° — 19®

And it is referred to *.

Seizures upon Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the Outlawries. House a Bill for the speedier, and more ealy Discharging of Seizures, in the Exchequer, upon Outlawries in Civil A6Uons: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be reacj a Second tipi?.

Leave of Ordered', That Sir William Morleyhoxe Leave to go

Absence. into the Country for Recovery of his Health.

Seamens Ordered', That the Committee, to whom the Petitions

Arrears. of the Officers and Seamen of the Ships taken as; Prizes are referred, have Leave to lit in a Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That no.Committee, who shall have Leave to fit in a Morning, do fit after Ten a Clock.

Challoner's A Petition ®f William Chelloner Gentleman, was pre-

Complaint fented to the House, and read; setting. forth. That the last Session of Parliament he discovered several Abuses in the Mint; and shewed by what Method false Money was coined: That Laws might be madej more effectually to prevent the fame; and accordingly several Acts were made for that Purpose: And then some Persons of the Mint threatened to profecLte the Petitioner, and take away his Life, before the next Session of Parliament: And since have committed him to Newgate, on.Allegation, That he had abused the: And preferred an Indictment against him, which they could not prove: And that the Petitioner is utterly ruined, for endeavouring to serve the King and Kingdom, and by his Discoveries against the Mint: And praying, That his Sufferings, and ruined Condition, may be considered and redrelTed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein,. to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Christ.

Mr. Smith, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. Mr.

Duke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Sir Henry Hobart,

Mr. Clerke, Sir Fra. Mr. Manly, Sir John Philips, Mr. England, Mr. Mountague, Mr. York, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir John Bolles, Sir Gerv.

Elwes, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Moore, Lord Digby, Mr. Cornwallis, Mr. Bofcareen, Dr. . Sir

Mr Whitaker, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr. Tayler, Sir Tho.

Roberts, Mr. Cheney, Sir Jof. Mr. Sh acker ley, Mr.

Harrison, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Norris, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Kay, Sir John Lord

Pawlet, Mr. Perry, Mr. Foley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to fend for any Informations given against the said William Challoner, touching his counterfeiting of the Coin.

Punishing The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

?irn jlb/°r f°lved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Exchequer*18 consider of the Bill for punishing Charles Duncomb Bills. Esquire, for contriving and advising the making false

Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer Bills.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the , said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Vol. XII.

Februarii. 119

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 19* die Februarii;

10 Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Tanners, inhabiting in the Duties on Borough of Bury St. Edmonds, in the County of Suf- heatLer. folk, and in other Country'l owns, trading to that Market, was presented to the House, and read; setting forrh,

That, since the heavy Duty upon Leather, they have been greatly obstructed in their Trade; and must lay down the lame, unless relieved from the many Difficulties they lie under, by reason of the Act that imposeth the said Duty: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company, of Fellinongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Cfiester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the

House.

A Petition of Ann Bagnold, Wife of Dudley Resumption

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Grants. That, by a general Prosecution in Ireland, her said Husband was outlawed, for adhering to the late King and upoq several Grants of his Estate by his Majesty, it appears, by several Reports, that her Husband is but Tenant for Life; and that his Children are intitled to inherit after his Death: That his Majesty, in Compassion to the Petitioner, and her Children, in September 1691, granted her a yearly Allowance of 400l. out of the Profits of her said Husband's Estate; but by a Bill now depending in the House, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick, if feme special Provision be not therein made for the Petitioner, and her Children, they will be utterly deprived of his Majesty s designed Relief: And praying, That their distressed Condition may be taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Robert Fielding was presented to the Ditto.-House, and read; setting forth, That he was outlawed for High Treason in Ireland, on Account of the late Rebellion there; but the Lords justices of being

satisfied of the Petitioner's Inclination to live dutifully to his Majesty's Government, did order a Provife for him, in a late Act, passed in Ireland, for confirming Attainders: That by a Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; the Benefit of the said Provife will be taken away, to the Ruin of the Petitioner, and his Family: And praying.

That the Benefit of the said Provife may be saved to him.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Yard have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Heworth, Ayre and in the County of York, was presented to the House, and Calder Navj" read; setting forth, That the said Town is conveniently *ation' situated on the River Ouse, w hereby the Petitioners have a beneficial Conveyance of Com, Butter, &;c. to Hull, and other Places; and if a Bill in the House, for making

tbs

iio 190 Febru&rii. 1607,

the Rivers Ayre and balder navigable, should pass, the Rivers of Ouze an 1 Panrent will be drained thereby; and the Trade in York rained: And praying. That the said Bill may not pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sheriff"* A Petition of the Officers in the Exchequer, con-

Accounu. cerned in passing Sheriffs Accounts, was presented to the

House, and read; letting forth, That there is a 'BUI dept riding in the House, for the more easy passing Of Sheriffs Accounts, wherein divers Clauses are contained, prejudicial to the Petitioners Rights: And praying, That they may be heard by themselves, or Courrfel, before the isaid Bill do pass.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the'laid Bill is committed ;j It passed in the Negative.

ReJUved, That the Petition be rejected.

Atikliolm . A Petition bfSir Stephen Anderson, Baronet; '

Drainage. 'Ekees, Francis Anderson, Richard ' Esquires;

William Legg and Thomas Place Gentlemen; Lords of several Manors, and Freeholders, within the Level Of Ank-holme ,in the County of Lincolne, on the behalf of themfel ves, and of several other Freeholders there; was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That about 1 i Car. Ift, Sir John Muhfpn undertook to drain1 the said Level, and keep 'it so, and keep the River of Ankhotm navigable; for doing which, the ‘Commissioners of Sewers decreed him, and his Heirs, Five thousand 'Eight hundred Twenty-Teven Acres, being about One-third Part of the Level; which Decree was corifirmed by Act of Parliament, made in the 13th Car.V; but there is no Provision in the said 'Act, to enforce Sir John, and his Heirs, to keep the said Level drained, nor, upon their Default, to enable others, concerned in the other Two-Thirds, to drain the 'feme, and keep the said River navigable; which are ndw in a Worse Condition than when Sir John Monjim^fird undertook the said Matters; the !feid Level :riow, and for many Years last past^' the; most'Part of the Year, lying under Water; lb that the Petitioners have Utterly loft the Benefit of their respective' Estates in the said I^e-vel: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for1 the more effectdal Draining the said; Level, and the better ptefelrva-tion of the Navigation of the'River

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petit ton be referred to a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Aud it is referred to Mr.' Mr. Thornhagh,

Lord Castleton, Mr. Bofcazven, Mr. Colt, Mr. Hedger, Mr .['Manley, Mr. Bitfield, Mr. Ryder, Mr.

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fleming, Sir John Bolles, Sir

Abney, Mr. Cooper, Sir Walt. Yonge, Sir Jacob Ashley,

' Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir fVm.St.1 Quinttn, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hoi fey, Mr. Arnold,'Sir Wm. Honyicood, Sir Geo. gerjord, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Campion, Mr. Trtdenham, Mr. Gery, Mr. Haw, Sir John Mr: Osborne, Mr.

Moore, Sir Rob. Buirdet Mr. Jenkyns; and all die Members that serve for the Counties of York and Lincolne: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Slaughter*, A Bill to enable Par an &c.HIIporting Merchants, to import several Bates of fine ItalianThrown-1 " Silk, from Amsterdam, into this Kingdom, was, according to Order, read a Second tiuie.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Burdett, Sir Henry Colt, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. ‘Sand-

ford, Mr . Manley, Mr Mr. Yates, Mr. Fatty, Mr. England, Sir John Phillips ', Mr.- Mr. Laihb-

ton, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Arnold, Lord Cavendish, 'HieJohn Buekiiall Mr. Taylor, Sir John Kay, ' Mr. Bohun,' Mr. Oolt, Mr. Morris,‘Mr. Morgan,'Mr. Fki/iing, Sid Geo.

32

Hungerford, Mr. Holt, Mr. Bic Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm.York, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. -stevens. Sir Walter Younge, Mr. Harley: And they are to

meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Petition of the Merchants and Planters of his Ma- Africa* jesty's Province of Maryland, in America, was presented Trade, to the House, and read; letting forth, That, they are in-fcrrhed, the Trade to Africa is defigued to be established in a Joint-Stock, exdiiflve to rill others, as the'bed Method to preserve and increase that Trade, and encourage > the Plantations: That the Petitioners Interests are very tmifch fcoiibbfned in the well Management of a Trade to Africa; and therefore offerthe Realbns annexed to the Petition, against the evil Confluences that will attend such an Establishment; Arid ptaving, That the 1 Vadfe to Africa may Tie open and free for all the Subjects rif England.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill foriettling the Trade to Africa be -read a Second ‘time.

JA Petition of the Merchants and Planters trading to Ditto, and interested in, the Plantations of Virginia and land, was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth, That the said Plantations are of very large Extent, and capable of great Improvements; but, for many Years palt, have lain under great Discouragement and'Poverty,

‘for want of Negroes to carry on their Work; which is partly dccalioneu by the unlawful Measures praftifrd by the Royal African Company there, by causing all Ships,

'that brought any Negroes, to be seized for their own Use:

And praying, That they may be heard to give their Rea-fons, to tfemdnstrate, how great an Advantage it will1 be to this Kingdom, and the Plantations, by making the Trade to Af rica free and open.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa be read-a Second time.

A'Petition of Robert Ledgtngham, Merchant, waspre- LHcing-'fented to the House, and read; letting fi rth, That the ham's Sbij* 'Petitioner did fbrmerly present a Petition to the House, tumPs-for Leave to bring in a Bill to promote the Use of several Engines or Pomps ' for Ships, which tend; to- a general Good; but for want bf a Certificate from the Society of Triiidf house, his laid Petition was withdraw n;

That he hath since - attended1 the said Society for their Opinion of 'the said Engines, but they refilled to inter ttieddle therewith, without the Order of this Hoitfe:

And preying the Order of this Hoafe, That the said So fciety may make an 'Ififpeftion of the said Engines; and report to each Head of the Petitioner's Representation, annexed to his now Petition, their Opinions concerning the same, within a prefixed time.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And' that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the1 feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. 'Manley, Lord Cavendish, Sir ]Henry Colt, Mr. Bohttn, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Muxodit, Sir Jof. Heme, 'Mr. Lambton, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Gardener,

Mr. Perry, Mr. England, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Tredettkatn, S\r Thomas Roberts, Sir Lmother, Mr.

Harrison, Mr. Shackerley, Mr. Aytmer, Mr. Stakes, Colonel Lee, Mr. Herbert, Sir Fra.'lVMkam,

'Mr. Stonehou/e,'Mr. Haynes, Mr. 'Bofcawen, Sir Tho.

Hussey, Sir Cloudsly Shovell, Mr. Holt, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Bickerstaffe, . Mx. Hedger, Mr . 'Balduynand rill lor the Sea-Potts, and Cinque-Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon ;at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber;

And1 have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Tfrdered, That the Billlbrencou raging and improving Ru*»J* the Trade to Russia be read a Second tKneiqjon < Wed- lrude*

IO W. III. 19 — 21

ncfdnyMorning next: And that alt Persons be then heard at the Par, for and againl't the Bill.

Committeis. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Importing An ingrossed Bill for rendering the Laws more effectual Bone-lace, for the preventing tire Importation of foreign Bone-hiec, Needle-Work, Point, and Cut-work was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a'Rider, That no Person shall enter into aoy House, Shop, or other Place, or break open any thing that does not belong to a Dealer in Lace:

And tire same was thrice read; and agreed unto by the House to 'be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Press 1. L. 29. to insert " from and after the 25th Day " xjf March 1698

And tire same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bdi amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work.

Ordered, That Sir WDrake do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Punishing A Bill for punrlhing John Knight Esquire, for false

Kmght for Indorsing of several Pills, made forth at the Receipt of inB^Vxche- Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was, ac-quer Bills, cording to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of tire whole House.

Refolred, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Punishing A Bill.for punching Bartholomew Burton Gentleman, Burton for for false indorsing several Bills, made forth at the Rein* f^x the* ^'l'1 Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, q!fer Bills* wa9' according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refolred, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Supply Bill; The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-yacating solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

j^ in consider of the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interefis, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of Febniary 1688; and for appropriating the fa toe to the Use of the Publick.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter, to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refolred, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine a Clock.

Lima, 21® die Febrnatii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Army \ PETITION of Robert Atden,

Arrears. _T\. James Gray, Ro Emanuel Moore, and

John Blackball, of the 2d Marine Regiment, was presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That Atden, a Cor-Voi. XII.

Februarii. .121

poral in Captain Thornell's Company, having Two Pounds Fourteen Shillings detained by his said Captdin, upon Account of Cloathing, as he pretended; and Morris, and the other Petitioners, having divers Abuses, and unreasonable Demands put on them, by the said Captain; They pray the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Langston's Regiment is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opifiion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Wardens, and the rest of the So- Duties on ciety of Glovers, within the Town of Brecon in the County L«ather. of Brecon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Trade, on which many Thousands depend for a Livelihood, is very much decayed since a Duty has been laid upon Leather: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off, many Families being reduced to Want by it.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be inferred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the . Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell-mongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Cordwainers Ditto. alias Shoemakers, Glovers, and Leather-dressers, of the Town of IVimbui'n-minsterin the County o was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Duty laid upon Leather is not only a great Grievance to the Petitioners, but also to all the Parts adjacent, being very poor by reason of the said Tax: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell-mongers, Lea-ther-dreifers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Dame Elizabeth ChaJ/man was presented. Chapman'* to the House, and read; setting^forth, That (he had one Importing Bale of Italian Silk sent her in June last, from Naples to Sl,k* Hamborough, in order to come for London; but, coining through Germany, it was detained there by the Frosts, and cannot notv be Imported Without Forfeiture: And praying, That flic may be comprehended in the Bill to enable Paris Slaughter and tVm.Druce, Merchants, to import several Bales of fine Italian Thrown Silk, from Amsterdam, Into this Kingdom; so as that she may have Liberty to import her said Bale of Silk.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is Committed.

A Petition of she Merchants and Planters concerned in African the Island of Jamaica ftas presented- to the House, and Trade, read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in the House for settling the Trade to Africa, which may prove of dangerous Consequence to tire laid Island, In reipefit of the Produce and Trade thereof: Arid praying, That thqy may be heard thereto, before the passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Samuel Winslow, and others, belonging Window's, to his Majesty's Ship Anglefeu, was presented to the House, &c- Petition,

relating to a Prize taken by the said Ship:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being, pbt, That tire laid Petition be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said' Petition be rejected.

f i A Petition

2 iB Felruarii.

122

A. 1697.

Ayreand A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Cahter Navi- and Heslington, in the County of York, was presented gafeon. to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have an eaiy and beneficial Conveyance, by the River of Commodities to Hull, and other Places, which cannot be otherwise supplied, but at an extraordinary Charge: And if the Bill in the House for making the Rivers and Colder, in the County of York, navigable, should pals, the River Ouze will be so drained, that it will be useless; to the Impoverishment of the Petitioners: And praying, That the said Ri'vers may not be made navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of

drake, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town is conveniently seated on the River Darwent, which runs into the River Ouze, whereby they fend, and receive back again, several Goods and Commodities, at an ealy Rate; but if the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the County of York, be made navigable, as is intended by a Bill in the House, the Rivers of Ouze and Darwent will de drained thereby: And praying, That the said Bill may not pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Debtors A Petition of the poor Prisoners in the Goal of the

Petition. Castle of Lancaster was presented to the House, and

read; letting forth, That for want of Running-calli, by reason of the Alteration of the Coin; and for that the Country is much weakened in their Credit thereby; and Paper-credit denied; and other Misfortunes; the Petitioners are dofely confined in Goal, and in great Want: And praying. That some time may be allowed them, with their Enlargement, for railing Money by their own, and their Friends, Endeavours, to pay their just Debts.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider by what Means the Poor may be better provided for, and employed; and to receive Proposals in relation thereunto;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Army A Petition of several Serjeants, discharged out of Co-

Arrears. lonel Fargijon's Regiment of Foot, formerly commanded

by Colonel Monroe, now in the Spanish Low-Countries, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have served his Majesty Eight Years, and are discharged without being accounted with, or their Arrears paid: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to tire Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Tower Hamlets is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Wool brog- A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Borough of Degen, See. vizes in the County of Wilts was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That many Thousands of poor People, for many Years past, got an honest Livelihood by making Yam in those Parts, who are now fallen under great Hardships for want of Employment, which in a great measure is occasioned by the great Growth of Wool-broggers, or Ingrossers of Wool: And praying, That the Manufacturers of Wool may have the preference in buying of Wool, for Three Months after Shearing, in the Counties which are nearest to the chief Places of Manufacture; and that a general Liberty of buying Wool may be restrained, under such Regulations as the House shall think fit.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee 14

appointed to consider of the Trade of England and land; and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Silver and settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Gold Thread. Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wire-drawers: And that Sir Henry Hobart end Sir Robert Davers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Pocklington reported from the Committee, to whom the several Petitions, relating to Escapes out of the Pvi-fbn of the Fleet, were referred, That they had examined the Matters thereof; and had directed him to move, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes: And that Mr. Pocklington do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Escapes of Debtors.

Mr. Gery reported from the Committee, to whom the Kinnerflej's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to en- Estate able Thomas Kitmersley Esquire, an Infant, to make a

Jointure and Settlement of his Estate, was committed.

That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

A Bill to naturalize the Children of such Officers and Children of Soldiers, and others, the natural-born Subjects of this Soldiers Nat. Realm, who have been born abroad during the War; the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major-General Earle, Sir Tho. Bamardiston, Sir Robert Davers,

Mr. Yates, Sit Henry Colt, Mr. Maudit, Colonel Webb,

Sir William Lowther, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Moun-tague, Sir Matth. Andrews, Lord Cults, Mr. Gardner,

Mr. Colt, Sir John Kay, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Fran.

Masham, Colonel Morgan, 'Mr.-Norris, Mr. England,

Lord Powlet. Sir Win.Drake, Mr. Stokes, Sir Fra.

Windham, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Portman, Sir Edward Ertdy,

Mr. Stanley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Freeman, Sir Tho. Roberts,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Lowt her, Mr. Gery, Sir Fra. Drake,

Mr. Osborne, Mr. Henley, Mr. Bojcawen, Mr. Pendar-vis, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Honyicood, Sir Wm. Ashurst,

Mr. Carr: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Brotherton, according to Order, presented to the Repealing 39 House a Bill to repeal an Act, made in the 39th Year Eliz. against of the Reign of Queen Eliz. intituled, An Act to re- makln6Malt* strain the excessive making of Malt; and to discharge and vacate all Orders, made by Justices of Peace, from restraining of Maltsters from making of Malt, since the late Duty of 6d.per Bushel was laid upon Malt: And the same was received.

A Bill for registring Memorials of future Deeds and Rendering Conveyances was read the First time. Deed*.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight, after Twelve a Clock.

A Bill to settle the Trade to Africa was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions, which were laid upon the Table until the said Bill

was

African

Trade.

Farrington's

Eiiale.

Vtfe/s Nat.

Woollen

Manufactures*

Puni filing

Duncomb for False indorsing Exchequer bills-

10 W. III. at0 — 22° Februarii. 143

wa3 read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House: And that the Petitioners be then heard by the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of Geo. Farrington Esquire, lying‘in the Counties of and Surry,

feltled upon the Marriage of William Farrington, his Nephew; and, with the Money arising the reby, for purchasing of other Lands in Lanc, where the ancient Estate of the Family lieth, to be settled to the same Uses: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Dudley Vesey, an Infant, with an Amendment: To which Amendment they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That the Bill for the further securing the Freedom of Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament Ele<aK>n9' be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Counterfeit. Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole ingCoin. House, to consider of the Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the House be Called over upon this Call of the Day Sevennight: And that such Members of this House House* a3 Dia.ll not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees.

An ingrafted Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture of England;and to restrain the Importation of Woollen Manufacturers from Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

And several Amendments being proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 5. L. 2. To leave out "Two Ships of the Fifth " Rate;"

And L. 3d, To leave out Four," and insert " Six;"

The same were, upon the Question severally put there-ypon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be, An Act to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England', and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir John Eboill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the Punishing of C/uirles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, all but the last Amendment; which was amended, and then agreed unto also.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to vest Two-Thirds of the Real and Personal Estate of Mr. Duncomb, forfeited by the Bill, in his Majesty, without saly Inquisition to be found thereof:

And the same was twice read.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " to be disposed of to such Uses, Intents, and Purposes, " as shall be directed by Act of Parliament

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, Jo save the Rights of all Persons, except Mr. Duncomb' % , and his Heirs, and those in Trust for them; with Blanks for the Time*

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

Vo l. XII.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 22* die Februarii; to* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

f~\RDERED, That Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Francis Ma- sheriffs sham, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Milbank Sir Robert Clay- Accounts, ton, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Mountague, Mr. Morgan, Mr. May's Nat* Bertie, Sir Adam Felton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Osborne, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Charles May Esquire is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitions Army of the Soldiers of Colonel Rosse's Regiment are referred. Arrears, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, Assistants, and Duty on others, of the Company of Tobacco-pipe-makers of the Tobacco-City of London, was presented to the House, and read: p,pe8-letting forth, That, the last Session of Parliament, they did, by Petition, and several printed Cafes, lay before the House the deplorable Condition of their poor Manufacture, occasioned by the Duty laid on Tobacco-pipes, it being above 200l. per Cent, on their Hand-labour: And praying the Consideration of the House, fe as that the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glals-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fre- DutJr wen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition Glafc. of the Glais-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred.

Ordered, That all Petitions against or for the Bill to Ayer and make navigable the Rivers Ayer and Colder, in the County c.alder Na. of York, be presented so that they may be heard before vlgat on' the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, upon Monday Sevennight, when the Committee are to meet:

And that no Petition be admitted, against or for the Bill, after that time.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Kvnnenly'n to enable Thomas Kynnersly Esquire, an Infant, to make a Estate.

Jointure

'V&ys Nat*

Duties on Leather.

Tivertoh

Workhouse.

Estates given

to fuoersti-tious Uses.

Relief of

Creditor

Houghton

124 ,22® Februa 1697.

Jointure and Settlement of, his ^fta^, was read the Third time.

Rfolved, That the BilLdp pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, w ithout any Amendment.

The House prqceeded ,tp take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for actualizing Ltodfcy Kcfey, tp Infant:

And the same was twice rqad; and agreed unto Inf tj^e Hoyfe; and isasfolloweth; viz.

ti Skin, 7 L. for "Roan" read Rouen."

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt dp carry the Rill ,to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to <the said Amendment.

A petition of Tanners, pellmongers, and Glpvers, within the ancient Borough of New- Malign, in the County of York, and Towns adjacent to the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is become intpllerable; and their Stocks daily decline; ajnd ly^ny of them, with their Families, are ready to liarve; the Duty eating up the Profit of their Goods: And praying the Duty may be taken oft.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellpiongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in tb.e Cjtv of Chester, js referred: And that they do examine the Matter theraofj and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to thp House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That it be an Iqstruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting of an Hospital and Work-house ip Tiverton, in the County of Devon, is committed, That the Governors of the said Work-house and Hospital shall conlift of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Alfiliants, and of the Portreve, of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, for the Time being; and Five-and-twenty more Inhabitants thereof, who are rated, and pay most, to the Belief of the Poor of the said ParHh; and, in case any Person is equally rated, the Majority of the Governors present shall determine who shall he the Governor;

Tiie House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the YG~^mi

tellers for the Nogs ^Sir^Fi^a.J

80 it was resolved i.n the Affirmative.

Mr. Pendaixis, according tp Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Discovery of Estates given to foperftitious Uses: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refokcd, That the Bill be read a Secpnd time upon this, Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That die Bill to explain and rectify an Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree, be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Ord, er, presented to the House a Bril for veiling the Manors of and

Lavilcs, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of Jolm Houghton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refqlved, That the Bill bp read a, Second time upon this Day Sevennight

35. 19.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes, Colonel Wharton, Mr. Army Taylor, Mr. Manley, Mr. Mcncdit, Colonel King, Mr. Arrtant Dimmer, Sir Wm.Lowther, he, added to the Committee,

to whom the Petition of Mr. Fran. Molyneux is referred.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom Bampfyld'* the Bill for enabling certain Trustees therein named, to make, renew, and'fill up, Le&fes of the'Estate of Sir CopplestonJVancick Bamjfyld, during his Minority; and,

in case of his Death without Issue Male, during the Minority of his Brother John Bampfyld; was committed;

That they bad examined and considered the fame, and the Petition to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feveratiy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And the Bill, in the Preamble, was amended by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iogrofled.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hungerford do attend, in a Meaiotr his Place, upon Thursday Morning next: And that the ordered to Petition relating to him be then read. attend.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had this Petition from Morning, by the Governor of the , received a a Prisoner.

Letter from Mr. John Knight, with a Petition mclosed; which he desires may be communicated to the House.

And the Petition was read; setting forth, That the Shortnefe of Time allotted him to aofwer Mr. s

Paper against him, did not permit him to digest what he bad to fey; and therefore subjoms to his former Paper,

That he solemnly declares, he never was privy to any Negotiation of Mr. Burton's with Mr. Marriott, in relation to the Indorsing of any Exchequer- Bills: And that he is ready to make Oath, That what Bills Mr. Marriott had of the Petitioner, were only lodged, with him to be funk on the several Branches of the Capitation-Act, and one Shilling Aid; which are appointed to cancel the fame: And praying, That, in Consideration of his Lofl'es by lire, and that he hath not made such Advantages in hfs Employments as has been presumed; and having loft his Places; and but a finall Fortune is remaining to support his Wife and Family; he may fall easily under the Censure of this House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for punching the said Mr. Knight is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of Mr. Marriott's Information, and of Mr. Knight's Answer thereunto, and of the Examinations relating to Mr. Knight, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of Bartholomew Burton was presented to Punishing the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Burton for BMl depending in this House for punishing the Petitioner, for falle indorsing several Exchequer- Bills; he prays, quVuills." That he may be heard by Counsel against the said Bill, when the House shall think fit

Ordered, That Mr. Burton be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, before the House resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Burton be heard, by his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon Monday Morning next:

And that the House do afterwards resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

The House being informed, That Mr. Sheldrake, Mr.

Nodi,

Excise Bills Exchange.

Puni thing Knight for falseindorf-ing Exchequer Bills.

Committees.

African

Trade.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

10 W: III. 220 — 43® Februani. 135

Noeil and Mr. Stony, Officers in the Revenues of Excise, attended;

Mr. Sheldrake was called in; and, at the Bar, he delivered into the House an Account of Bills of Exchange, Bonds, and Notes under Hand, paid upon the Revenue under the Management of the Commissioners of Excise, sent up from the several Collectors, from the 17th Day of May 1697, to the 22d Day of 1697.

And then lie withdrew.

And the Title of the said Account was read.

Then Mr. Sheldrake, Mr. and Mr. Story, were called in together; and examined, touching the Matters of the said Account.

And then they withdrew.

Then Mr. Francis, Mr. Pepp and Mr. Painter, Bill-

men, belonging to the Revenue of Excise, were called in; and examined, touching the Matters of the feud Account.

And then they withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the receiving Exchequer- Bills, in the Revenue of Excise, upon Bills of Exchange drawn payable in milled Money, and Gold, was contrary to Law, and a Lois to the Publick;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te»- fa U* SSST } 88-

Tellers for the Noes>{^r^""g^; } 170-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve Hself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for punishing John Knight Esquire, for false Indorsing of several Bills, made forth at die Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of - Ayre and burton, in the West-Riding of the County of York, was Ca,der prefen tqd to the House, and read setting forth. That BaUon* the Towns of Leeds and Wakefeild are the principal Markets lor Northern, Cloth, and are fejuate upon the Rivers Ayre and Calder; which if made navigable, will be of gyeat Ule and Advantage to all ttye Towns adjacent:

And praying, That a Bill for making the said Rivers navigable may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill feur ipa^ipg the said Rivers navigable is committed,

A Petition of the Town of Keighley, in the West- Ditto. Riding of the County of York, was, presented to the.

House, and read; letting forth, That the Towns of Leed$ and IVakefeild are situate very comrnjodiouily on die Rivers of Ayre and Calder; which are the principal Markets in the North for Cloth; and, if the said Rivers were madp navigable, it would be to the great Advantage not only of the said Towns, but also to all the Towns concerned in the Northern Cloth-Trade: And praying. That the feidRivers may be made navigable, it being fqr a publick Good-Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable is committed.-

A Petition of the ancient Town of Selby, in the County Ditto} of York, was presented to tire House, and read; letting forth. That their Situation is so convenient on the River Ouze, that great Quantities of Corn, and other Provisions, are daily carried by Water to and from several remote Parts, by Help of the said River, whereby the Petitioners, and their Families, arc supported; and in case the Rivers Ayre and Calder lfiould be made navigable, as is intended by a Bill in the House, the River Ouze will be thereby drained, and made useless { and the Petitioners be deprived of that Benefit, which they and their Predccellbrs have enjoyed for many Generations: And praying, That the said Rivers may not be made navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mercurii, 23° die Februarn;

Decimo GulielmiTertii.

Prayers.

AP E TITIO N of the Mayor, Aldermen, Common-Council, and Merchant-Ad venturers, of the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Support of the Plantations in America, is of great Concern to the Trade and Wealth of this Kingdom, which is carried on by the Strength of Negroes imported from Africa into the Plantations: And praying, That there may be an open Trade to Africa, from Cape Blancho to Angola, for Negroes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand J ury, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace holdon at Wakfeild, in and for the West-Riding of the County of York, the 13th Day of January 1697, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and Wakefeild are the principal Markets for the Northern Cloth, and are situate upon the Rivers

Calder', which being made.....would much redound to

the Advantage of all the Towns concerned in the Northern Cloth-Trade, being now forced to carry their Goods many Miles by Land, at great Charge: And praying, That* Bill may pass for making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Rivers, in the County of York, navigable, is committed.

Vo L. XII.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Bveftanj the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the Wnt* electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Evesham, in the County of Worcester, in the room of Sir James Rushout Baronet, deceased.

A Petition of Richard Smith, Quarter-matter, Richard Seamen'* Pitman, Corporal, Thomas Smith, and Morgan Morgans, Arrears. Foremalt-men, late belonging to his Majesty's Ship the Portsmouth Gaily, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is due to them Four Years Wages;

.and the Gaily being taken in 16g6, by the French, and the Captain and Commission-Officers tried at a Court-Martial, they were mu 19: their Wages, for being wanting in their Duty: After whipb, feme of them, in Revenge, fw ore. That the Men deserted their Polls, and so involved the whole Ship's Company in their Crimes; for which the Petitioners Wages hath been flopped, though they never furred from their Polls: And praying their same may be considered, and the Petitioners relieved therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petitions of several Officers and Seamen belonging to Ships taken as Prizes are referred.

It passed in the Negative.

Refoloed, That die Petition be rejected.

Mr. Travers reported from the Committee, to whom the Godolphin-j Bill for confirming end establishing the Administration of Will the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Gadolphin Knight, deceased, was committed, that they had examined and considered the fame; and made feme Amendments; which

K k they

no

23* — 240

they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

1697.

proving that Trade, for the Advantage of all the Cloathing Towns Northward, by a Water-Carriage for their Goods, if tire Rivers Ayre and Culder be made navigable: And praying, That a Bill may pais for effecting so good and general a Work.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the said Rivet's navigable is committed.

Army Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitions

Arrears. Qf the Soldiers of Colonel s Regiment is referred, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

BoSaTrad*. The House being informed, That the Russia Company, and the Petitioners for the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia, attended;

They were called in; and heard, at the Bar, against, and for, the said Bill.

And then they withdrew.

And the Bill was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TdtefatbeY^/^ . } *.4-

Tellers for the No«,[|/ } 89.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Supply Bill; Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, prefen ted to the

Land Ta*. House, a Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refoboed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Coaaiutbtt*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 24* die Februarii;

10* GulielmiTertii.

Prayebs.

Ayre sr.d A PETITION of the Governor, Assistants, and Calder Navi- Jf\, Company of Merchant-Adventurers, of the ancient

g&tioB, cf York, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That their Company has been of very ancient Standing, and of great Trade; which can no-way be carried on but by Preservation of the River whereby

great Quantities of Goods are exported for Holland, and other Places, and from thence import Flax, Hemp, and other Commodities; all which Trade and Conveniency will be loft, if the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York, be made navigable: And praying, That the said Rivers may not be made navigable; and that they may be heard by Counsel.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Henry Nonna Thomas Cook, Nicolas Tar hot ton, and Robert Fox, on the behalf of themselves,

and the rest of the Tobacco-pipe-makers of the Town and Borough of Kingston upon Hull, and the Parts adjacent, was pi efented to the House, and read; setting forth, That before the Duty upon Tobacco-pipes, the Petitioners maintained their Families, and kept a great many pom' People at Work; but finee the Commencement of the said Duty they cannot keep their Families, nor employ One-Third of the Workmen, by reason of their finall Employ in their Trade: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred.

A Petition of the Vintners, Innholders, Victuallers, and Coffeemen of the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Tobacco-pipes is very hurtful to the Petitioners Trades, who pay double Prices for Pipes, and are forced to give them away gratis to their Customers; whereby the said Duty is chiefly paid by the Petitioners, and those of their Trade, to their Impoverishment: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred.

A Petition of several Tanners, Fellmongers, Curriers, Collar-makers, Shoemakers, Glovers, and other Persons concerned in the Working of Leather, in divers Places in the County of Bucks, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are under great Pressures by reason of the excessive Duty upon Leather, to the great Discouragement and Decay of Trade: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-drefiers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Colonel Henry Lutterell was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That SimonLutterell, the Petitioner's elder Brother, being Tenant for Life of a small Estate in Ireland, Remainder in Tail Male; and Simon having taken up Arms against his present Majesty, and being gone into France; the Earl of , for the Petitioner's Sufferings and Services, procured the Petitioner a Grant from his Majesty of the said Estate: And praying, That some Provision for preserving the said Grant to the Petitioner may be made in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, finee the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand J ury, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, holden at Doncaster, in and for the West-Riding of the County of York, ti e 18th Day of January 1697, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and Wakefeild are the principal Markets in the North for Cloth; and are situate conveniently for im-

Sir William Blackett, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne with fresh Water: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Sevennigiit

Ordered*

Duty on To- I bacco* pipes.

Ditto.

Duties on

Leather-

Resumption of Grants.

Newcastle

Waterworks*

Army

Arrears*

Privilege, of a Member in a Suit.

Ditto*

Creditor!

Work-houses.

Privilege

Reports on

Privilege.

Sutton St. Edmond's Law of Sewers.

Leave of Absence*

Ledging-yarn's Ship pumps.

j o W. III. 2 40 — 256 127

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Soldiers of Colonel Rosse's Regiment are referred, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of several Persons of the City of York, being offered, relating to William Palmes Esquire, a Member of this House; and he, in his Place, acquainting the House, That there is a Suit now depending in the Court of Chancery, touching the Matter of the said Petition, to which he does wave his Privilege.

The Question was put, That the Petition be received:

And it passed in the Negative.

Sir Edward Hungerford attending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition of Andrew Young Gentleman, relating to him, was read; letting forth, That Sir John Pretty man's, Estate, called Loddington, was, by Act of Parliament in 1670, directed to be told to pay Debts of Sixteen thousand Pounds to his then Majesty, and to reimburse Sir Edward Hungerford, and Sir 77to. Doleman, such Sums as they had paid, and were obliged to pay, for Sir John; and then to pay JVm. Prettyman such Debts as he had paid for Sir George Prettyman: That Sir Edward Hungerford got Possession of the said Estate, and procured a Purchaser, without Consent of Sir Thomas Doleman, or Mr. Prettyman, and received great Part of the Purchase-money; and yet fuftered Sir Tho. and Mr. Prettyman, to be hied for the Debts of Sir John: That, in 1674, Sir Tho. Doleman brought a Bill in Chancery against Sir Edward Hungerford; and then Sir Edu ard offered to Hand in the place of the Trustees: And the Court decreed an Account: And Five thou land Pounds was reported due to Mr Prettymanfrom Sir Edward Hungerford, who now

resumes his Privilege, to avoid Payment of the Money: And praying Leave to prosecute Sir Edw. Hungerford for the said Monies, he being only as a Trustee by his own Offer, as aforesaid.

And Sir Edicard Hungerford was heard thereupon.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the erecting an Hospital or Hospitals, Work-house or Work-houses, and House or Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Orediton, in Devon, for the better Relief of the Poor therein, is committed, have Leave to lit in a Morning, but not after Ten a Clock.

A Complaint being made to the House, That John Farmer and Jofvph Bar tent on. Followers to John , a

Bailiff, had forced into the House of Anthony Hammond Esquire, a Member of this House, and arrested Davis, his menial Servant, at the Suit of one Samuel Hoyle, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, Thar it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Copley, Mr. Lister, Mr. Clark, Lord Irwin, Sir Chd.

Ilotham, Mr. Champnyes, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. Bertie,

Mr. Morgan, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Ledgingham, Merchant, is referred.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by a Land- Supply Bill; Tax, for One Year, for railing Money for disbanding Land Tax. Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Knights of the Shire do, upon Tuesday Morning next, lay before the House Lists of Commissioners N ames for the several Counties and Places, as usual, for the Execution of the said Act.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before the House of Land Tax, the Rates of the several Counties of England and Wales, to the First Aid of Four Shillings in the Pound.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do Navy Ordi-lay before this House an Account of the Charge of the nury-Ordinary of the Navy for the Year 1698.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee Militia Reappointed to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to regulate the 8ulation. Militia, That they do insert a Clause therein, to repeal the Laws now in Force relating to the Militia.

Ordered, That the several Bills for vacating all Grants Supply Bill*; from the Crown, of Estates, and other Interests, in England and Ireland, in the Reign of King the Second, England and the late King James, and since the 13th Day of February Ireland. 1688, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning,

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways and solved itself into a Commitee of the whole House, to con- ^lean* fider further of the Supply to he granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 25* d Februarii;

10' Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petitions of Sir Bouchier Wray, and the Lady Salusbury; and the Complaint of Arthur Ozren Esquire; be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to confirm a Law of Sewers, solely relating to the Towns of Sutton St. Edmonds, and Sutton St. James, in the County of Lincoln: And that the Lord Castleton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Denton have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Stanly have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Lord Fairfax, Sir Alarm. Sir

Henry Hobart, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. , Sir Godfrey

Vol. XII.

Prat ers.

A PET IT I ON of Charles Lord Baltimore was pre- Resumption fented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, of Grant*, by Mistake or Malice, the Petitioner was outlawed for Treason in Ireland, on account of the last Rebellion there,

tho' he was never in that Kingdom in his Life; and he hath obtained an Order from his Majesty for. reversing the said Outlawry; but, through Age and Infirmity, has been obstructed from appearing in the King's-Bench Court in Ireland; so the Outlawry still Rands unreversed, though the Petitioner enjoys his Estate there: That, by a Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; the Petitioner is in Danger to lose his Estate, without some Provision be made for him therein: And praying, That a Proviso may be inserted in the said Bill, for laving the Petitioner from the Penalties thereof.

Ordered, that the Consideration of the said' Petition be

referred

Resumption of Grants.

DiUo.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

ta8 2 50 Februarii. A, 1697.

referred to the Committed of the whole House, to whom the fold Bill i» committed.

A Petition, of Almerick Lord Baron of was

presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That he, being outlawed in Ireland, obtained the King's Order for the Reversal thereof; which was done, and the Petitioner rpftored to his Estate, and has been in Possession these Six Years: But, by a Bill now before the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland since the 13th Day of February. . .., the Petitioner fears he shall lose the Benefit of the said Reversal: And praying, That there may be a laving Clause, for the Petitioner, inserted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Maurice Warren was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Father died ieifed of an Estate in Ireland of 701, per Ann.; and the Petitioner faithfully ferred in the English Army during the late War; but his eldest Brother JVHUam being attainted, as one adhering to his Majesty's Enemies, and gone into France, the said little Estate will become vested in his Majesty by a Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688, unless some Provision be therein made to the contrary: And praying a Saving to the Petitioner for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Dorothy Lady Baroness Dowager of

Upper-Ossery, in the Kingdom of Ireland, was presented to the Iloul'e, and read; setting forth, That her late Husband settled upon her some Lands in Ireland of about 35 /. per Ann.; and he being outlawed for the late Rebellion, the feme were, by Inquisition, found forfeited, by reason of the Petitioner's Ignorance in not producing her Deeds: But his Majesty hath since granted her the said Estate; which the is in Danger of losing by the Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688, unless some Provision be made to the contrary: And praying, That a feving Clause may be inserted therein, in her behalf.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Malone, and Edmund was-

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they never were in Arms in Ireland', yet were, by Mif-take, outlawed in Ireland for High Treason, as if they had been so; and his Majesty hath gronted them Writs of Error, on which their Outlawries are reversed: And praying, That they may be excepted out of the BHl de-' pending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th of Febrttary 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Arthur French, Denis Kelly, James Ox-burgh, and others, comprised in the Articles of Limerick and Galway in Ireland, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That since the Reduction of Ireland, they have taken the Oath of Fidelity, and made Settlements; and have always been adjudged to be comprised within the said.....; yet they fear the Bill now depend-

ing in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688, will prejudice their Rights; And pray-16

ing, That some Provision may be made in the Petitioners behalf

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Barnsly, in the West-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting fprth, That the Towns of Leeds and Wakefeild are the principal Market for Northern Cloth, and conveniently situate- on the Rivers Ayre and Colder; which, if made navigable to the said Towns, will be to the Advantage of all other Towns concerned in the Northern Cloth-Trade: And praying, That a Bill may pass for making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Town of Otley, in the West-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the County of York, navigable, will be a very great Advantage to all the Towns concerned in the Northern Cloth-Trade; being forced now to carry their Goods many Miles by Land; which is not only very chargeable, but often damages their Cloth by reason of the Badness of the Ways: And praying, That a Bill may pais this House for making the said Rivers navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir John Buckw Sir Peter and John Bull,.Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they humbly conceive the Bill depending in the House for explaining and rectifying an Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in case Two- birds in Number and Value do agree, will not answer the Ends thereof, but' will prejudice the Petitioners Rights, and Trade and Credit in general: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pais.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table* until the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to execute Judgments and Decrees feved in a Clause in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of his present Majesty and the late Queen Maty, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales, was committed. That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards do. livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Russia Company do, upon Saturday Sevennight, lay before this House the Book of their Bylaws ana Orders; and also an Account of what Woollen Manufactures they, and the Members of the said Company, have exported during the last Seven Years.

An ingrossed Bill for confirming and establishing the Administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Godolphin Knight, deceased, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for confirming and establishing the Administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Godolphin Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracerfedo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr.

Ayer and

CaJder

Navigation

Ditto*

Relief of Creditors#

Executing Judgment* in Wale*.

Rush* Trade*

Godolphin'*

Will

iow. m.

Weights and Mr. Whitaker, according to Order, presented to the Mcu'sure*. House a Bill for the better preventing Abuses in Weights

and Meal'ures: And the same was received.

T (cape? of Mr. Pochlington, accordirtg to Order, presented to the

Debtors. House a Bill for the further Relief of Creditors, in Cafes of Elba pcs; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses of Gaolers: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Morning

next.

129

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the said Committee of the whole....

Mr. Cooper, according to Order, presented to the House Regulating a Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to e<aiOU*'

n n

serve in Parliament: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight, after Twelve a Clock, in a full House.

25* — 26° Febmarii.

Repealing 39 A Bill to repeal the Act, made in the 39th Year of the ^ei8n of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to restrain urn mgi d t- t^e Rxceflive making of Malt; and to discharge and vacate all Orders made by Justices of the Peace, from restraining of Maltlters from making of Malt; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Interest of Sir John Bolles, according to Order, presented to the MoD<?y. House a Bill to lower the Interest of Money: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Seven-night.

Punching Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to punish Charles Duncomb for Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making Exchequer"8 of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Buis- Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills,

be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Seizures upon A Bill for the speedier and more easy discharging of Outlawries. Seizures, in the Exchequer, upon Outlawries in Civil Actions, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Sir Prow. Drake,

Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Sir Fran. Masham,

Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Pen-darvis, Mr. Thornhagh, Si Kay, Sir Ashley,

Mr. Worthy, Mr. Manly, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Wm. ton. Sir Math. Andrews, Mr. Gery, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Clo. Shovell, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Boyle, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Taylor, Mr. England, Mr. Mr. Bar-

rington, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Jo. Wolstenholme, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Mr. White; and all the Members of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Supply Bill; A Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other vacating Interests, in England and Ireland, from the Crown, during

England and of Bie late King Charles the Second; and for

Ireland. appropriating the same to the use of the Publick; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the feme to the Use of the Publick; is committed.

Ditto. A Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, in England and Ireland, from the Crown, during the Reign of the late King James; and for appropriating the feme to the Use of the Publick; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the said Committee of the whole House.

Ditto. A Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests in England and Ireland, from the Crown, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Vol. XII.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re* Supply an4 solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ways and consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Ma- *"*' jesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the lame.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbali,26° die Februarii;

io# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A Petition of the Lord-Viscount Nettheroill, the Lord ResumPtio^, Baron of Lowth, and Thomas Nugent, of London, oi GranU* Merchant, in behalf of themselves, and few others expressly provided for in a late Act of Parliament passed in Ireland, intituled, An Act to hinder the Reverial of several Outlawries and Attainders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, being never concerned in the Wars in Ireland, though outlawed, obtained Provisoes in the said Act, for Reverial of their own or their Ancestors Outlawries, had, on account of the Rebellion in Ireland: And praying. That the Benefit of the said Provisoes may be reserved to them by the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Colonel Thomas Dongan was presented to Ditto, the House, and read; setting forth, That the Earl of Lymeriek, the Petitioner's Brother, to whom the Petitioner is next Heir at Law, being seised of several Lands in Ireland, was outlawed for High Treason; and his Estate is granted to the Earl of Athlone; and confirmed by Act of Parliament in that Kingdom, wherein a Clause was inserted for feving the Petitioner's Right: And praying. That a like Clause may be inserted in the Bill depending in this House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February

1688, for saving the Petitioner's Right Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir Gervas Clifton was presented to the Ditto. House, and read; setting forth, That, in August 1687 the Petitioner married a Daughter of Bagnall; and

it was covenanted between them, That Two thousand Pounds, of the Marriage-Portion, should remain in Dudly's Hands till the Petitioner should come at Age, and make a Settlement: And Dudly charged his Estate with Payment of the said Two thousand Pounds; but his Estate, in 1690, was seized by his Attainder, on a Writ of In-

L1 quiry;

i3 6 o6° Februarii. 1697.

quiry; but the said Incumbrance was not found; so that the Petitioner cannot charge the said Estate in the King's Hands, without Proof by living Witnesses; which is impossible, because they are dead: That his Majesty, being informed of the said Matter, did, by Letters Patents, confirm the Taid Incumbrance, and charged the said Estate therewith; And praying. That he may be considered in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, farce the 13th Day of 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

JWmnptitm A Petition of John Hussey was presented to the House, of Grants. and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was never in Anns in Ireland; yet, by Mistake or Malice, was outlawed for High Treason; and hath obtained Orders to reverie his Outlawry, and to pals a Pardon; and is now in Possession of his Estate: And praying, That a Proviso, for preserving his Right, may be inserted in the Bill before the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of j February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of John G was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That he never was in any Employment, Civil or Military, in; but came into

England in 1 690; where he has lived ever since; and, being outlawed for High Trealbn in Ireland, w hillthe lived here, his Majesty ordered the said Outlawry to be reversed, and a Pardon; which is accordingly done: And praying, That be may have a Saving in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, ftnce the 13th Day of February 1088.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom tile laid Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Jmes Barry was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Mistake, he was outlawed in Ireland; and, upon Application to his Majesty, the same is reversed: And praying, That he may not incur any of the Forfeitures in a BUI depending in this House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the find Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Peter Earl of Fmgale was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was outlawed when he was but 19 Years old; but, upon applying to the King, he immediately gave Order for reverting the fame; which is accordingly done: And praying, That he may be laved from the Penalties in a Bill before the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the fiud Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Edmond Roch was presented to the House,

and read; setting forth, That he never was in Arms in Ireland; yet was outlawed for High Treason there, by Mistake; and his Majesty, upon hearing of the Matter, granted his Warrant for reversing the fame, and a Pardon; which has been done accordingly in Ireland: And praying, That the Benefit thereof may be reserved to him by the Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of EUissa Broxcne, alias Pursell, Thomasin, Resumptk* Brown, alias Bourlc, and Katherine Browne, was presented 04 t,rants* to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1684, the late Lord Khrnere charged his Estate with Eight thousand Pounds, for Payment of his Debts, and for Portions for the Petitioners, his Daughters; and died in 1690; and was outlawed after his Death; but, by the King's Favour, the Outlawry was reversed: And, the said Lord Kit. being likewise outlawed in England for the same Crime, his Estate was granted to the Earl of BeUamont, without any Provision for the Petitioners: And praying. That the House «ill make such Provision in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688, as the Petitioners distressed same requires.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of John Leslie, Doctor in Divinity, was pre- Ditto, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Beginning of the late Rebellion in Ireland, his House near Sligo being thought fit to lie made a frontier Gari-lbn, he fortified it, and provided Arms and Ammunition at his own Charge, and maintained a Troop of Horse, and Company of Foot; and afterwards a Troop of Dragoons, and fought at the Head of it; which exaijieratfed the Rebels so, that they burnt all his Houses, and do-stroyed all that he had; which, with Losses by the War, damnified him to the Value of Ten theuland Pounds:

And his Majesty, hearing of his faithful Services, Ix>fs, and Sufferings, granted the Petitioner feme forfeited Lands in Ireland, valued at 400l. per Ann. for his Life; and afterwards gave him his Royal Promise of the Inheritance: And praying, That his Right to the said Lands, so granted, may be laved by the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and ether Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688,

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Theobald Lord Baron of Cahir was pre- Ditto, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, notwithstanding his Submission to the King's Declaration of the 22d of February 1688, he was, whilst in England, outlawed in Ireland; which wras reversed by the King's Order: And praying a Saving for hint in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Robert Porter was presented to the House, Dittos

and read; setting forth. That though be was never in Arms in Ireland, yet he was outlawed there; which is reversed by his Majesty's Order: And, having since, by his Industry, acquired some small Estate, prays he may be saved by the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Edward Roch, on behalf of Hannah Ditav Mackdonnell, Sifter to the Petitioner, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon the said Hannah's Marriage with Randoll Mackdonnell, it was by Deed agreed, That, for four thousand Pounds Portion, Randoll should lay out Seven thousand Pounds in a Purchase, on 24 Trust

JO W. III. a6° Februarii. 131

Trust that Hannah should have Three hundred Pounds per Ann. during her Coverture,'and the Whole after Randoms Death; Remainder to her Children, which are Seven: That though Randoll never bore Arms against the King, he was outlawed, and the said Hannah deprived of all manner of Maintenance provided for her, and her Children; of which the King hearing the Truth, was pleated to confirm the said Marriage-Settlement: And praying, That the Benefit of the King's Grant may be secured to her by the Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resumption A Petition of the Lady Dorothy Burke, Daughter and ot Grants. ]^ejr Qf the Earl of Clanrickard, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in her Infancy, was taken from her friends by the late Queen Mary, and by her bred a_ Protestant, for which (he was disinherited by her Father; but the Queen promised, That when the Petitioner should be dispoiadlo marry, (he should be provided for out of the Forfeitures of her Family, who were then in Rebellion: That since the Queen's Death, the Petitioner, on Propofols of a Match* gave in her Memorial, to remind his Majesty of the Queen's Pro-mile; who was pleased to confirm such Promise to her: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February) 688, to vest the forfeited Estate of the said Earl in the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of the Lady Ellen Aylmer, in behalf of herself, and her two Sons Sir Justin and Luke Aylmer, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1685, the Petitioner's Husband died, having long before settled a Jointure on her; and her said Sons being lent into France very young, the eldest but Ten Years of Age, and before the Troubles in Ireland, they were all outlawed for High Treason; but, on Application to the King, the Outlawry was reversed, and Dame Ellen restored to her Estate: That the Petitioner is advised (lie is in Danger of losing her said Estate by a Bill depending in this House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688: And praying, that some Provision may be made therein for the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto, A Petition of Helen Viscountess was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth. That the late Queen was pleased, out of the Petitioners Husband's forfeited Estate in Ireland, to grant her and her Children Four hundred Pounds per Ann.; but the Petitioner received only Three hundred and Forty Pounds per Ann.: That lhe and her Husband are Heirs of Sir Thom, and Sir Nicholas Browne, Tw o Brothers, who, in the Reign of Queen Eliz. did eminent Service in the Reduction of Ireland: And praying a Saving in her behalf by the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Ignatius Purcell Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he was never in Arms in Ireland, but was outlawed by Mif-take; which was reversed by his Majesty's Order, and the Petitioner restored to his Estate: And praying, That Vox. XIL

he may have the Benefit thereof, notwithstanding the Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Luke White, an In&nt, by his Mother and Guardian Eliz. Hussey, alias White, was presented to 0 rantK the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioner's Father Charles White was outlawed for High Treason in Ireland, but obtained the King's Order for Reversal thereof; which was done, and he restored: And praying,

That he may have the Benefit of the said Reversal reserved by the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Recorder, Burgesses, and Salmon Freemen, of his Majesty's Corporate Town and Borough ^re'*rvatMW» of Clitheroe, in the County of Lancaster, and of others of his Majesty's Subjects living in Places adjacent thereunto, was presented to the House, and read; setting, forth. That the Notice of a Bill in the House was received with great Joy by the Petitioners, for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom: But afterwards hearing a Petition was presented to exclude the River Ribble out of the said Bill, it occasioned the Petitioners now to pray. That many hundred Families may not be hindered from a common Good, for the private Interest of two or three Gentlemen; but that the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Ditto. Council, of the City of Durham, and Borough of *. wellgate, and other of the Inhabitants within the said City and Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, till about Twenty-five Years since, the Petitioners were plentifully supplied with Fish, at moderate Rates, from the River Wear; but now the Owners or Farmers of the Weirs or Dams thereon have raised them so high, that the Salmon cannot get up the River, as they did formerly, but are either taken at the said Daras,; or put back; by which means Fish is sold at an excessive Rate, to the Prejudice of the Publick: And praying.

That the Bill depending in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom, may pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Bow-bearers, Officers, Gentlemen, Ditto, and others the Inhabitants, within the Seven Towns of the Forest and Liberty of Bolland, in the Counties of York and Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are informed there is a Bill in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom; which is to pull down all Fish-locks, Weirs, and Dams, which are Impediments to the Breed of Fish; but some Persons, for their own Ends, have petitioned, That some Weirs and Locks upon the River Ribble, a fresh Water, which mightily prevents the Breed and Spawn of Salmon, may be continued, to the great Damage of the Petitioners, and others, betwixt the Rivers of Ribble and Hodder: And praying, That the said Bill may pals, without Regard of the said Petition, which is only for some private Ends.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition

Duties on Leather.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ankles of Lirnemk.

Supply Bill; vacating Grants in Ireland.

Duty on Giafe.

iyi

i6° Februarii. A. 1697.

A Petition of the Tanners, Cordwainers, Sadlers; Glovers, and Leather-cutters, of the ancient Borough of Totnes, in the County of Devon, was prefeuted to the House, and read; felting forth, That by reason of the great Duty upon Leather, the Prohibition of its being imported from Ireland, and the Encouragement that is given to its Exportation, it is sold at so high a Price, that many of the Petitioners are forced to lay down their Trades; which is like to bring them and their Families to Ruin: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter- thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in and about the Borough of Appleby, and the Towns of Kirkby-Stephen, and

Sawerby, in behalf of themselves,' and others of the feme Trades, within the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the Hoafe, and- read; setting forth, That, by the great Duty upon Leather,"they are reduced to the utmost Extremities, through the great Decay of their Trades, occasioned by the said Duty: And praying, That the same may be taken off, and feme other Ways found out for railing Money for the Publick Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, and Dressers of Leather, and also of the Glovers, Curriers, Sadlers, Collar-makers, and others that tan, taw, and dress, Leather, within the Borough and ancient City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton,- and other Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Tax upon Leather is a great Burden to them; and the Vexation and Trouble that they are put to by the Collectors, is almost intolerable, betides the parting with their ready Money for what they are forced oftentimes to give Credit for: And praying a Redress of their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Rejoined, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are . of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to cause to be laid before this House the Articles upon the Surrender of Limerick and Galway, and such Proclamations as issued in Ireland to encourage Persons to come in, and submit themselves to his Majesty.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; is committed; That they do consider, which way to reserve to his Majesty a Third-part of the Value of the forfeited Estates in and to apply the Residue to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Cox, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Gardner, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glafe-makers of Stourbridge is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for litre ford Erecting of Iiospitals and Work-houses within the City Work-hwufe*. of Hereford, for the better employing and maintaining the 'Poor there: And that Mr. Morgan and Air. Foley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Bere have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, to the Fuueral of his Father-in-law.' Alienee.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Winington have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Mr. Tilney reported from the Committee, to whom the Laws con- Bill for regulating and amending the Laws concerning Rob*

Robberies on the Highways, and Hue and Cries, was c committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them agreed unto by the House.

Resolvedthe Bill be re-committed to the same Committee. r.n?

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Supprcflm^ Bills, for the more effectual suppressing Profaneness, Im- Brniaueucis, morality, and Debauchery: And that Sir Phillips u and Mr. Edward Harley do prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, or Bills.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to Militia the House a Bill for regulating, and settling the Militia: Regulation. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Powell and Mr. Baron Powis:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Suppressing more effectual suppressingAthei£n, Blasphemy, and Profane- Atheism, ness: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. &c"

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Knott'* enable the Trustees of William Knott Gentleman, and his Estate' Wife, to fell a Lease of Iioufes in Breadstreet, London, for Payment of Debts} and to settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof: Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Bishop of enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leafesof certain Houses and Grounds, belonging to the Bishoprick a e* of Chichester, situate in Chancery-lane, for a competent Number of Years: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Litton Gerrard have Leave to A Member petition the House of Lords, as to his Interest, in relation alI"'v*d tn to a Bill depending the re. KT

Refolded, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply Bill; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

o'. , , C. rants in

to consider further of the Bui for vacating all Grants of irci^d. Estates and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

An ingossed Bill for punishing Charles Duncombe Punishing Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indoi foments of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of induing

Exchequer, Exchequer Bills.

Array

Arrears.

Ditto.

Befumption of Grants.

ioW. III. 26° — 28° Februarii. 133

Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

And the Question being put, that the Bill do pass.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } >38-

Tellers for the Noes, }'<*

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for pumffiing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the

making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Harrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunee, 28" die Februarii',

1 o° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AP ETITION of Major Hairy was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he hath faithfully served the King during the War in Ireland, and in Flanders, in Colonel Regiment, for

which there is a great Arrear due to him: Of which, he prays, an Account may be stated; and that he may be paid what is due to him, being now out of the King's Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition* be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Langstons Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Hiller, Richard Clement, and Richard Fuller, in behalf of themselves, and several others, lately belonging to the Troop commanded by Major John Retry, in Colonel Harvys late Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Major has greatly oppressed them, by obliging them to take Oats and Grass at double the Price he paid; and by charging each Man with Four Pounds Two Shillings and Six-pence for a Waistcoat, Hat, Gloves, Collar, and small Accoutrements, tho' Six-pence a Day ef their Pay was left with the Treasurer to discharge all just Allowances, of which they have had no Account; and the said Major has also kept Three Half-pence a Day per Man for a long time; by which, and other Impositions, their whole Subsistence has in a manner been eaten up: And praying, That their said Grievances may be red re fled.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Langston's Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

the Petitioner forfeited Lands in Ireland of 200 Annum: And the Expence of Eight Voyages, in obtaining and fixing those Grants, has not only eaten of the Benefit intended by the King; but also has run the Petitioner in Debt, to her utter Ruin, unless some Provision be made for her by the Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688: And praying a Saving therein in her Behalf.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Clothiers, Serge-makers, Iron- African mongers, Cutlers, Pewterers, Comb-makers, and divers Trade, other Artificers and Tradesmen, of the City of Bristoll, waa presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have by Experience found, That a free Trade to Africa doth export Abundance more of our Manufactures, than when confined to a select Number of Men; and the Produce of that Country gives great Encouragement to Trade; which if monopolized, the Scarceness and Dearnels of Commodities, will prove ruinous to it: And praying, That the Trade to Africa may be left free and open.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa is committed.

A Petition of the Planters interested in, and Merchants Ditto, trading to, the Island of Barbadoes, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Commodities of that Island are produced by the Strength of Negroes brought thither from Africa-, and the said Commodities are imported into Europe cheaper or dearer, according to the Plenty or Scarcity, and Price, of Negroes; and, it is the Interest of England in general, as well as of the said Island, that the Trade to Africa be free; whereby Negroes may be brought to the Plantations cheap; and, the Petitioners conceive, the Bill in the House for settling the Trade to Africa will very much restrain and prejudice the Trade of the said Island: And praying, That they may lie heard, at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Dyers in and about the City of Ditto. London in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That there is a Bill depending in the House for settling the Trade to Africa, which is to restrain the Trade thither to a joint Company; which will enable them to set what Price they please upon Red-wood, very much used by Dyers; which comes only from the North of; and will very much prejudice the Dyeing-Trade in England:

And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Eliz. Wandesford, formerly Widow and A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and capital Bur- Ayre and Relict of Garrett Foulks Esquire, who was, with several gestes, of the Borough of in the County c.a*‘1*r Na'

of her Brothers, killed in Colonel Foulks' Regiment at of Westmorland, was presented to the House, and read; vlf>aDon‘ the Battle of AghrimCastle, of Bellenegargy and Belly- setting forth, That they have, for a considerable time,

hoolt/ in Ireland, in behalf of herself and Children, was managed a Trade of making coarse Woollen Cloths, and presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Tanning of Leather, in great Quantities; and, being her said Husband, and several of his Family, lay Sixteen Two hundred Miles from London, the Charge of Land-Months under Sentence of Death in Gallway Prison; and carriage is very great; but if the Rivers Ayre and Colder, the Enemy seized all that they had; for whose Sufferings in the County were made navigable, the Carriage

and Losses the King granted the Petitioner a Pension of and Price of Goods would be much lessened, and the 2001, per Annum, for her and her Childrens Support, till Profit greater, to the Inhabitants of the said Borough: feme better Provision was made for them: And, the last And praying, That the Bill depending in the House for Spring, his Majesty, in lieu of the said Pension, gave piftkW the said Rivers navigable may pass.

134 a8° Februarii — i® Martii. 1697.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A;re and A Petition of the Wardens and Afliftant3 of the

Calder Na- Freemen of the ancient Company of Sheermen, within vigation. the Borough of Kirkby-in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Borough has, time out of mind, managed a considerable Trade in making coarse Woollen Cloths, to the Support of many poor People; but the great Charge of Land-carriage is a mighty Dif-couragement to the said Trade; which would be removed by making the Rivers Ayre and in the County of

York, navigable: And praying. That the Bill depending in the House for making the said Rivers navigable may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Fauquire'*, Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Stc. Nat. naturalize John James Fauqmre, and John , and

others.

said Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampfyld, and John fyld his Brother.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir John Duke have Leave to go into Leave ®f the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to BedfordWrit the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to l'erve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, in the room of Thomas Hillerfden Esquire, deceased.

Colonel Wharton, according to Order, presented to Navy Efti-the House an Estimate of the Charge of his Majesty's mate-Navy in Harbour, by the Space of One Year, beginning the 1 ft of January 1697, and ending the laftof December 1698: And the same was received.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the fame.

May's Nat. Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Charles May Esquire was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and - had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Salmon Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to

Prsfervation. whom the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom is committed, be made upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

tcc^m*^ A Petition of several Merchants and Silk-Throwers, on porting Silk, behalf of themselves, and others dealing in line Italian and Turky Thrown-Silk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in this House to enable Paris Slaughter and William Druce Merchants, to import several Bales of line Italian Thrown-Silk from Amsterdam into this Kingdom: And praying, Th?t they may be heard to give their Reasons against the said BUI.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled An Act Suppression for the more effectual suppressing Atheism, Blasphemy, Atheism, and Profaneness, was read the First time. c-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Call of the Day Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not House. then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- African solved. itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade, consider of the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had heard the Petitioners against, and the Royal African Company for, the said Bill; and had made some Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Barlow's Mr. Vaughan, according to Order, presented to the

Estate. House a Bill for the better Management of the Estate of

Sir George Barlow Baronet, during his Minority; and for Payment of Debts and Legacies the same is chargeable with; and to enable the said Sir George, and Dame Winifred his Wife, to fell an Estate in the County of Lin-colne; and in lieu thereof, to settle an Estate in the County of Pembroke: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next

African Ordered, That the Royal African Company do lay be-

Charur* fore ^is House their Charter, and Book of By-laws; and art*r* an Account of the Names of the Members of the Company.

Ordered, That the Bill for the further securing the Freedom of Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament Elections. be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Bartholomew Burton be heard, by Punishiag his Counsel, at the Bar of this House, Tomorrow Morn- Burton, *c* ing, against the Bill for punishing him.

Ordered, That the Bill for registring Memorials of Registring future Deeds and Conveyances be read a Second time Deeds, upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Bampfyld'* An ingossed Bill to enable certain Trustees, therein Estate. named, to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Baduring his Minority;

and, in case of his Death without IiTue Male, during the Minority of his Brother John Bampfyld', was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the BUI do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampfyld, during the Minority of the

23

Martis, 1° die Martii; to* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pbatehs.

RDERED, That the Papers producedat the Com- Godolphin's mittee appointed to consider of the Petition of Don WlU* Philippe de la Guerra, touching Sir William Godolphin's Will, be transmitted to the Clerk of the House of Lords, to

be

Resumption of Grants.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ditto.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

io W. III. i

135

be made use of by the respective Parties, as there may be Ocasion, on hearing that Matter there.

A Petition of Francis Earl of Carlingford was presented to the House, and read} letting forth, That the Petitioner's Brothers, Nicolas, Earl of Carlingford, and John Taaj Esquire, were killed in the late Rebellion against

his Majesty in Ireland', and, for Services done by the Petitioner to the Memory of the late Duke of,

his Majesty was plealed, That the Petitioner should enjoy the Estates of his said Brothers: That if the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, fiqce the 13th Day of February 1688, iliould

pal's, the Petitioner will thereby lose his Honour and Estate: And praying a saving Claul'e in his behalf.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Lord Baron of Upper Ossery was presented to the House, and read: setting forth, That his Uncle, the late Baron of Ossery, was indicted and outlawed on Account of the late Rebellion in Ireland: That the Petitioner is his Heir f[>ecial, a Protestant, the "Estate not above 30 I.per Annum:The Petitioner hath

faithfully served this Government; and his Majesty has been pleased to order the Reversal of the Outlawry: And pra\ing a saving Clause, in his behalf, in the Bill now depending'in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w horn the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Arthur French Esquire, and James Farrell his Son-in-law, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Irriel Farrell Esquire died in the Beginning of the late Rebellion in Ireland\ and the Petitioner Arthur married his Widow; and the Petitioner Janies is Son and Heir of the said Irriell, who stands outlawed for High Treason: That the Petitioner Arthur being Mayor of the Town of when surrendered

to his Majesty; in Consideration of his good Behaviour on that Occasion, and of his Sufferings on that Account, his Majesty was plealed to express his Intention of preserving to the Petitioners the said Estate from Forfeiture: And praying, That lbme Provision may be made for their Preservation, in the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Thady Fitz- Pa was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, tho' never in Arms in Ireland, was outlawed for High Treason; but upon Application to his Majesty, he ordered a Reversal thereof: And praying, That the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Forfeitures, in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688, may not affect the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor and Commonalty of the ancient City of York was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of the said City has been long supported by the River Ouze, and the Water of Humber, which is the common and direct Passage from

Hull to York', and if there be a Hindrance to such Passage, which will certainly happen if the Rivers Ayre and Calder should be made navigable, it will tend to the impoverishing the said City: And praying. That they Vol. XII.

t

may be heard against the Bill depending in the House for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York, navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Arnold, according to Order, presented to the Fauquier'*, House a Bill for naturalizing John Francis Fauquier, and &c* Nat. Joseph Ducasse, and others: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Great Mil ton in the Salmon Pro-County of York, and of Aighton, Raley, and Chaigeley, servation. in the Parish of Milton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they live conveniently near to the River Kibble, which is above Forty Miles long from the Rife to the Fall; yet they have no Benefit by fishing the rein, by reason the Locks and Weirs, near the Fall of the River, are built so high, that they hinder the Passage of the Fish; which is a great Prejudice to the Petitioners, and many Towns of good Note: And praying, That the Bill belore the House for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, within the Rivers of this Kingdom,'may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Sir William Lmcther, of Holker in the Ditto. County of Lancaster, Baronet, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is seised of an ancient Salmon-fishery in the River called -

verthivhate-Jishing, managed by a Weir constantly open, and so wide, as is directed by the Statute of the 13th of Richard the I Id, touching Salmon-fillieries, without Damage to any Person: But if the Bill in this House for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of

Salmon, within the Rivers of this Kingdom, should pass without a Saving to the Petitioner, he will not only lose his Freehold, but be also liable to pay the Rent due to the Crown thereupon: And praying, That the said Bill may not pals, or that he may have a particular Saving the rein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Ditto, chief Inhabitants, of the Townships of Bolton and Sazvley, adjoining upon the River Ribble, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners are informed, there is a Bill depending in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, within the Rivers of this Kingdom; which Bill is to lupprels and lower all Fish-locks and Weirs: And that feme Persons, for their own private Interest, have petitioned this House to have feme Fish-locks continued upon the River Ribble; which very much prevent the Increase of Salmon, to the Petitioners great Prejudice: They therefore pray, That the said Petitions may be rejected; and that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, Copy- Ditto, holders, and other the Inhabitants, within, and near unto the Towns of Calbume, Downham, and Worston, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, within the Rivers of this Kingdom; which is to lupprels all Locks and Weirs, which destroy Fish: And

there

i* Martii.

A. 1697.

there being several which do lb on the River Kibble, to the Petitioners great Prejudice, feme Persons, for their private Ends, have petitioned for a Continuance thereof: But the Petitioners pray. That the said BHi may pass, it being for a common Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Salmon Pre- A Petition of the Inhabitants of Gigglewick, Settle, servation. Langcliffe, and Rathmell, in the County of York, was

presented to the House, and read: letting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, within the Rivers of this Kingdom; which is for a general Advantage to all the Subjects of England: And praying, That the same may pals, notwithstanding Two or Three

fitivate Gentlemen, for their own Benefit, have petitioned his House against it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report he made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of William Dockwra and John Freeman Estatesgive* was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, tofup«mi-That the Petitioners having made several Discoveries of1101,8

divers Lands, and Money, given to superliatiou3 Uses; and an Agreement being made by the Lords of the Treasury for One-third Part, in order to the Recovery of the lame; the Petitioners have been at great Expence, and made considerable Discoveries: And praying, That the Bill depending in the House for the better Discovery of Estates given to superstitious Uses may not prejudice the said Agreement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Lambton, Sir Marm. Mr. Sl«ighter,&c.

Woodroffe, Sir Edward Seaward, Sir Tho. Sir j®Porti*g

IV71. Bmves, Mr. Phillips, Mr. White, Mr. Thomhagh, k‘

Mr. Gardner, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Paris Slaughtet' and William Druce, Merchants, to import several Bales of fine Italian Thrown-Silk from Amsterdam is committed.

Duties on Leather.

Copper

Coinage*

Mountgo-

mer/s

Petition.

A Petition of the Tanners inhabiting in the ancient Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the heavy Duty upon Leather, they have been greatly obstructed in the carrying on their Trades; and most of them, by reason thereof, mull of necessity lay down the fame: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell-mongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers, in general, of the great and populous Borough of in the County of Swry, on the behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Proprietors of the Copper-Coinage of Halfpence and Farthings not only refine to exchange the late white Farthings in the Petitioners Hands, but have coined extravagant Quantities of Copper Halfpence and Farthings, which are now become a greater Clog and Inconvenience to Trade, than the white Farthings formerly were: And praying, That a Stop may be put to the Increase of the Copper-Coinage.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Cox, Mr. Watlington, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Holt, Mr. Bo Mr. Stonehmfe, Mr.

Bridges, Sir Fran. Masham, Lord Cutts, Mr. Manley, Sir Ra, Ashton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Blofield, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Clark, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr. Gery, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Monson, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Henley, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Perry, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Sloane, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Brotherton, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Gero. Elwes, Mr. Kowney, Mr. Raven/crqft, Mr. England; and all the Members that serve for the Cities of London and Westminster, and Counties of Middlesex, Surry, Kent, and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, attd Records.

A Petition of Lieutenant John MountgCfrmry was presented, to the House, and read; letting forth, That *

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bishop of to enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leases Chichester'* of certain Houses and Grounds, belonging to the Bishop- Estate* rick of Chichester, situate in Chancery-latte, for a competent Number of Years, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Charles May Esquire May* Nat. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Afib for naturalizing Charles May Esquire.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Barnardiston have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Eight Days, upon extraordinary AbfeDce* Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Counterfeiting next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole "6 C°,n* House to consider of the Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom.

The House being informed, That the Council for Mr. Punishing Bartholomew Burton attended according to Order; Burton for

They were called in, and heard, touching the Bill to punish the said Mr. Burton, for false Indorsing of several q,er Bill*! Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills; and also several Witnesses were examined on the said Mr. Burton's behalf.

And then the Council and Witnesses withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Punishing ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Knight for House, to consider of the Bill for punishing John f^che* Knight Esquire, for false indorsing several Bills, made quer Bill*.6 forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Land Tax. House an Account of the Amount of the Rates to the Act for the first Four Shillings in the Pound; and of the Proportions thereof to the Bill for the Three Shillings in the Pound.

And the feme was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie opost the Table.

Counties

io w. m.

i*Martii.

COUNTIES and CITIES.

Bedford ....

Berks ——

Bucks ——

Cambridge - -

Isle of Ely ——

County of Chester ——

City and County of the City of Chester -

Cornwall ——

Cumberland ——

Derby ——

Devon ——

Exeter ——

Dorset ——

Poole ——

Durham ——

York, and Kingston upon Hull -Essex ——

Gloucester ——

City and County of the City of Gloucester -

Hereford ——

Hertford ——

Huntingdon ——

Kent, with the City and County of the City of Canterbury Lancaster -

Leicester ——

Lincolne ——

London ——

Middle lex ——

Monmouth ——

Northampton -

Nottingham ——

Norfolk ——

Norwich -

Northumberland ——

Oxon ——

Rutland ——

Salop ——

Stafford -

Litchfeild ——

Somersett ——

Briftoll ——

Southampton ——

Suffolk ——

Surry - ....

Sussex ——

Warwick ——

Worcester ——

City and County of the City of Worcester -

Wilts....

Westmoreland ——

Anglesey ——

Brecon ——

Cardigan ——

Carmarthen - -

Carnarvan - -

Denbigh ——

Flint....

Glamorgan ——

Merioneth ——

Montgomery ——

Pembrook ——

Radnor -

Haverfordwest - - - - , -

Total -

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty by a Land Tax for one Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned, is committed.

Vo l.XII.

t-

To the ift Aid of 4«. Per Libr'.

8. d.

28,554 15 1A

4! ,054 — 9A

47,66o 17 7

31,193 10 *A

28,599 6

3,*975 6 —

3,713 18 3

24,093 19 10A

82,604 3 5A

33, H6 7 7

10,597 14 6

91,632 11 44*

91,007 1 9A

45,851 16 4A

20,409 1 10

42*973 5 4A

15,064 12 5

*3,443 8 5

20,989 14 7,t

34,871 19 2

72,246 10 5A

137,287 4 11

200,904 9 104*

9,812 6 54*

48,107 6 10

27,276 10 10

48,660 12 5A

14,548 17 5

39 256 13 10A

5,525 3 11

27,163 13 10

OO A vo Cl *4 2

72,726 15 5A

' 55,228 6 A

73,819 5 2

67,014 13 7

60,820 1 1

39,864 10 8

33,696 18 7

51,733 2 iA

3,045 3 10

1,486 9 3

3,051 6 —

1,372 16 2

4,370 2 74*

2,337 6 7

4,266 13 r

2,3M 17 —

7,826 9 10A

2,432 15 10

5,852 18 4

2,997 17 8A

2,692 6 —

174 17 4

2,000,741 7 11

*37

Proporti,

l<5na for the 3*. P*r Libr3.

5

9

8

9

a

4 1

5

8

6

13

3

16

19

9 11

8.

21>4i6 1

3°1790 10

8, ‘1

4,78l 14

*°>26i 4

1,i88

23,98i

i?'785

10,070

58,42a

3,531 24,59i 246 7.948

S'724

68»255 33,341 1,047 15,306 32,229 i>,298 02,582 15,742 5 26,153 19 54,184 17

102,965 8

150,678

ofi'359

3o,o8o 20,457 75,io6

6.388 10>9n 13 29,442 10

4,143 17 20,372 15 18,748 6 315 14 49,001 8 5,543 13 41,421 4 55,364 8 50,261 — 45,615 — 29,898 23,593 1,679 38,799 2,283 1,114 2,288 1,029 3,277 11

L752 19 3,199 J9

1,736 2 5,869 17 1,824 11

4.389 13 2,248 8 2,019 4

131 3

7 4

10

8

10

18

d.

4A

64*

2_rV

— -r^r 6* 2-rV

34*

6

8tV

1044

3 A

4A

2t*t

6

10A

6-rV

344

8a

6*4

4tt

34*

34*

104* 4A

94*

8-nr

5 A

IOtV

It't

IrV

4A

HA

_ - i a

t-?t

44*

1 ItV 4tt 1

6

6

s

TT

44

8

1

12

16

17

16

9

12

6-rV

10-Ar

94*

94*

8A

3

64*

10A

"A

6

WV

114*

HA

94*

9

44*

10-A

9

3A

C

1,500,55 6 — ha

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton look the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

N n Sir

Committee*.

Exporting Wool to Scotland.

Irish Arrears.

Woollen Manufacture.

Challoner's

Complaint.

Weight* and Measura.

Supply Bill; Malt Duties.

Supply Bill; Arrears of Annuities.

Salt to be sold by Weight.

Poor Relief!

Suppression

Athaism,

Ac.

n*

i 3* Martii.

A. 1697.

StPknbs 2MMI rejtorte.iS.4l. Aid QDmntttee, That they bad blade fume Progrefe ih 1feft Matter to them referred; and had directed ten to move, That they may have Leavb to hi again.

ZtitfoMed, That this Hdufe Will, ftpoR htorn-

ing ntext, Heftivb ftself into a Committee Of the Whole Hdofe, tbtdnftlef further of tife fald Bill.

Ordered, That all Conuniftefes bo rdtdVed.

And then the House adjottrabd tifl To-mOtrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

ejr- v . If , f

tr urnA

Mtrcurii, 2* die Martii; 10° Qdlielmi Tertii.

PeaterO.

SIR John 9Cay presented to the House -a Bill fdrthe

thore eflbftuifl prevebtiitg the Exportation of tyool to Scotland: 'AEd 'the femte wfcs received.

TKte Bin tab 'read the First time; and, because -the same Was brought in with Penalties, the fhthe was, by the iSeaVefofwfe House, Withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Rdport from the Committee, to whom the Petition1 of the Soldiers Of the Eart of Atraris Rogi Intent is refertted, be made uponA/wafery Motning next.

Sir George Httngerfork presented to the House a Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture: And the feme was received.

The BH1 whs read the First time; -and, because the fatrfe was brpughtin with Penalties, the feme wafe, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That-the Commissioners of the Treasury, Mr. Molyneux, and Sir jWarwta. JVvoett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of William Gen-

tleman is referred.

A ' Bill to prevent Abi/fes in Weigttts'and Measures was read the First time.

Rejoined, That the Bill be read ra'Second time.

A Mteffage from the Lbrds, by Sir Miles-Gooke and Sir Lacon William Child:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, ihtitiried, An Act for explaining -an Act, ihade the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain 'Duties1 upon Malt, Mam, Sweets, Cyder, -and Perry, without any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act for fatifcfying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities Which incurred between the 17th Day of May 1696, add the 17th Day of May 1697, without any Amendments:

And also to the Bill, intituled, An Act that all Retailers of Salt shall fell by Weight, without any Amendments: Alfb

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, Ata Act for explaining "an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for fopplyingfome Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor -of this Kingdom, with feme Amendments: To which they'desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MefleagCrs withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill, frdm the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppressing of Ajtlieism, Blasphemy, Ond Profabentels, Was, 'according1 toJ ftrder, fdad' a Se-fcdnd time.

Refotoed, That the Bill be committed toV Cdftitffittee of the whole House.

'mjbhtd, Thk teb 'House Will, To^itiofrCW^drtling,

refelve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

The Lord Conmgsby acquainted the House, That their Answer t« Addrest having been presented to his Majesty, 13m£ hs Addref*. would please to cause to be laid before this House tbs Articles upon the Surrender of Limerick- and j

and such Proclamations as issued in to aMewqgp

Persons to come in and febmit themselves to his Majesty J and that his Majesty had been plea fed toflive Direction

That they shall be 4od before (hte Hoafe.

Ordered, That the Report touching Sir Wray Privilege-

lie made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Salmon whom the Bill for thelncrease and Preservation of Sahnete Pref®rvati°a. and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom, was committed, be made upon Saturday Mornii^ neat

The House, according to the Order of the Day, refolded Supply,

itself into a Committee of the . whole House, te Oonfider further of the Supply to 'be granted to his Mgjtefty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas reported from the said-Gotmnittefc;

That they had directed him to move. That the Eftiiaateb of the Ordinary of the Navy for the Years i6fl$ nul ] 696, may be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimakb be referred to the said Committee of the whole Hoaife.

Sir Thomas Littleton alfe acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to 'move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House do immediately refelve <kfetf into a Committee of the . whole House, to consider -further of the said Supply.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho* Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That all Cotomittees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Prayers.

Jovisy -S° die Martii; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

AP ETITI ON of Henry Fas\ of an Infant, ReCumptio* by the Right Honourable the Lady Henrietta of Grants.

OBryan, his Mother and Guardian, was presented to the House, and read; fettiqg forth, That divers of the Petitioner's Tenants in Ireland were Principals in the late Rebellion there; whereby the Petitioner has not only loft his Rent for many Years, but had his Houses burnt, and his Stock and Goods carried away, by his rebellious Tenants, who have forfeited their Leases and Estates to the Petitioner, and the King, of whom the Petitioner hopes to obtain a Surrender, in consideration of the Petitioner's Sufferings: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill for 'vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interest, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February j 688, whereby his Majesty may, if he pleases, tfeftdw dn "the1 Petitioner "a ^SOrttewder -6f Ms Tenants 'forfeited Leiftes, as stfotfiftftd.

Ordered, That the1 Cortfidtetotfen -tif the 'AM1 Petition 4Je tefehted *to 'the' CotrtWittee bf *he*Whdte'House, -to ‘WKtjtn* the, feidrBHl isttittutiittted.

> A1 Petition

Resumption of Grants.

Ditto.

Duties or Deathtr.

Ditto.

Tiverton

Work-house.

Servants of Charles II*

Bishop of

Chicheftor*!

Sftato.

IO W. III.

3° Martii.

19

A Petition of Nicolai FxtihGerald was presented to fee House, end read; letting forth. That the Petitioner was outlawed, as being a Rebel, in Ireland; but obtained a Reversal thereof having never been in Arras there: And praying a laving Clanfe for him in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Mfeoved to the Committee of the whole Heuse, to whom toe laid Bid is committed.

A Petition of the Lady Ellen Aylmer, in behalf of her-deH; and her Two Sons, Sir Justi and Aylmer, was

patented to toe House, and need; setting forth, That her late Husband, Sir Fitz-Gerald Aylmer, settled his Estate, «od secured a Jointure to toe Petitioner; and died in 1665: But her laid Two Sens, being very young, -were dent, before the late Rebetton in Ireland, into France for Education; and they and their Mother were outlawed in Ireland; which is fmoe reversed by the King's Order, and the Petitioners fettered to their Bftates: And fraying, That the Bill depending in ‘the Howfe for vacating eft Grants of Estates, and other Inter efts, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February i*688, may not prejudice toe Petitioners -now Tides to their Estates.

Ordered, That the Goalideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole hloufe, to whom the said Jddl os -committed.

A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, Fellmoqgere, and JLeather-dressers, of the ancient Borough of MUbem-Port, in the County of Somersett, was presented to the House. and read; felting forth, That * *.

Ordered, That the-Consideration of-the-laid Petition be referred to -the Committee, to -whom the Petition of the AldeFmen, Stewards, and Company of Pell mongers, Lea-ther-dressers, and Glovers, tin the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof.; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, and Makers of leather, inhabiting within the Barony of Kendall, in the County of Westmorland, was presented to the House,

and read; fitting forth, That they have, for many Years past, got a Livelihood by their several Trades; but they are now so hnpoveriflied and discouraged by the Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, that, if it be continued, they shall not be able to subsist: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the "House.

: Ordered, Thatitbe an Instruction to the Committee, to

-whom the Bill for erecting - an Hospital and Work-house in Tiverton, in the- County oiDesan, is committed, That -they-have Power to receive a Clause to enforce the Act -lately made for erecting Work-houses at Bristol!, , and employing. the-Poor there.

A [Petition af Frauds Henry Eeles, Edmund Wwd-

waady Edward White, Thomas Marlow, Goldegay,

mad. John.Eeles, in behalf of themselvee, >aadrfeveral other Servants of his-late MtyelWiKing which

wereactually k> his, said Majesty is Service at the time of his Death, was presented to the House, and read,! setting;forth, That a *<*.

An ingrafted v Bill, from titel Lords, iatitided, An Act to >entole John Lord Bishop of OmheMer to m&kelLeefes of certain Houses and Grounds, belonging to thejklhop-X*.XII.

rick of Chichester, fituflte in Chwvy.- for a epwpe-tent Number of Years, was read a Second time.

Refined, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Dutton Colt, S)r Robert Burdett, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Posff-lingtan, Sir Wm- Cooper, Mr. Hmly, Mr, Rockland, M.r.

Morgan, Mr. Ashby, Mr Moyntague, Mr, Palme, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Foley, Sir Meath. Andretcs, Sir Goff,

Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Ha»'leu, Sir Cha.Sidley, Mr. Ffi mine. Sir Edw. Abney, Sir Wm. Ixwihcr, Mr. Holt, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Cob, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Cloudily

Shovell, Sir Fra. Mrnharn, Mr. ShaMr. Watlingfda, Sir Tho. Mmpesson, Sir Tho. Hussey, Mr* Hoblyn Sir Henry Parker', Mr Clark, Mr. Rrotherton, Si Fogg,

Mr. Palmes, Sir Cha.Windham, Mr. Gary, Mr.

Mr. Heoeningham, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pirnieg,

Mr. Molefiorth, Mr. England, Mr. Slater: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Nicolas Clark senior, and Nicolas Clark Bishop of junior, in behalf of themselves, and several others, Proprie- Chichester's tors of several Houses and Grounds in and near Chancery- S1*-lane, and White s-alley, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in the House to enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leases of certain Houses and Grounds belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, situate in Chancery-JaneThat the Petitioners have long been Tenants to toe laid Bishoprick; who will be greatly prejudiced, and the Profits of toe Successors of the said Bishoprick diminished, in case the said Bill should pals: And praying, That they may be heard, before the same do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of toe said Petition be referred to toe Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition -Of the [Governor and Company of Adven- HudfonVBay tuners of England, trading to Hud fins- Bay, was presented Company, to the House, and read; setting forth, That *.

Ordered, That Leave be given-to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Edward Harley do prepare, and bring in, toe BiH.

«A Petition of several Matters and working Pot-mafkens, Cutes on on >bebalf of themselves, and the poor Pot-makers of Curthen-England, w as presented to the House, and read; setting ware* forth, ..... their Trade was ever poor; yet many Hundreds were so employed therein, as in a mean way to maintain themselves and Families; but toe late D uties have so lessened ‘the Consumption of their Manufacture, ithatmany are thereby brought ‘to theiCbarge-of the Parish, and others must unavoidably come to iRuin in a ftioBt time: And praying, That their poor Condition may be considered, andfome Way found out for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition die referred to the -Committee, to whom the Petition of toe Glafe-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred:

And. that they do exammethe Matter thereof; -and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Corqplaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege.

TTio. Webs, an Attorney at Law, had caused Robert Spencer, Servant to Sir. Robert Burdett, a Member of this House, to be arrested in several Actions, one at the Suit of Catharine Smith, and another at the Suit of William Busby, and detains him in Custody, notu ithstanding toeknows him to be the said Sir Robert s Servant,

in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and: Elections, to examine the Matter of the said -Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Jennings baye Leave to go into the Leave of Country fora Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A i Bill.for toe better Discovery of Estates-given to fu- Estates given perfiatw#s-XVes; -rapda Second, time. *> faperm-

Rejoiced, t,ou* Uses*

14° 3' Martii. A. 1697.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Digby, (Mr England, Mr. Pendarois, Mr. Fuller, Sir

Mr. Hobby, Mr. Rockland, Mr. Mr. Wharton,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Granville, Mr. Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Archer, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Mason, Mr. Baldwyh, Serjeant Wogan, Sir Phil. Butler, Mr. Norris, Dr. O.venden, Sir Andrews, Mr. Pagitt,

Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Turgis, Mr. Brewer, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. Edward Harley, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir John Phil, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Owen, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Norris, Mr. Wortley, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Sir

Mr. Hamond, Lord Ashley, Mr. Henly, Mr. Barrington, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Blake, Mr. Pocklington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the Petition of William Dockwra and John Freeman, which was ordered to lie upon the Table until the Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee.

to^uperfti-11 A Petition of Thomas Bray, Doctor in Divinity, was tious Ufrs. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Advice and Encouragement of several of the Clergy and Gentry of this Kingdom, the Petitioner, for some Years past, hath made it his Business to promote and propagate the true reformed Religion in Maryland, and other his Majesty's Colonies in America', to perfect which Work, he thinks it adviseable to provide good Books in Divinity, being the most proper Inducements to learned and pious Divines to go over in the Service of the Church, to render them serviceable in their Ministry, when there; the Petitioner, with the Assistance of pious, charitable Persons, having already sent over to the Value of 1,000l. in the most valuable Books in Divinity, to be a Handing Foundation for the promoting Chrillianity in those Parts: That there being a Bill depending in the House for the better Discovery of Estates given to superstitious Uses; and there being (till wanting many necessary Provisions for the completing so great a Work, as the establishing Schools, Sj'C.; he prays, That some Part of the said Estates may be set apart, or some other Provision may be made, for the good Ends and Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That the Overplus of the said Estates discovered, after the Discoverers Share deduced, and the said Petitions considered, be appropriated for the Maintenance of sick and wounded Seamen.

Poor Relief. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom:

And the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

2d Skin, 13 L. after " Certificate," add, " or the " Children of such Person, born in that Parish."

L. 16. for " any," read " a."

L. 17. for " any," read " some."

The First Amendment being read a Second time, 2d Skin, 13 L.;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendment.

And it is referred to Mr. Pagitt, Sir Wliter Young, Mr. Bockland, Mr. W Mr. Palmes, Sir Gerv. Elwes, Sir John Phillips, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Cowper, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. , Mr. Vaughan, Sir 25

John ElwiU, Lord Ashley, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hamond, Mr.

Blake, Sir Robert Cotton', or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

The Second and Third Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir William Rich have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Fourteen Days, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. cafions.

Ordered, That the Lord Fairfax have Leave to go into

he Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. t

Mr. Norris reported, from the Committee of Privileges Privilege, and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Antony Hammond Esquire, by arresting Eliz.

Davis, his menial Servant; and the Resolutions of the said Committee thereupon > which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Complaint made to the House, and referred to the Committee, against John Farmer and Joseph Barrenton, Followers to John Hunt, a Bailiff, for forcing into the House of Antony Hamond Esquire, and arresting Eliz.Davis, his menial Servant, at the Suit of Samuel Hoyle, in Breach of the Privilege of the House;

The Committee have examined the Witnesses, and heard the Parties.

That the First Witness produced was Tho. Davis, Brother to Eliz. Davis who was arrested: Who said, That after his Sifter was arrested (he sent for him, and he found her, locked up in an upper Room at the Ball in Middle-roro, near Holborne Bars, detained as a Prisoner by John Farmer.

And the said Thomas Davis said, That the said John Farmer owned, That he and Joseph Barrenton had arrested her in Mr. Hammond's House, and had brought her thither; and further said, That he knew the said

Eliz.Davis to be Mr. Hammond's Cook-maid; and that Mr. Hammond was a Housekeeper: That when he told the Bailiffs, That Mr. Hammond was a Parliament-man, they said. If he would bail her, (lie might go home with him.

Eliz.Davis, being examined herself, said, She was a Servant to Mr. Hammond by the Year, and hath been lb Three Quarters of a Year: That the Bailiffs watched her coming into her Mailer's House, and called her up-stairs; and then told her they had a Writ against her, and carried her away: And said, She believed they knew her to be Mr. Hammond's Servant, because they staid for her over the Way; and that they kept her an Hour after Ihe told one of the Bailiffs her Mailer was a Parliament-man.

Mr. Hoyle denied, That he knew Mr. Hammond to be a Parliament-man; and took the said Eliz. Davis to be above the Degree of a Servant, having several Houses:

And said, The Debt was contrafted for Law-charges; and Part of it in her Husband's Life-time.

John Farmer and Joseph Barrenton did not deny but they arrested the said Eliz.Davis-, but denied, That they knew Mr. Hamond to be a Member of Parliament; and

set her at Liberty as soon as they were told it: And Barrenton said, He was a common Follower to any Bailiff that would employ him; and Farmer told him at first, when he wqs to arrest her, That (he was a Market-woman:

And, as loon as they knew Mr. Hammond was a Parliament-man, they discharged her, and it coll her nothing.

That the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That JSamuel Hoyle is guilty of a Breach of Privilege, in causing Eliz. Davis, a menial Servant to Antony Hammond Esquire, a Member of this House, to be arrested at his Suit.

Resolved,

Privilege of a Member in a Suit*

i o W. III. Mar. lit. 141

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, came about Five a Clock in the Morning, pretending to privilege of That John Farmer and Joseph Barrenton, Bailiffs Follow- be Servants or Agents to Mr. Owen; and, as the said John a Member era, are guilty of a Breach of Privilege, in arresting Eliz. Parry was opening the Door, one of them pot a Stick w a 5>mt* Davis, a menial Servant to Anthony Hammond Esquire, a between the Door, and forced in upon him, and threw Member of this House, in his own Dwelling-house, at him down; and turned him, and several others that were the Suit of Samuel Hoyle. in the House for Sir Wray, out of Possession,

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second and put the Cattle out of the Grounds,

time, were, upon the Question severally put. thereupon, John Glynn said, He was, on the iff of last,

agreed unto by the House. with the Under-Sheriff, and saw him deliver Possession to

Ordered, That the said Samuel Hoyle be, for the said oneHug LesseeforSir butwasobliged Breach of Privilege, taken into the Custody of the Ser- to give the Under-Sheriff Twenty Guineas, ana a Bond jeant at Arms attending this House. of 5001, to save him harmless.

Ordered, That the said John Farmer and Joseph Bar- That, the 18th of the last Month, he and Hughes went

rent on be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the to Vand Hughes demanded Possession; and Two Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. Men said, They kept Possession for Mr. And he

said, He saw Arthur Owen upon the Horns of the Castle Mr. Norris also reported, from the Committee of Pri- in the Grounds,

vileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Mr. Ja. Foster said, He was concerned in the Exche-

Committee, upon the Petition of Sir Bouchier Wray, the quer for Sir Bouchier Wray; and that he was cautioned.

Lady Salusbury, and the Lady Williams; and upon the by some Agents for Sir Bouchier how he did pro-

Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against Arthur Owen ceed; for his Client did infill upon Privilege: But his Esquire; and the Resolutions of the Committee there- Client brought him the Vote of this House; and then he upon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards deli- proceeded; And that Sir Win. Williams did tell the vered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read j Court, The Defendant was a Member of Parliament, and areas follow; viz. and did inlist upon Privilege; or to that Effect.

That the Petition of Sir Bouchier Wray sets forth a The Counsel for Mr. Owen, in Answer to what had forcible Entry made by Mr. Owen, and his Servants, at been laid on the other Side, called, as Witnesses. Mr.

Two several times, viz. in March and December last, upon Wm. Wynne, and Thomas Davis: But they having been a capital House called Vainoll, deviled by Sir Wm.Wil- charged, by the Petitioner's Witnesses, as acting for Mr.

hams, deceased, to the Petitioner; at the First of which Owen in the Matters complained of; and \Thcmas Davis times, there was carried away several Writings concerning being particularly charged in Sir Bouchier Wray's Peti-the said Estate. tion; and the Counsel declaring. They had no itnesses

To prove the First Part of the said Petition, several but what were under the same Circumstances; the Com-Witnesses were called; viz. mittee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Mr. White, Dorothy Davis, Edward Williams: Who Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, testified. That, in March last. Colonel Owen, with one That the Servants of Arthur Owen Esquire are guilty of Hill the younger, and one William Wynn, and others, the forcible Entry on the 31 of December last, set forth came, and forcibly put out of Possession William White, in the Petition of Sir Bouchier Wray Baronet, who then kept Possession for Mr. Bulkley his Matter, of Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the capital House called Vainoll-, and kept Possession of That Arthur Owen Esquire, in the Matter of the said the personal Estate for Sir Wm. Williams' Executors: forcible Entry and Detainer, ought to have no Privilege That, at the same time, Mr. Owen turned out several of Parliament.

other Servants; and there was carried away Four Trunks, As to the Petition of Dame Jane Salusbury: which, they said, contained Writings. And That it was read in the Committee: and, after Read-

Dorothy Davis laid, When the came back to the ing thereof, the Counsel were ordered to be called in;

House, flic being out when Mr. Owen first came, lhe but nobody appeared to prosecute the fame: And the found Mr. Owen, and several others, in the House; and Committee was of Opinion, That there was no Matter the Cabinet, Elcritoire, anil Dressing-table, in the Lady of Privilege in the said Petition:

Williams' Chamber, broke, which was not so when lhe That the Matters upon the Petition of the Lady Wil-went out. And hams; and also upon the Complaint of Mr. Owen, so far Edward Williams said. That Mr. Owen had caused to as related to Mr. Bulkly and Mr. Wynne, named in the be cut down Thirteen Oaks, Nine Allies; and that said Complaint are accommodated:

Twenty very small Walnut-trees were missing after Mr. So that no Evidence was produced to the Committee,

Owen had taken Possession. And as to those Matters: /

John Parry and John Evans said, That Mr. Owen That the other Persons, that were by Name complained made use of all the Plate, Linen, and Meat and Drink, of, were Charles Monson Esquire, John Evans, and Hugh in the House, and particularly of what was provided for Evans.

the Funeral of Sir William Williams: And that Sir Wm. And, as to them, the Counsel called William Wynne to Williams' Corpse, when brought down into the Country, give an Account how the Possession of Vaenoll was at his Executors had not the Liberty of Vaenoll House to lay first, after the Death of Sir William Williams: But that it in; but made use of the Bishop of Bangor's House for being opposed by the Counsel of the other Side, as that Purpose. And amounting to the Proof of what he was before not ad-

DorothyDavis said, She particularly took notice, That mitted a good Witness to; and thereupon he was waved William Wynn was there, on behalf of Mr. Owen. as to that Point.

As to the other Part of the Petition, that relates to the Then the said Complaint, being against several Persons,

Acting of Mr. Owen's Servants in December last; named in the Order, and others, Mr. Owen inlisted, That they likewise called several Witnesses; viz. Mr. Price was one meant by the Word " others," in

Edward Williams, John Thomas, John Parry :By that Order; and would have examined Mr. Wynne, as to whose Evidence it appeared, That Possession had been some Matters relating to Mr. Price: But, Mr. not delivered by the Sheriff on the ill Day of December last, having any Notice, the Committee were of Opinion, That to the Lessee of Sir Bouchier Wray: And that, the last he ought not then to be admitted as a Witness against Day of the said Month, one John Parry being in the Pof- Mr. Price, or against any other not named in the Order ' fession of the capital House at Vaenoll, to keep Possession of the House, by which the Complaint of Mr. Owen was for Sir Bouchier Wray, about Thirty or Forty Persons; referred to them.

of whom were named by the Witnesses, Wm. Williams, Tho. The Counsel for Mr. Owen then proceeded to give Pritchard, John Evans, Richard Owen, Richard Jones, Evidence against the particular Persons named in the David Lloyd, Tho. Hughes, Eliz. Hughes, Griffith Row- Order: And, for that, they called land, Wm. Ap Evans, Stephen Jones, Edward Stevens, Hugh Morgan: Who pretended at first, he could not Tho. Parry, John Hill, Tho. Davis, and Hugh Morgan-, speak but a Witness being produced against

Vo l. XII. O o him.

t+2 3 — 4 ° MaA. 1697,

him, that proved, he could, he afterwards gave his Evidence in English; which was to tins Effect.

That be heard Mr. Owen's Servants were beaten by Hugh Evans: And Mr. Owen lent a Warrant to him for the Apprehending of the said Hugh; and that Hugh

Evans cocked his Pistol against him, (&nd threatened to kill him; and said, That Mr. Owen was a Hebei; and threatened to cut Sir William William' Head as a CaH's Head.

William Wynn said, That he reckoned himself a menial Servant of Mr. Owen's for Twelve Months past; and was sometimes at Mr. Ozeen's House, and made his Leases, and did other Business for him: That he received Wages from Mr. Owen; but was a practising Attorney: That he distrained one Davis for Rent; and Hugh Evans re-fcued the Distress, and beat Mr. Owen's Servants, and was beaten himself.

Win. Wynne and Richard Owen (kid. That Mr. Wynn was, on the First of September last, going along the Road by Vacnoll, having that Morning distrained; and Mr.

AUmjbn and his Man met him; and Mr. asked

him, What he was going to do; and told him, If he pro* ceeded in that manner, he would put a Brace of Bullets in his Belly; and believed he had done it, but that he was prevented by his Man: And, as to John he said,

That he had procured several Tenants of the Estate in Question to go off from Mr. , and attorn to Sir Bouchier Wray) and had since prosecuted Suits at Law against Mr. Owen.

Upon hearing the Witnesses produced to make good the said Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Mr. Owen, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is no Breach of Privilege proved against Arthur Owen Esquire.

The First Resolution upon the First Report being read a Second time, That the Servants of Arthur Owen Esquire are guilty of the forcible Entry on the 31 ft Day last, set forth in the Petition of Sir Bouchier Baronet;

And the Question being put, That the same be recommitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the }lo6.

Tellers forth. Noes, {&£#£.. }»*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Servants of Arthur Owen Esquire, are guilty of the forcible Entry on the 31 ft Day of December ktft, set forth in the Petition of Sir Bouchier Wray Baronet

The Second Resolution being read a Second tunej

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Arthur Owen Esquire, in the Matter of the said forcible Entry and Detainer, ought to have no Privilege of Parliament

The Resolution upon the Second Report being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That there is no Breach of Privilege proved against Arthur Owen Esquire.

Suppression The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Atheism, tec. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the in-grofled Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppressing of Atheifin, Biafphemy, and Profaneness.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philips reported from the Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may havo Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, rCfotve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill

Ordered \That all Committees be revived. Committe*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 4° die Martii;

10* Gulielmi Tertli*

Praters.

fOHN Brands Fauquier, Jose Ducasse, James

J Sartre, Peter Hugon, Joseph Boit, Luke Henry Gaultier, John Prevost, Nicholas Gabriel

Tahourdin, Robert Calls, John Anthony Lullin, Lawrence Galdii, Stephen Fagett, and Abel took the

Oaths appointed in Order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of the Tanners, Fell-mongers, Leather- Dutiru o» dressers, and other the Dealers in, and Manufacturers of, leather. Leather, within the ancient Town and Borough of Kings-Lynn, in the County of Norfolk, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather, being lb excessive high, is not only a great Discouragement to the Petitioners, but also a great Hindrance to the Consumption of Leather, and tends to the Impoverishing of many Persons: And praying that the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That tire Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell mongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and principal Petition from Inhabitants, of the Town of Bridgwater in the County Bridgwater, of Somersett, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Palmer and Mr. Hunt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Bamaby Brntell Gentleman was presented Resumptioa to the House, and read; setting forth. That Justin of Grant*.

harty, for Two hundred Pounds paid him by Christopher Davenport in 1687, mortgaged to the said Davenport all his Lands in Ireland, of about 70 /. per j

which Mortgage was in Trust for Francis under whom the Petitioner claims as Administrator: And praying, That he may have a laving Clause in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; for lb much Money as is Specified in the Mortgage-deed, with Interest.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Richard Talbott Esqifire was presented to Ditto, the House, and read; feting forth, That he is a Protestant, and was no-ways concerned in the Rebellion in Ireland, yet he was outlawed for Treason; but the same was reveried by the King's Order: And praying. That the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and Other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688, may not prejudice the said Reveifal.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said BHl is committed.

A Petition of John Dwight was presented to the House, Duty om

and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner has, with Stone, &c. much Charge and industry, invented, and set up at Fulham, fevertrl Manufactures of Clay into Pots, in greater Perfection and Variety than ever was in England, or anywhere selfe: That the Petitioner was attempting further Improvements* till the Imposition for laying a Duty upon

Stone

io W. III. 4°- — 5 Martii. 143

Stohe and Earthen-wdfes discotrt&ged him from going on in Search of new Arts, or cultivating those he had found out: And praying, That he tnay be considered, and his Art encouraged.

Ordered, That the Confederation Of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Lewin'* Mr. Bromley reported from the Committee, to whom

Estate. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Lewin to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts, wras committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table, y

Barlow's A Petition of FaithHcneage Widow, and of Tho.

Eftats. eage £fqUire> Grandmother, and Brother, unto Dame Winifred, now Wife of Sir George Barlow Baronet, in behalf of themselves, and other Relations of the said Dame Winifred, was presented to the House, relating to the Bill for the better Management of the Estate of Sir George Barlow Baronet, during his Minority; and for Payment of Debts and Legacies the same is chargeable with; and to enable the said Sir George, and Dame his Wife,

to fell an Estate in the County of and, in lieu

thereof, to settle an Estate in the County of Pembroke.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Questiou being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Leave «f Ordered, That Sir Robert Smith have Leave to gp into

Absence. the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

whole House, to whom the Sill for settlibg the Trade to Africa is committed.

Ordered, That the Bill to explain and fe6tify an Act Relief of for Relief of Creditors, by making Competition with Creditors, their Debtors, in case Two-Thirds in Number and Value do agree, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, le- Way* and solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*, consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Means for raising the feme.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton repotted from the said Committee,

'that they had made a further Progrefo in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbaii, 5° die M; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

*fACOB GilesZinck, Adrian Lernmlt, Janies La*

J mouche, Thomas Thomas, Stephen Fagett, Francis Varigand, Mary Martha Lernoult, David Francis Andrews, Elias Dupuy, Claudes Fenrtereaii, John Hanett, Lewis Augier, John Chefelyn, and Isaac Hoguett, took the Oaths appointed in Order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Blofdld, Mr. Tay- Servants of lor, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Phillips, be Ch*. 11.

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of King Charles the lids Servants is referred.

Copper Ordered, That Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Bickerstajf,

Coinage. sir Rowland Gwyrm, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Granville, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. AfMr. Neale, Mr. Mason, Sir Wm. Couper, Mr. Pud fey, Mr. Sir Tho. Tra-

vell, Mr. Lowther, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, Preferred.

Estate* given Ordered, That Mr. Freeman, Sir Cha. Raleigh, Sir to superstiti- Geo. Fletcher, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Chafe, ous Uses. Mi\ Gardner, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Kirby, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of Estates given to superstitious Uses is committed.

Colchester Sir Isaac Rebow, according to Order, presented to the ChayneL House a Bill to cleanse, and make navigable, the Channel from the Heith at Colchester to: And the fame

was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Escapes of A Bill for the more effectual Relief of the Creditors in Debtors. Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols: was read the Firsttime; and, because it was brought in with Penalties, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

African The House being informed, That the Secretary of foe

Company's Rovai African Company attended with such Things as a er, c. House had ordered to be laid before them;

He w as called in: And, set the Bar, delivered in to the House the Charter of the Company, and Bbok of Bylaws; and a List of the Names of foe Members of foe Company.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the Cortsideration of the said Charter, Book, and Lift, be referred to the Committee of the Vol. XII.

Ordered, That all foe Members that serve for the Ankbolm Counties of Rutland and Nottingham be added to the Drainage. Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Anderson,

and others, the Lords of several Manors, and Freeholders, within the Level of Ankholme, in the County of is referred.

A Petition of Frederick, Letitia, and Eliz. Porter, Resumption Children of Sir Charles Porter, late Lord Chancellor of of Grants. Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in regard to the Petitioners Father's sudden Death, and Compassion to the Petitioners, his Majesty was pleased to grant the Petitioners, for their Support, an Estate in Fee, of Four hundred Pounds per Annum, over and above Incumbrances and Quit-rents; ftnee which Grant the Petitioners have received no Benefit thereby, and many Incumbrances have ftnee appeared thereon; lo that the feme will amount to but little more than Half what was intended: And praying, That the BiH in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, ftnee the 13th Day of February 1688, may not aftefit the said Grant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Colonel Robert Wolsley, and Captain Dittv. Richard Wolsley, for, and on the Behalf of, Mary Neville Widow, Dorothy Wolsley, Spinster, and William Wolsley an Infant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty, for the many Services of Brigadier Wm. Wolsley, was pleased to promise him 1,000l. a Year of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; and, in ptir-fuance thereof, did grant him 371 /. per Aurncm for Twenty-one Years; and the Thousand Pounds a Year was intended to the Brigadier, and las Heirs; but he, dying before it could be effected, by his last Will devised all his Estate to foe Petitioners Robert and Richard, in

Trust

144 5* Martiu . 1697.

Trust for his Family; but, by the Bill in the House for Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in

vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, for- land, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

feited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688, Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition

his Majesty's said Bounty is like to be destroyed: And be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to

praying a laving Clause as to the Three hundred and whom the said Bill is committed.

Seventy-one Pounds per Annum; and that the Grant

may be made good as to the 1,0001, per Annum. A Petition of Michael Moor, in behalf of himself, and Rerumptio*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition others comprised within the Articles made upon the Sur- of Gnuit* be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to render of Drogheda, was presented to the House, and

whom the said Bill is committed.

ltelumption A Petition of James Fitz-Gerald Esquire, Counsellor

of Grants. aj. LaW) was presented to the House, and read setting forth, That the Petitioner was an Inhabitant in Limerick at the time of the Surrender thereof, and conceives himself comprised in the Articles; and applied to the Council-Board at Dublin, and proved his Qualification; but it was objected, That the Petitioner had before taken Quarters and Protection of the English; and lb he was thought not within the Articles, though it is contrary to the plain Sense and Letter of the Second Article: That the Petitioner is outlawed, and his Estate seized, though he was never in Arras, nor bore any Office, under the late King James: And praying, That his same may be considered, and his Grievances redressed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; is committed.

DiK®. A Petition of Major Christopher Wray was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That he has served his Majesty ever since his Accession to the Crown: That he is Son and Heir to his Mother, who had an Estate of Inheritance in Ireland, which is now seized into his Majesty's Hands, on the Forfeiture of the Petitioner's Father: That he petitioned the King for a Lease of the said Lands, ataneafy Rent; who referred it to the Lords Justices of Ireland:And praying an Exception of the said Estate in the Bill before the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Maurice Armesly Esquire was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty was pleased, in Consideration of his Losses in Ireland, to grant the Petitioner to the Value of Two thousand Pounds, out of the Forfeitures contained in a Schedule annexed to the Petition, or out of such Forfeitures as he should discover: And praying, That his said Grant may not be prejudiced by the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Inland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ditto. A Petition of Thomas Lacye, Patrick Sarsfield, and

William Gabwey, in behalf of themselves, and others intitled to the Benefit of Declarations, Proclamations, and ' Protections, published and given during the late War in Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the King's Declaration of the 22d of February 1688, a full Indemnity, and Enjoyment of their Estates, was promised to all that should, before the 10th of April then next, submit themselves to this Government; which they did as loon as they could, and took the Oath of Fidelity; and yet they have been outlawed, though they never were concerned in the Wars in Ireland: And praying, That the publick Faith may be made good, and Provision made for the Petitioners against the said Outlawries, by the Bill in* the House for vacating all 23

read; setting forth. That, by the said Articles of the 3d of July 1690, it was agreed, That the Roman Catholick Dwellers of that Town should not be molested in their Properties; and accordingly they have hitherto enjoyed their Estates, which are not above 3001, per Annum, though they are outlawed contrary to the said Articles:

And praying a saving Clause for the Petitioners may be inserted in the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

m

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Importing for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing ^"ne'ijca» the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle- c‘ work, Point, and Cut-work, without any Amendments:

Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Earl of Mac-dissolving the Marriage between Charles Earl of AJacc/es- ^iflMs feild and Anne his Wife; and to illegitimate the Children ,vorce* of the said Anne: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Allb,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Gardner^ rectify a Millake in the Marriage-Settlement of William Marriage. Gardner Esquire: To -which they desire the Concurrence Settlement* of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle Newcaftla upon Tyne with fresh Water was, according to Order, Water-work*, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William Blackett, Mr. Mountague, Sir Wm. Bowes, Sir Wm. -riton, Sir Wm.Hustler, Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Henry Colt,

Lord Irwyn, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr.

Norris, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Mr. Brotherton, Sir Robert Burton, Mr. England, Sir Wm. York, Mr. Price, Sir Henry Hobart, Sir John Kay,

Mr. York, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Perry, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Colt, Mr. Lambton, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Sir Geo. Hunger-ford, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Hammond, Sir John Phillips,

Mr. St. John, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Machell, Mr. Osborne:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

A Bill to cleanse, and make navigable, the Chanel Colchester from the Hithe at Colchester to Wrvenhoo, was, according Channel, to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight

Mr. Secretary Vernon presented to the House the Arti- Articles of cles upon the Surrender of Limerick: Limerick.

And a Copy of the Articles upon the Surrender of Galway:

And of his Majesty's Declarations to the Rebels in Ireland, of the t ft of July, and ill of August, 1690:

And of General Ginckell's Declaration for calling in the Irish; referring to a Proclamation of the Lords Justices, of the 7th of July 1691, offering large Conditions to those that should come in.

And the Titles of them were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Articles,

and

Earl of Mac-

cleitield's

Divorce.

Privilege — a Petition for Discharge*

Privilege of a Member in a Suit,

Leave of Absence.

Poor Laws*

Conference desired with Lords.

Salmon Pre-fervatioa.

Timber in New Foreit

jo W. III.

and Declarations be referred to tlfe Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in since the

13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Public; is committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage between Charles Earl of Macclesfield and June his Wife; and to illegitimate the Children of the said June; be read the First time, upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of Samuel Hoyle, Scrivener, in custody of the Serjeant at Arms, for a Breach of Privilege against Antony Hammond Esquire, a Member of this House, was presented to the House, and read; acknowleging his Offence, and begging Pardon for the same: And praying to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said Samuel Hoyle be brought to the Bar, upon Monday Morning, in'order to his Dil'charge.

MS

whole House, to whom the said Bill was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee thereunto; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, all but one, which was disagreed unto, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Money for the Expences of the Inclosures be paid out of the Exchequer*

And the fume was twice read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to free the Borderers upon the Foreit from Trespasses:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

O

50 — 76 Martii.

A Petition'of Robert Bidlock Esquire; Benj. Sterry

Gentleman, and Anne his WifeClare Windham Gentleman, and Catharine his Wife; Daughters and Orphans of John Wall Esquire, deceased; was presented to the House:

And the same relating to S\r Eduard Seymour, a Member of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until Sir Edward Seymour shall attend in his Place: And that the same be then read.

Ordered, That Mr. Fowndcs have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House being informed, That the Treasurer of the Russia Trad* Russia Company attended, with such things as the House had ordered to be laid before them;

He was called in; at the Bar delivered in to the House the Book of Bye-laws and Orders; and also an Account of what Wroollen Manufactures they and their Members have exported for the last Seven Years.

And then withdrew.

And the Titles thereof were read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Books and Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House* to whom the Sill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia is committed.

Mr. Pagitt reported from the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to one of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying some Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons do not agree to the Lords Amendment, Press 2. L. 13. after " Certificate," add " or the Children of such Person, born in that Parish;" Because, the Children of Persons coming into a Parish by Certificate may, as well as any other Person whatlocver, intitle themselves, as the Law now Hands, to Settlement in the said Parish, by being either bound Apprentices, or hired Servants, by the Year there: And the Commons therefore think it not reasonable they should be debarred of such Privilege; which they will certainly lose, if the said Amendment be agreed to*

Resolved, That a Conference bedefired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Paget do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom, was committed, be made upon Wednesday Morning Qext.

The House being informed, That the Petitioners, and Counsel, attended, to be heard upon the Bill for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton;

They were called in; and heard at the Bar accordingly: And also several Witnesses were examined.

And then the Petitioners, and Counsel, and Witnesses, withdrew.

And Mr. Smith reported, from the Committee of the Vox. XII*

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Ditto, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,-to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for the further securing the Freedom of Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament Eleaions. be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Supply Bill; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, vacating to consider further of the Bill for vacating all Grants of D«land.m Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Bill to lower the Interest of Money Interest of be read upon this Day Month. Money,

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

LrnuEy T die Martii; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

jyAvid Martin, Noah Houfaii, Peter Albert, Lewie Costard, Peter Canche, Hemy Albert, and John Jaumard, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their

Naturalization.

A Petition of the Wardens and Freemen of the Com- Ayre and pany of Weavers, within the Borough of Kirkby Kendall, Calder Navi-in the County of Westmoreland, was presented to the 8atwn* House, and read; setting forth. That, for many Ages past, there has been managed, in the said Borough, a great Trade of making coarse Woollen Cloths, called Linfetts, to the Support of many poor People: That, being 200 Miles from London, the Land-carriage comes to 28 per Pack, which greatly discourages their Trade: And praying, That the Bill in the House for making the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the County of York, navigable,

P p may

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Privilege — a person reprimanded and dit-charged.

Duties on Leather.

Lewens

Eiiate.

Matter's

EAate.

Challoner's

Complaint.

Petition from Altcar.

Earl of Macclesfield's Divorce.

>46 70 Martii. ^.1697.

toay pass; and then their feid Goods may thereby be conveyed to London at least 16 s. Pack cheaper, (haa tiow.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Cheefcmongers, and Corn-Mer-' chants, within the City of Lo was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That they have a great Trade, from York, for Butter and Com, which is brought from thence by Water: But if the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of YorkK be made navigable, as is designed

by a Bill depending in this House, they will drain away most Part of the Water flowing to York, which is now only navigable at Spring-tides, m Summer time; and so the said Trade will be ruined: And praying, That the said Bill may not pals into an Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Samuel Hoyle, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege against Anthony Hammond Esquire, a Member of this House, was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Hoyle be discharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, and other Persons, occupying and trading in Leather, in the ancient Borough of Anmdell, in the County of Sussex, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is very prejudicial to Traders therein j and will, if continued, ruin the Petitioners, and their Families: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom die Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Feilmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Leiven to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Stremsham Masters Esquire, to fell Lands in Kent,

'which were agreed to be settled by his Articles of Marriage; and to convey Lands in Derbyshire, of a greater Value, to the same Uses: And that Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of William Challoner Gentleman is referred, have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

A Petition of the Refiants and Inhabitants of the Town of Altcar, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, being offered to the House:

And the Question being put. That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the Marriage between Charles Earl of Macclesfield and Ann his Wife; and to illegitimate the Children of the said Ann; was read the tirft time.

24

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Hunt have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absenc*.

Sir William Ashurst reported from the Committee, to Slater'., fecv

whom the Bill to enable Paris Slater and William Druce,

Merchants, to import several Bales of fine Italian Thrown- 1 Silk from Amsterdam into this Kingdom, was committed.

That they had examined and considered the fame, and the Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Drake have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absenc*.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Lyddall have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Pocklington, according to Order, presented to the Escapes of House a Bill for the further Relief of Creditors, in Cafes Debtor*, of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols: And the feme was received.

Sir Henry Colt reported, from the Committee, to whom Army the Petition of Mr. Francis Molyneux was referred, the Arrears Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, upon the Petition of William Lake; the Consideration whereof was referred to the said Committee; and the Refelution of the Committee thereupon; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is Os followeth; vix.

That the Petitioner did not appear:

That one Daniel Collins, who is a common Agent for the Petitioners, acquainted the Committee, That the said Mr. Lake cannot attend this Committee by Day-light, for fear of an Arrest.

That the Committee proceeded to examine Colonel Pounell, named in the Petition; who came from Lincolne, on Purpose to answer the Complaint against him; and

Produced a Discharge, in full, of all Arrears due to the 'etitioner, for Service in Ireland, attested by Two Witnesses; one whereof attended at the Committee.

And that, upon the w hole Matter, the Committee came to the Refelution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Petition is groundless and vexatious.

The feid Refelution being read a Second time:

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Refelution, That the said Petition is ground left and vexatious.

Mr. Pagitt reported to the House, That he having, Poor Law*, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying feme Defects in the Laws, for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom; the Lords do agree to a Conference presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew up the Reafens to be offered at the Conference, do manage tile Conference.

And they went to the Conference. Conference

And, being returned; with LonU.

Mr. Pagitt reported, That they had given the LorcU' the Reafens for disagreeing to one of the Amendments to the said Bill; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

A Message

ioW.III. 7° Martii. 147

desire A Message from the Lords, by Sir John k Conference, gjr John Hosiyns i

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Eli|uire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That Lord Marquis of Hartington, Sir Hobart, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. , Lord Ashley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. , Sir Rowland

Kir. Mar daunt, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Etterick, Mr. How, Mr. Smith, Lord Spencer, Mr. Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Newport, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Loicndes, Mr. Clark, Sir Williams, Sir Wm.

St.Quint in, Mr. Norris, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir John Walter, Sir Wm. Trumball Mr. Colt, Mr. Price, Sir Chr. Musgrooe, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Jekyll, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Harley, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Chafe, Lord Irwyn, do manage the said Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Conference The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported the Con-with Lords, ference: And that it was managed by the Lord Rochester;

who acquainted them, That the Lords had desired the said Conference, for preserving of a good Correspondence between the Two Houses: And that the Lords, having entered upon the Consideration of the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contrive-ing and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills; which they received from the Commons; and having read it the First time, and ordered it a Second, on Friday next; as allb having appointed the said Mr. Duncomb to be heard by his Coun-fel the same Day, according to Ins Petition, to that Effect; do observe, that the Matters of Fast, suggested in the said Bill, as the Ground and Foundation upon which it seems to have proceeded in the House of Commons, not appearing sufficiently before the Lords, their Lordships have desired this Conference, That they may have the Assistance of the Commons, in laying the State of the said Matters of Fast more fully before their Lordships.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Royal A (Tent A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy-to Bill#. Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, for granting to his Majesty certain Duties . upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry.

An Act for satisfying and discharging the Arrears of several Annuities, which incurred between the 17th Day of May 1696, and the 1 "th Day of May 1697.

An Act that all Retailers of Salt shall fell by Weight.

An Act for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needle-work, Point, and Cut-work.

An Act to prevent the Throwing and Firing of Squibs, Serpents, and other Fire-works.

An Act for enabling Simon Lord Bishop of Ely, and his Successors, to leule the Manor-house, and Demelnc-

Vol. XII.

lands of Dotmham, in the Isle of Fly; and for confirming a Lease, lately thereof made by foe laid Bishop; and for clearing the said Bishop, and others, from Dilapidations there.

An Act to enable Sir Francis Guibon and Dame Ifa-bella his Wife, and their Trustees, to fell the Manor of Avenalls, and other Lands, in or near in tho

County of Norfolk; and for settling other Lands, in lieu thereof.

An Act for naturalizing Gerard Maefaeker, and others.

An Act to enable Rebecca Lassells, Widow', to fell Copyhold Lands and Houses in Ealing, in foe County of

Middlefer.

An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands of George Farrington Esquire, lying in the Counties of Middlesex and Surry, settled upon foe Marriage of William Farrington, his Nephew; and, with the Money arising the reby, for purchasing of other Lands in Lancashire, where the ancient Estate of foe Family lies, to be settled to foe same Uses.

An Act to enable foe Trustees of William Knott Gentleman, and his Wife, to fell a Lease of Houses in Bread-street, London, for Payment of Debts; and to settle another Estate, of better Value, in lieu thereof.

An Act to enable Thomas Kymiersly Esquire, an Infant, to make a Jointure and Settlement of his Estate.

An Act for naturalizing Dudly Vejey, an Infant

An Act to enable John Lewen to fell certain Messuages in Southuark, for Payment of Debts.

A Complaint being made to the House of a printed Privilfge — Paper, dispersed abroad, intituled, " Mr. Duncomb's Cafe," libellous reflecting upon the Proceedings of this House; cation.

One of which Papers was produced, and delivered in at foe Table; and there read;

Resolved, That a printed Paper, intituled, " Mr. Duncomb's Cafe," is false, scandalous, and malicious; and highly reflecting upon foe Proceedings of this House, and foe Honour of the Commons, in Parliament afrembled.

Ordered, That foe said printed Paper be burnt, by foe Hands of foe common Hangman, upon Saturday Morning next, in foe Palace-Yard: And that the Sheriffs of London and Middlesex do fee the feme performed.

Sir John Phillipps, according to Order, presented to Suppression foe House a Bill for the more effectual foppressing Bluf- Profaenefe, phemy and Profaneness: And foe feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second time upon

Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Edward Seymour attending in his Place: Privilege of a

The Petition relating to him was read; setting forth. Member in a That Sir Edward Seymour, in 1660, became bound to Smt John Wall, for Payment of 10 61.in August 1661: That,

Wall dying, his Executors could obtain no Satisfeftion; but, Administration being granted to the Petitioners, they obtained Judgment on foe Bond in 1688; but cannot further proceed, because Sir Edward Seymour infills on his Privilege: And praying a Liberty to proceed at Law against him, notwithstanding his Privilege.

To which Sir Edward Seymour was heard.

A Bill for regulating the Militia was, according to Militia Order, read a Second time. Regulation.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of foe whole House, to consider of foe laid Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Accounts relating to the Militia of this Kingdom, which were laid before this House, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning

Punishing Burton and Knight.

Regulating

Elections.

African

Trade.

Resumption of Grants.

Privilege of a Witness.

Merchandise not to be imported in King's Ships.

148 7* — 8"

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bills f or punishing Burton Gentleman, and John Knight Esquire.

Ordered, That the Bill for the further regulating Elec* tions of Members to serve in Parliament, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning uext.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 8* die; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

PftAtERS.

A PET ITIO N of John Merchant, in

behalf of himself, and others, comprised within the Articles made upon the Surrender of the City of Waterford, in Inland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Articles, upon Debate before the King and Council, were ratified under the Great Seal of England; and accordingly the Petitioners, being Four in all, have enjoyed their Estates without being outlawed: But by the Bill depending in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, finoe the 13th Day of February 1688, the Petitioners are in Danger of being deprived of the Benefit of the said Articles, as to their Estates: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill for their Security.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of David Hunter was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being to attend a Committee of this House, on Friday last in the Afternoon, upon a Petition of him, and others, against his Captain, Antony Duncomb, was that Morning arrested by his said Captain, in a Fob Action, for 501, and carried to Neicgate, where he now remains; on purpose to take off the Petitioner's Information; he being the principal Person to lay open the ill Practices of his said Captain: And submitting the same to the Consideration of the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Colt, Mr. Speke, Sir Fra. MaMr. Duke, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Gwynne, Sir William Lowther, Sir

Marm. Wivelt, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Mountague,

Mr. Brotherton, Mr. White, Sir Mr.

Mountsteven, Mr. Harrison, Mr. John, Mr. Clark, Mi. Farrer, Mr. Watlington, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Blofeild, Colonel Kirkby, Sir John Bodes, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Taylor, Mr. England, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Norris, Mr. Molesworth, Colonel Perry, Sir John Philips, Mr. Yates, Mr. Mr. Cart-

wright: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to feud for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent any of the Captains of the King's Ships, Yachts, or other Vessels, or any other Persons who receive the Kii>g's Pay, to import, or bring over from beyond Sea, any Goods or Merchandize: And that Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Bolles, S\rJ<feph Herne, and Mr. Colt, do prepare, and firing m, the Bill.

Martii. A. 1697.

Sir Rowland Gwynn reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Taylor, and others, Inhabitants of the Tower Hamlets, was referred, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Mr. John Dorrell was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, upon the said Petition of the said Mr. Dorrell; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Mr. John Dorrell:

That, to prove the Lending of the Money for the fub-sifting the Regiment, Mr. Dorrell produced

Mr. John Brograve: Who said, That, about March last, Mr. Dorrell told him, That he had supplied Mr. Maddox, Agent to Colonel s Regiment, with

Money to subsist the said Regiment: And that Mr. Maddox had given him the Officers Receipts, for what he paid them, as a Security to him:

That, about that time, Mr. Maddox and Mr. Dorrell met at his, the said Mr. Brograve's, House; where he proposed a Bond to be given from Mr. Maddox to Mr. Dorrell, as a corroborating Security, with the Receipts given Mr. Maddox by the Officers; and told him. That the Officers were privy to the Borrowing of it:

That there was no other Person present, but his own Son, when Mr. Maddox and Mr. Dorrell met at his House; but his Son was not produced as a Witness.

Mr. Maddox laid, That he never told any of the Officers, that he borrowed the Money for the Subsistence of the Regiment:

That Mr. Dorrell and himself did not agree when the Money should be paid, that he borrowed of him; but laid, He did not doubt but that he should pay the same in Three Weeks time:

That he could not pals his Accounts without the Receipts.

But it appeared, That the Assignments of the Receipts were entered on such a Part of the several Papers, as that they might be cut off without prejudicing the Receipts.

Mr. Dorrell desired, That several Officers of the Regiment might be examined, touching their being privy to the Lending the Money: But they all severally denied their Knowlege of it

And thereupon Colonel Colembine produced a Contra®-, made with the Agent, to supply the Regiment with Money; so that the Agent being obliged thereunto, he did not inquire how he procured it: And that he did not know of the Agent's borrowing this Money of Mr. Dorrell; but, the Regiment being in great Straights for Money in Southwark, he required the Agent to provide Money for them:

That Mr. Dorrell not attending the Service in Flanders, his Majesty disposed of his Commission to his Son.

As to Mr. Dorrell's being broke, and his Commission disposed of;

Said, He told Mr. Dorrell, He must go over to Flanders.

And produced the following Witnesses, to justify the lame:

Captain Temple said, That he went to Mr. Dorrell from the Colonel, to know if he intended to go into Flanders with the Regiment: He then said, He would consider of it. And going to him again, in a Fortnight after, upon the same Account, Mr. Dorrell said, He would give the Colonel an Answer himself.

That he cleared Mr. Dorrell's Accounts to the very Day they embarked^, being the 29th of May 1697.

That Mr. Dorrell was on board the Transport-Ship; — loon after went alhore for London; and left the Regiment.

Major Massam, — That he went to the Colonel to alK Leave for Mr. Dorrell's Stay; and the Colonel told him, He would not give him an Hour's time.

Mr. Cannock said, That Mr. Maddox told him, He

would

Army Debts,

10 W. III.

8° Mat

14$

Army

Arrears.

would help him to carry Arms in the Army, if he would Witness against Mr. Dwell.

Captain Gwillam laid, That he brought a Man to his

Colonel, by Mr. Dorell's Content, to buy his Commission; hut the Colonel told him, He did not buy it, and should not fell it.

Captain Goodwinsaid, That, Two or Three Days be-

fore the Regiment was to embark, the Colonel told Mr. Dorrell',in his Hearing, That, if he would not go over with him into Flanders, he would pvofecute him as a Deserter, as far as the Law would permit: And this the Colonel bid him take notice olj that he might be able to witness it.

Mr. Robert Rhodes said, That Mr. Dorrell contented to fell his Commission to him for 60 Guineas.

Captain Johns'on said, That Mr. Dorrell consented to

fell his Commission; but the Colonel refused to let him. Lieutenant Read laid, That Mr. Dorrell told him in Flanders, That, if he got into England, he would return no more thither.

Mr. Dorrell affirmed, That he had been threatned, that, after this Examination was over, he should be prosecuted as a Deserter:

And called several Witnesses to prove it; who denied, that ever they heard lb.

But the Colonel said, He might be prosecuted as a Deserter; and deserved it.

That all the Officers were examined; and denied their being privy to Mr. Dorr ell's lending the said Money for the Use of the Regiment.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Refutations: Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tins Committee, That the Money said to be due from Colonel to Mr. John Dorrell, as set forth in his Petition, is not due from the said Colonel, but from the Agent as

appeared by his Bond; and was borrowed of the said Mr. Dorrell, without Colonel Colombine'sKnowledge or Privity. Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Dorrell deserved to lole his Commission; and had no Grounds of Complaint against Colonel

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Rosse s Regiment was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Fauquier's, A Bill for naturalizing John Francis Fauquier, Joseph *c. Nat. jyu Casse, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Colt, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Colt, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Dolbin,

Mr. Duke, Mr. F adding ton, Mr. Non'is, Mr.

stevens, Mr. Clark, Sir Mr. Blqfeild,

Mr. Bridges, Mr. Taylor, Sir Jekyll, Mr. Gardner, Sir Ra. Dutton, Mr. England, Mr. Mr. Guy,

Mr. Whitaker, Colonel Pern/, Mr. St. John, Mr. Moly-veux, Sir Wm.Lerxther, Sir Wm. Honyxcood, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Phillips, Sir 7 Roberts, Mr. Chafe, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Morris, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Gery, Mr. Foley, Sir Jof. Heme, Mr. MAir. Sir Scroop Haw, Mr. Foley, Mr. Rider, Mr. Fuller, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Sir Mann. Mr. Mr.

Lambton, Sir John Ehiill, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Sand-ford: And they are to meet Tomorrow in the Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they take care to leave out of the said Bill such Persons as they shall find have been guilty of Smuggling of Goods.

Gardiner's An ingrossfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Marriage to rectify a Mistake in the Marriage-Settlement of Wil-$cul«ment. % am Qardiner Esquire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

to the House a Bill for the Continuance of a former Act, Hiri fun's Bay for confirming to the Hudsons Bay Company their Privi- Company, leges and Trade: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John have Leave Leave of to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extra- Absence* ordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Prevention of prevent all Gaming: And that Air. Bofcawen and Mr. Gami, S* Arnold do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Seamen's whom the Petitions of the Officers and Seamen of the Arreari*

Ships taken as Prizes are referred, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Sir Steph. Evans, Mr. Mountstecens, Copper Air.- Lowndes, Mr_ Mountague, Mr. Jenkins, Lord Coinage. Digby, Mr. Mitchell, Sir Math. Andrews, be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Checfemongers, Afealmen, Bakers, Market-People, and Retailers, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred.

A Bill to explain and rectify the Act for Relief of Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in Creditors, case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And the Question being put, that the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Rejohed, That the Bill be rejected.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to repeal the said Ditto.

Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree: And that Air. Dolben and Air. Shane do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of George Et/tytis Esquire was presented to Privilege of a the House, and read; setting forth, That about 14 Member in a Years since, the Petitioner demised several Messuages, Suit'

Lands, and a Chalk-clift, in the County of Kent, to Edward Brent, Esquire, a Afemberjof this House; who* about Seven Years since, contrafted for the absolute Purchase of the said Premises, with other Lands; and has, ever since, been in the Possession thereof j and receives the Profits, without paying any. Rent, or the Purchase-monpy agreed to be paid, or any Intenest for the feme: And praying, That the Petitioner may have Liberty to liie the said Air. Brent, notwithstanding his Privilege, for the Purchase-money; or else that he may deliver Pofiession of the said Estate to the Petitioner, and make Satisfaction for the Damages done touching the feme.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into d ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Means, the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; and of Ways and Aleans for raffing the feme.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dhrested him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Edward Harley, according to Order, presented Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Alorning, Vo JL. XII. Q q take

>5°

8" — 9" Marin. 1697.

Report take into Consideration the Report from the Conference with the Lords Yesterday, upon the Subject-matter of o/ith Lords. the intituled, An Act for the punishing Charles

Dunconib Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

Land Tax. |ng nextj refoive itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax,- for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning,. Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 9° die Martii;

jo* Gulielmi Tertii.

P R A Y £ A S<

Wool- A PETITION of the Clothiers within the Borough

bro£ger6, &c IX. of Kidderminster, in the County of Worcester, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Staple-Trade of Cloathing, in their Parts, is very much decayed, occasioned by the Exportation of our Wool, and by a general Liberty now taken by many Persons, called Wool-broggers, who wind and mix Wool of divers Countries together; which, occasions faulty Cloth to be made, and is a general Mischief to the whole Kingdom: And praying, That a Law may be made to prevent the like Mischiefs for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade of England and and how to make the

Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

Privilege of a A Petition of the Honourable Eliz. Harvey, Widow

Member in a and Relifit of John Hary Esquire, deceased, was pre-Suit. lented to the House:

And the same relating to John Harvey Esquire, a Member of this House; who not being in the House: Ch'dered, That the said Mr. Ha/vey do attend in his Place, upon Friday Morning next: And that the Petition be then read.

Iri<h A Petition of George , Alexander Wood, Roger

Arrears. Hud/on Corporal, William Cox private Centinel, and

others, belonging to the Regiment of Foot, raised first by the Earl of Kingston, after commanded by Lieutenant Douglas, fmee by Colonel Row, and now by Colonel Brudenall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have considerable Sums of Money due to them for their Subsistence in Ireland, and elsewhere; but are now disbanded, far from their native Countries, friendless, and moneyless: That they have besought Colonel Brudnall to have their Accounts stated; but he refuses to do it; tho' he is going into Ireland very speedily: And praying the Relief of this House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Arnold, Sir Sam.

Mr. Colt, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Palmes, Sir John Bolls, Mr.. Heveningham, Mr. How, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Henly, Mr. Stevens, Colonel TreUrwny, Sir Scroop How, Mr. Kirkby, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Mr. Bockland, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Blake, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Marm. Sir Henry

Colt, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Moor, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Clark, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. L Mr.: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for LUrlip repairing the Highways between Burlip and the City of Gloucester: And that Mr. Try and Mr. do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of several Soldiers of the Three French Petition from Regiments of Foot, who have served in the lait WTar of *,*"cb Ireland, was offered to the House: 0 ‘J*er*‘

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received:

It palfed in the Negative.

A Bill to prevent Abuses in Weights and Measures, Weights and was read the Second time. Measurw.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

So it palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Raleigh have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. A Mem*.

Ordered, That Mr. Holt have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sir William Bowes, according to Order, reported from Salmon Pre-the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Increase and servation. Preservation of Salmon, and the Fry of Salmon, in the Rivers of this Kingdom, was committed, That they had considered the fame, and the Petitions to them referred; and had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except Clause B, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time, That the Bill shall not extend to any Weir or Dam upon the Rivers of Levin, Steerfpoole, Lcine, Wyre, or Ribble, in the County of Lancaster, nor any Water running into any of the said Rivers;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It palfed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Bill shall not extend to any Mill-dams or Weirs on any of the Rivers within the Counties of and Southampton:

And the Clause was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It palfed in the Negative.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed; '

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

.ers for «he Yeas,}.»6,

Tellers for thoN^r;Ste&r/, j ,43.

So it palfed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

The House, according to the Order of the Day pro-. Conference celled to take into Consideration the Report of the — Punishinf Conference with the Lords, upon Monday last, upon the ^uncoinb-Subject-matter of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed, upon the

. Debate

/Sir Henry Colt, j _q

I, Mr. Whitaker:

/Sir Eliah Harvey, / Q

/Sir John El wilt: 9*'

i o W. III. 90 — 10° Martii. 151

ft

Debate of the House, to state the Matters of Fact, on which the BUI to punish Mr. was grounded, in

order to be delivered to the Lords at a Conference on the Subjefil-matter of the last Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Mountague, I/>rd Cavendish, Lord Marquis Ilartington, Mr. Manly, Sir

Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Rich. Onslmo, Mr. Mr.

IP barton, Mr. Clark, Mr. Mr.

Sir Robert Rich, Mr SloaMr Sir Herbert

Crofts, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hcnly, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. Lord

Spencer, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Conyers, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Bromley, Sir John Elwill, Mr. Pelham, Sir Wm. Loxvther, Mr. Henley, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Morgan, Sir John Mamvaring, Mr. Cox, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Palmes, Sir Godfry Copley, Mr. Booth, Mr. Harnond: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Leave to fit during the Sitting of the House.

Suppftffing Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual sup-&rc° nene s' pressing Blasphemy and Profanenefe be read a Second, time upon Friday Morning next.

are at; and many Fish-houses for making Red-Herrings have been there built; and they can afford to fell them cheaper by One-half than the Petitioners: So that, between the Dutch and the Irish, the whole Herring-Fishery is like to be loft to England, unless speedily prevented: And praying, That this growing Mischief may be prevented, either by prohibiting the Exportation of Red-herrings out of Ireland, or by laying a Duty thereon, upon Exportation.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee ap|X)inted to consider of the Trade of England and Ireland; and how to make the Trade of tins Kingdom more beneficial; and that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yens, j^' } 44.

TeUersfor theNoe,^/". } 37-.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Army

Arrears.

Supply.

Pmushing stirton, &c.

Committees.

Trade to Germany.

Yarmouth

Herring

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions, of the Soldiers of Colonel Posse's Regiment was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning. '

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bills for punishing Bartholomew Burton Gentleman, and John Knight Esquire.

Ordered, That all Committees appointed to fit this Afternoon be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Jot is, 10° die Martii; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AP E T1TIO N of the Clothiers, and others concerned in the making of Serges, and other Woollen Manufactures, w ithin the Town of Totnesse, in the County of Devon, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since a free Trade to Germany, for the Exportation of our Woollen Manufactures, has been given by an Act of the First Year of tile King, foe Petitioners have enjoyed many advantageous Effects thereby, in making and vending far greater Quantities of the said Manufactures than were ever before, or could be, when that Trade was confined to the Hamborough Company only: And praying, That the Trade to Germany may be kept free and open, as it now is.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table till the Bill relating to the Hamborough Company be brought in.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of foe Town of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, and others concerned in the Herring-Fishery on the Coasts of Norfolk and Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Herring-Fishery is a great Nursery for Seamen, and of great Value to this Kingdom; but the Dutch, by great Encouragement, have gotten from us the Pickled-Herring Trade; and nothing is left us but the Red-Herring Trade, which is carried on at great Charges of Shipping and Nets; but, of late, there has been many Herrings caught in Ireland at a Fourth-Part of the Charge the Petitioners Voju XII.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee, to Li, firing whom the Petition of foe Luftring Company was referred, Trad*, the Matter of Fact relating to Diana Mason, William Wragg, and one Mr. Carhouchier, their Deligns and Con- . trivances against the said Company, specially to the House; wl)ich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; v is.

Gabriel Tahourdinsaid, That Mr. a Merchant

of Lyons, did, in June 1604, offer him to Sale some Ala-modes, which he had in Calais and Holland; but he refilling to buy them, Mr. Offman told him, He should he ruined, if he could not fell them; and told him further, That he was told in London, That, for 100,000 Crowns, the Patent of the Luftring Company here might be broke; and that he was sure the City of Lyons would most willingly give the Money: And that Mr. Renew ' was the chief Aftor for the said Company; but that he should repent it; for that he was going into France, and would acquaint the Ministers of State there; and that means should be found out to take him away into France.

Captain Joseph Saunders said, That Mrs. Diana Mason, William Wragg, and George Brouff, Mr. Gilbert, and Mr. Pegout, told him, That if he could bring Mr.

Hilary Renew over to Calais, and land him there, or in any other Place in France, he should have 500l. from the Merchants of Lyons; and they would lee the same paid:

And Captain GUI,a Frenchman, was to assist him therein.

And, in order to the spiriting the said Mr. Renew away, they were to give him Information of some French Silks, that should be pretended to be down foe River Thames; and when they should get him in a Boat, to go to leizethe fame, they should row by a Smack, that should wait for that Purpose; and then immediately clap hitn aboard the fame; and lb make his Way for France with ' him: And, if the Wind should not happen to favour foe Design, then they were to drop him upon the Goodwin Sands, and there leave him:

That Mr. Daniel Delamote, Peter Berillau, and Antony Didideere, in August last, he being then in Holland, prelt him to put in Execution the Contrivance they heard was on Foot in England to foe bringing Mr. Renew to France:

That, in September last, Mrs. Wragg, and Mrs. Mason, and Mr. Carbouchicr, applied themselves to him, and prest him also to put foe said Design in Execution; and, for his Encouragement therein, told him, That, if he did carry him off, it should be worth three Voyages to him:

And that he should not mistake Mr. Person,

because there are Two Brothers, the said Mrs. Mason, and Mr. William Wragg, Ihcwed Mr. Renew to him in Cheapside:

That

i'5^ 10° Martii. 1697.

That he hath been, Four several Times, solicited to put the aforesaid Design in Execution, in Holland,

and England.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do take care to prosecute the said Diana , and

Mr. Carbouchier, lor the Offences mentioned in the said Keport.

7'imbe.r *n. Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the Increase and iw ore . preservaljon of Timber in the be read a

Third time upon Monday Morning next

I eave of Ordered, That Mr. John Taylor have Leave to go

AUeuce. into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary (locations.

Ordered. Tlrnt Mr. Racenfcroft have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Newcastle Ordered, That Mr. Carr, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr.

Waterworks. Rlqfdid, Mr. liicherstaffe, be added to the Committee,

to whom the bill for the better supplying the Town of ' Newcastle upon 'line with lre(h Water, is committed.

Farlof Mac- An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act rlt-sifiM's for dissolving the Marriage between Charles Earl of Ivor*?- Macclesjeild and Ann his Wife; and to illegitimate the

Children of the said Ann; was read the Second time. Rejoiced, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

' Rejohed, That this House will, on Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Supply. Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of

the w hole House, to w hom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Refo-lotions of the Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arc as follow'; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the Debt due for clearing the Army, fro o the 1 ft of April 1 bp 2, when they were last cleared, to the last of September 1697, amounting to the Sum of 1,200,054/. if).?. 3 d. there be a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 130,oti6 I. 18 s. 4 d. raised in the Year 1698; which will clear the Army for One Year further, to the lft Day of April 1693.

2. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the clearing the Arrear of Subsistence to the TVoops in England, according to the Regulation thereof, between the lft of January 1096, and the lft of August

1697, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 203,415 /. 7 9$ d. be raised in the Year 1698.

3. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for clearing the Arrear of Subsistence to the Troops iii Flanders, to the 4th Day of October 1697, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 450,816/. 175. 8 be raised in the Year 1698.

4. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for die General Officers, with their Aids de Camp, and the Majors of Brigade, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 50,000 /. be raised in the Year 1698.

5. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for clearing the Arrear of Subsistence due to the Troops in Flanders, from the 4th Day of October 1697, exclusive, to the last Day of December, inclusive, a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 137,990/. be raised in the Year

1698.

6. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the 376,051 /. due for Wear and Tear of the Navy; to the 30th of September 1697, there be the Sum ot loo,000l. raised in the Year 1698.

7. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, of the 1,862,849/. for Seameus Wages, to the 30th of September 1697, there be the Sum of 600,0001. raised in tig} Year 1698.

8. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 16,3^9 /. due to regiltred Seamen, be raised in the Year 1698.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Salaries of the Commissioners of the Admiralty, Commissioners of the Navy, Secretaries, Officers, Clerks, and Instruments, Rents of their Offices, and Contingencies relating the reunto, there be allowed the Sum of 24,000 /. to be raised in the Year 1698.

1 o. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Half-pay to the Sea-Officers, there be allowed the Sum of 28,663/. to be raised in the Year 1698.

11. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for Pensions to superannuated Sea-Officers, and the Widows of others, the Sum of 9,073/. 5 s. 1 d. to be raised in the Year 1698.

1 3. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for the Charge of the Yards, the Sum ot 15,927 /. 7 s.3 d.to be raised in the Year 1698.

13. RjolvJl, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there he allow ed, for M ufter-malters, and other Officers of the Out-Ports, the Sum of 848/. 17#. to be raised in the Year 1698.

14. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for Wages to Ships and Vessels in Ordinary, the Sum of 43,399/. 12,s* to be raised in the S'ear 1698.

15. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for Victuals for the Ships and Vessels in Ordinary, the Sum of 19,608 /. to be raised in the Year 1698.

16. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for Harbour-Moorings, the Sum of 32,558/. 17 s.6d. to be raised in the Year 1698.

17. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for ordinary Repairs for the Ship* in Harbour, and of the Docks, Wharfs, Storehouses, S$c. the Sum of 35,848/. to be raised in the Year 1608.

18. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for the Charge of the Officers and Soldiers of the Two Marine Regiments, the Sum of 55,520 /. to be raised in the Year 1698.

19. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for the Charge of the Office for registring Seamen, the Sum of 37,286/. 5 to be raised in the Year 1698.

20. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, for the Charge of the Estimate of the Office of his Majesty's Ordnance, the Sum of 60,000l. to be raised in the Year 1698.

21. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made towards Payment of the Principal and Interest of she Debt due for Tran sport-Ser vice, for Reducing of Ireland, in the Year 1698.

22. Rejohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made towards Payment of tire Debt for Transport-Service, exclusive of the Transport-DeBt, in the Year 1698.

The first Seventeen Resolutions being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The 18th Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, after " Regiments," by adding, " to be employed in the " Service of the Navy only:"

And the same was, upon tire Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That there be allowed, for the Charge of the Officers and Soldiers of the Two Marine Regiments to be employed in the Service of the Navy only, the Sum of 55,5201, to be raised in the Year 1698.

The rest of the Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

Ways and Means.

Punching Duncomb for false indorsing Exchequer Bills.

Conference desired with Lords.

Supply Bill; Und Tax*

10W. III.

ici0 — it0

Hi

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to a Committee of the whole House, to . consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, at Eleven a Clock, every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, in every Week, resolve itself into a Committee of - the whole House, to consider of Ways and (Means for raising the Supplies already voted, or taking Reports relating to the lame; and nothing to intervene.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported from the Committee appointed, upon the Debate of the House, to state the Matters of Fast, on which the Bill for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the make of false Indorsements- of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was grounded, in order to be delivered to the Lords, at a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, the State of the said Matters of Fa6fc; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as followeth; viz.

Your Lordships having desired, at a Conference, That the Commons would acquaint your Lordships with the Matters of Fast, upon which, the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was grounded;

The Commons have commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, That the said Bill was grounded as well upon Proof, as the Confession of Mr JDuncomb.

As to the Confession; We are commanded by the Commons to affirm, in their Names, to your Lordships, That Mr. Duncomb did, in his Place, confess, That he had those Bills of Mr. De Costa, th and that, upon receiving those Bills, he told Mr. De Costa, there must be a Name set to them; and advised him to set his own, or that he might set any other: He further confessed, That he paid them into the Exchequer.

As to Proof j Mr. Serjeant Wright and Mr. Dormer, being Counsel for the Bill, did produce several Persons who did, in the Opinion of the Commons, make out the Allegations in the said Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " or that he might set any other:"

And the Question being put, That the said Words stand Part of the said State;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellet, forte Yea, {»£ }9o.

Tellers for the N } 68'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding, after "Exchequer," these Words; "as

Debtor or Accountant to the King, which he conceived he might by Law do

And the Question being put. That the said Words be added;

In passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to the said State.

Ordered, That the same be delivered to the Lords, at a Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen/ and other Uses therein mentioned.

Vox.. XII.

( ' , ' f

The Lord Marquis' of Hartington reported to the Lords agree House, That he having, according to; Order, been at to a Confer-the Lords, to desire a Confetence, they dp agree to 'a ence' Conference accordingly, Tomorrow' at Twelve a Clock,

in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived., Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 11 ° die Martii; i o# Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

MR. Burlington reported from the Committee, to Crediton

whom the Bill for erecting an Hospital or Ho- Work-houses. spitals, Work-house or Work-houses, Iloule or Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton; in Devon, for the better Relief of the Poor there, was committed, That they had considered the fame; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which lie read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill; That if the Justices within and next to Crediton shall refuse to act, pursuant to the Bill, any other Justices of Devon may aft:

And the feme was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir William Williams have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. _ Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Dormer have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. StarveU have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Morgan, according to Order, presented to the Hereford House a Bill for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses Work-houseg. within the City of Her ford, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there: And the ferae was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for Continuance of a former Act, for confirm- Hudson'sBay ing to the Governor and Company trading to Hudsons Company. Bay, their Privileges and Trade, was, according to Order,' read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley,

Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir

Steph. Evans, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr. Moore, Lord Digby, Mr. England, Sir John Philips, Mr. Bridges, Mr,

Ashby, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Mr.

Mountstevens, Sir Wni.Lozvtker, Sir John Kay, Mr. Nor-

ris, Sir John Thorold, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Blofeild,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Aybner, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Cheny, Sir Francis Masham, Mr. Tredchham, Sir John Bolles, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Champnyes, Sir Clouds. Shovel/, Mr.

Fleming, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Granvill, Mr. Shane, Sir H Mr. Colt,

Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Morris, Mr. Perry,

Sir John Bucknall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock,' in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Peter Espntt Raddifowas presented to ‘ Ditto, the House,' and read; setting forth, That, about 1666,

R r King

Earl of Mac*

eltsfield's

Divorce.

Trade to Germany.

Matters'

Estate.

Land

Bill;

'ax.

Conference with Lords.

Supply Bill; Wad ?e*.

*54

11* — I»° Martii.

A. 1697.

King Charles the Second feat foe Petitioner, and his Brother, dace demoted, with Two Ships, oa purpose to settle the English Colonies and Factories in Hudson's Bay, which they efie&ed 1b well, that the King gave them a Gold Chtun and Medal, and recommended them to the Company of Adventurers, trading to Hudson's Bay. to be gratified by them for the Add Service; and the Company settled on the Petitioner Six Actions, in their Joint-Stock; and 1001, per Annum for his Life: That the Petitioner is 02 Years of Age, and has not received any Benefit by the said Six Shares, for more than Seven Years last past; and hath nothing to maintain himself, and Four small Children, but the ltud loot, per Annum: And praying That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill, before the House, for confirming to the Hudsons Bay Company their Privileges and Trade, to oblige the said Annuity to be paid quarterly, and the Dividends, of the find Six Actions, as often as they foali become due, to the Petitioner, and his Heirs, during the Joint-Stock of the find Company.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Counsel and Witoefiea be heard at the Committee of the whole House, to whom the inmxdfed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for difiolving the Marriage between Charles Karl of , ana

Anne his Wife; and to illegitimate the Children of the fitid Anne; is committed; for making good the Allegations of the said Bill.

further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for dif-handing Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took foe Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee That they bad made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, rofolve hself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That foe Bill for the more effectual feppreff- Suppreffin* ing of Blaipbemy and Profanenels be read a Second time Profaoener*, Tomorrow Morning. &c*

Ordered, That foe Report from the Committee, to Army Debty whom the Petition of Mr. John Darrell was referred, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do attend, in his Place, A Member Tomorrow Morning: And that the Petition relating to attend* him be then read.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Nine a Clock.

The Lord Fairfax, according bo Order, presented to

the House a Bill for liipporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany And the same was received.

Refobed, That the BUI be read upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Brotherton, according to Order, presented to4he

House a Bill to enable Streinsham Masters Esquire to fell Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Articles of Marriage; and to convey Lands in Derbyshire, of a greater Value, to the feme Uses: And the same was received.

Ordered, That foe Bill be read upon Tuesday Morning next

The House, according to the Order of foe Day, resolved itself into a Committee of foe whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chur.

Sir Thomas Littleton took foe Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, in order for the House to go to foe Conference.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Conference, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That foe Committee, who drew up the Stale, do manage the Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, bong returned;

The Lord Marquis of Hartmgton reported, That the Managers had been at the Conference, and given foe Lords the State of the Matter of Fa&, on whkh the Bill to punish Mr. Duncomb was grounded.

The House, according to Order, again refolded itself into a Committee of foe whole House, to consider

Sabbati, 12* die Martii;

10° Guliehni Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of divers of the principal Inhabitants Tone Navi-of foe Town and Borough of Taunton, in the County gation. of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That foe bringing of Sea-Coal, and other heavy Goods, from Bridgwater, to foe /Town of Taunton, by Water, would be a vast Advantage to the Inhabitants of Taunton, and Parts adjacent, by encouraging Trade, and employing the Poor: And praying That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to make foe River Tone navigable, from foe Town of Bridgwater, up to the Town of Taunton, making Satisfaction to Inch Per Ions as shall be prejudiced thereby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of foe laid Petition: And that Mr. Clark do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of several Tradesmen, Labourers, and many copper others, of foe Town of TVare, in the County of Hert- Coinage. ford, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That foe great Quantities of Copper Half-pence and Farthings, now current amongst them, being much under the intnnfick Value, are a great Lois and Hindrance to their Trades; and, Day-Labourers being paid in that Coin, to their great Damage and ImpoverHnment: and praying a Remedy against foe said Inconvenience.

Ordered, That the Consideration of foe said Petition be referred to foe Committee, to whom foe Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the great and populous Borough of Southwark, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Price have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasione. Absence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Suppressing foe better Discovery and Supprelfing of House-breakers: House*brrease. And that Mr. Evelyn and Mr. Gwytm do prepare, and ers* bring in, foe Bill.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Lloyd'* Nat. naturalizing William Lloyd Elquine.

Ordered,

Leave of A bleat;*

Tiverton

Work-houses.

Leave of Absence.

Kefumption of Grants,

Ditto.

Ditto.

10 W. III. I Marti.

Ordered, That Mr. Pkrpofat have Leave to gp into the Country, for Recovery of hia Health.

Mr* Hbbfyn reported from the Committee, to whom

foe BiH for eroding Hqfeitafcs and Work-houses in foe Town of Tfoerftm* in foe County of for the bet-

ter employing and maintaining foe Poor there, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to foe House; which he read in hia Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cfofo's Table: Wiete the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed, and the Rendue of them difegreed, unto by foe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be so-grofled.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt have Leave to go into the Countiy, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Scroop Horn have Leave to go info foe Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Oq-cafions. '

Estate was granfoditftfofr 'Eari, of AfkkW*, "fifoftttl a*jr Provision for foe Petitioner, and hgt Qw&ktef '> A*»d praying, That some Proviftpju qtfey tw for them

by the Bill, depending ift foe House for yaqauog all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited so far land, since the 13th of Febrmry 168.8; and appropriating the feme to foe Use of the Pubbck-

Ordered, That foe Cousideration of the said Petition, he referred to the Committee, of foe whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed-.

A Petition of foe Company of Feltmaagers* was presented to the House, and read; letting forth* That there is a Bill depending in the House, (of the Continuance of a former Act, for confirming to foe Governor and Company of Hudson's Bay th/ac Privileges and Trade: Rut foe Company having acted contrary to the Rule* prescribed. to them, in a late Act for that Purpose, now expiring, to the great Prejudice of the Petitioners; they therefore pray, That the said BiH may U0t pass; and that they may be heard against the feme.

Ordered, That the Confidemtion of foe feid Petition he referred to the Committee* to whom foe feid Rill is committed*

A Petition of John Lord Kingston was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That foe Petitioner never was in Arms, but, in his Absence, was outlawed, in Ireland; which was reverted by his Majesty's Order;

and a Pardon granted under the Great Seal, for his better Security: And praying, That the Benefit of the said Reverfel and Pardon may be reserved to him by the Bill, depending in the House, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, fmee the 13fo Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the feme to the Use of foe Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Agmonchsham Ve/ey^ and Qharlott his

Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That upon the Marriage of the Petitioner Charlott's Father, with Mary Sifter of

the late Duke of Monmouth, King Charles the Hd, as a Marriage-Portion, granted to William Sarsfeild, and his Heirs, foe Manor of fucan, rand other Lands, forfeited in 1641; which Grant was, in Trust, for the said Mary, and her Children: That JVm. Sarsfeild died so 1675, leaving Mary his Widow, and Three final! Children, Two whereof died Infants, without Issue; and the Petitioner Charlott is Daughter, and Heir, to her feid Father, and Brothers: That Colonel Patrick Sarsfeild, younger Brother of the said IVittum, taking Advantage of the Petitioner Chariot? % Infancy, by Violence, in the late Re-

bellion in Ireland, gpt Poflfeffipp of foe said Estate; and, upon Application to foe King, her Tide being made out, was pleased, by Letters of Privy-Seal, dated in April 1696, to restore her to her paternal Estate; which (he has qujetly enjoyed ever since; And praying That the Bill for vacating alL Grants of Estates, and ofoer Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since foe 13th Day of February 1688, may not prejudice foe Petitioners Title to foe feid Estate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of foe feid Petition be referred to foe find Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of Atm, Wife of foe late Baron Slope, was presented to the House, and read; fettiqe forth, Thai, in 1690, her feid Husband made a Settlement of his Estate, and particularly 2op I. per Annum, on foe Petitioner for her seperate Use; and 800l. per few

her Life, after his Death: That, in 1691, ner said Husband was outlawed; and foe Treafen laid, was alleged to be committed before the said Settlement, which was grounded noon Marriage-Articles, made in foe Infancy or foe fetid Bacon, long before the Treason; but, in 1692, his whole Yen. XLL

Ordered, That Sir IVUTiam Ashurst, Sir William St. Quint in, Mr. Clark, Mr. Arnold, Sir John BuckmU, Mr. Stonekouse, Mr. Bmyer, Mr. Mr. Cor, Mr.

Johnson, be added to the Committee, to whom foe. Bill for Continuance of a former Act. for confirming to the Governor and Company of Hudson!* Bay fomr Privileges and Trade, is committed.

A Bill to deanfe, and make navigable, foe £benel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoo, was, according to Order, read a Second time.;

Rejohed,.....Mr. Whitaker, Sir

Richard Onslow, Sir Fra. Mr. Philips, Sir

Isaac Rebow, Mr. Cullifard, Sir John Philipps, Mr, Colt, Sir Walter Young, Mr. LawtHr, Sir John Rods, Mf. Clerk, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hedger, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Newport, Mr, Gardner, Me. Mowatstafenp, Mr-Sir John FhoHl, Mr. Duka, Sip Wm Sir The-

Middleton, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Sir Tho. Roberta, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Chase, Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Mordent, Mr. Mountague, Sir Rushout Cullen, Mr. Morgan, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Mr- Mw'dit,

Mr. Mardamt, Mr- Raldwyx, Sir Jawb A'hfa i and all foe A/embers that fetye for foe Cqpntfes of Erses, Suffolk, Norfolk, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five* Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do, by a Schedule, deliver to Mr. Nicholas Baker such Papers as are in his Hands, relating to the Frpfecution of Mr. Duncomb, to be made use of at the House of Lords, as there shall be Occasion.

A Bill for the more effectpal foppressing of Blafbhepiy and Profeneness was, according to Ofoer, read a Second time.

Refoked, That foe BHl be cpmipitted to a Committee of die whde House.

A Motion being made, and foe Question befog put, That this Hpose will, upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve hfftf into a Committee of the whose House, to confjder of the said Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas gp forfo. Tellers for foe Yes*

Sir Richard Sir Flfab Harvey; Sir Henry Celt,

Mr, Heceningham: So it was rftbhqid'in the Affirmative-

Tellers for the

98.

U

The House, according to Order, resolved itfejf into a Committee of foe whole House, to confidier of

the

I lud Ton's Bay Company.

Ditto.

olcUeatejf

chaned,

Paper to be re-delivered.

Sppprefling

Prqfan$p<$,

Sec.

Punishing Knight, 5fCt

15*

i2* — 14* Martii.

A. 1697.

African

Trade.

the Bills for punishing John Knight Esquire, and Barth. Burton Gentleman.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The Lord Marquis of Hartin reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill to punish Mr. Knight; and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington also reported from the said Committee, That they had also gone through the Bill to punish Mr. Burton; and made several Amendments thereunto; which' they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa; and nothing to intervene.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven-vacating night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Houser Ireland]11 to consider further of the Bill for vacating all Grants 0 ‘ Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Regulating

Elections.

Army Debts.

Army

Arrears.

Ordered, That the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Dorrell was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Rosse's Regiment was referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next

Freedom of Ordered, That the Bill for the further securing the Elections. Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 14° die Martii; io# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Spittle-fields A PETITION of the Landlords, Owners, and Pro-Silk Trade. ./"V prietors, of Houses situate in the several Hamlets of Stnttk-jidds, Bednall-green, and Parts adjacent, in the Parish of Stepny, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; fettine forth, That the greatest Part of the Inhabitants in those Places are Dealers in Silk, and Woollen manufactured with Silk, whereby they formerly got a Livelihood; but their Trades are now fb decayed, that they cannot pay their Rents; nay, the Petitioners are forced to pay the King's Taxes; and must be ruined, if feme way be not found out to set the Poor at Work: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade between England and Ireland.; and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Lowestoft,

25

Kirtly, and Pakefeild, in the County of , in behalf Lovdbft

of themselves, and others concerned in the Herring- Herring fishery on the Coast of Suffolk and , was presented Finery,

to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Herring-fishery is a great Nursery for Seamen, and is carried on at great Charges by Ships and Men; but the Hutch have gotten the Pickled-Herring Trade quite away; so that nothing is now left but the making Red-Herrings; which also will be loft, if speedy Care be not taken; for that great Quantities of Herrings are taken in many Havens in Ireland, at a small Charge, without the Use of Ships, and with few Men and Nets; which has encouraged the making Red-Herrings in Ireland, where they are bought at Half the Price the Petitioners can afford to fell them at: And praying, That the Exportation of Herrings from Ireland may be prohibited; or that a Duty may be laid thereon, upon Exportation.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of Major Walter D was presented Resumption to the House, and read; setting forth. That he was Major of Grant*, to Colonel Henry Lutterell's Regiment of Horse, in the late King James's Service: That, in Consideration of the Petitioner's Service, in Discharge of his Pay, being,

continued in his now Majesty's Service, and in Satisfaction of his Losses, his Majesty granted the Petitioner a Lease for 21 Years, at a certain Rent, of feme Lands in Ireland, which stand so incumbered, that they come far short of answering the Petitioner's just Pretences-:

And praying, That he may be provided for in the Bill, depending in the House, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Wilts was Woollen presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Trade, the Cloathing-Trade is fallen under so great Discouragements, that they cannot employ their numerous Dependents; and hereby the poor Labourers are rendered truly miserable: That they conceive this Calamity has been chiefly introduced by the Discouragements of English Merchants, and since Foreigners have so much prevailed therein, who have no Power to deal with the Clothier; a very long Credit is extorted from the Maker; whereby he is forced into the Hands of the Wool-brogger; which hath both enhanced the Price, and impaired the Goodnels, of Cloth: And praying. That the Hamborough Company may be supported in their Trade; and both that and the Russia Company may be enlarged; and that a Restraint may be put to the growing Evil of Wool-broggers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for supporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany be read.

Mr. Palmer, according to Order, presented to the Bridgewater House a Bill for the enlarging, preserving, and repairing, Bridge and the Bridge and Quay of the Borough of Bridgwater in Quay-the County of Somersett: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Leave be riven to bring in a Bill for Exon Erecting of Hofoitals and Work-houses within the City Work-boofes. ansi County of Exon, for the better employing and -maintaining the Poor there: And that Sir Edward and Sir Joseph Tily do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for vesting the Manors of Bastwick and LeecHes, Houghton'* in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Estate. Houghton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging

Debts

Ettrick's

Estate.

Burlipp

Roads.

Leave of Absence.

Army Debts.

Colchester

Chanel.

Estates given to superstitious Uses.

Leave of Absence.

Trade to Germany.

Woollen Manufacture.

Ponishing Knight for £aife indors-sing Exchequer- Bills.

IO W.III.

14* — 15®

*57

Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hobart, Mr. England, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr.

Mr. Brothcrton, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Gery, Mr. Boloney, Mr. Mountsteoens, Sir Fra.Sir Lend her,

Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Lambtoh, Sir Edward Aifcough, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Hedger, Sir Cha.

ham, Sir John Wolstenholm, Mr. Evelyn, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Haw, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir John Kay, Mr. Philips, Colonel Lee, Sir Edward Seaward, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Ettrick, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Lawther, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Thortihagh; and all that serve for the County of

Norfolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

1

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Ant. Ettrick Gentleman to fell Part of his late Wife's Lands, pursuant to Articles of Agreement made in her life-time, for the Sale thereof.

Mr. Haio, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for Repair of the Highways from the Town of Burlipp, and the Top of Crickley-hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report made the 8th Inllant from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. John Dorr ell was referred:

And the same was read:

And the Resolutions being severally read a Second time, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Bickerstqffe, Sir Tho. Davall Lord Spencer, Sir John Wolstenholme, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Neale, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to cleanse, and make navigable, the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to Wivenhoe, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland, Mr. Norton, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Morgan, Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Bertie, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Woodroff e, Sir Scroop How, Sir Stephan Evans, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of Estates given to superstitious Uses is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

one; and, upon the Question severally pat thereupon, with feme Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

1 r *' ,

The Lord Marquis of Hariington also reported, from Punishing the said Committee of the whole House,; to whom the Kiinon for Bill for puniftxing Bartholomew Burton Gentleman for [,6 Esche-false Indorsing of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt quer- Bill*. of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, >was . ;{

committed, the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with feme Amendments to feme of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed. t

The Order, for the House to resolve itself into a Com- Earl of Mac-mittee of the whole House, to consider, of the ingrafted c)e»field'e Bill, from the Lords, iptituled. An Act for dissolving lvorce* the Marriage between Charles Earl of Macclesfield, and Anne his Wife; and to illegitimate the Children of the said Anne; being read;

Ordered, That the Countess of Macclesfield's Counsel, and Witnesses, be beard, at the said Committee, against the said Bill.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself

into the said Committee of the whole....., to consider

of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Air Speaker resumed the Chair.

Air. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had heard the Counsel for the Earl and Countess, and the Witnesses for the Earl; and had gone through the Bill; and directed him to report the same to the House, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Alorning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Alorn- Russia Trade, ing next, after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Committee Elections be adjourned. of Privilege*.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Increase and Timber in Preservation of the Timber in New-Forest be read a New-toreft. Third time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for supporting the Aferchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany was, according to Order, read the' First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

A Petition of the Bay-makers, Kersey-makers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Town of Barnstable, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, relating to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till the Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the w'hole House, to whom the Bill for pnmlhing J Knight Esquire for false

Indorsing of several Bills, made lortli at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which be read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in once read

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Mart is, 15° die Martii;

10® Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ABI L L to enable Streinsham Masters Esquire to fell Matters' Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by Estate. . his Articles of Marriage; and to convey Lands m Derbyshire, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Drake have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

at the Clerk's Tab e: Where the same were throughout: and then a Second time, one by Vol. XIL

Ordered, That Sir Henry Johnfim have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

S f Sir

Turner*

E&attk

Hall'tEstate.

Lloyd's Nat.

Leave of Absence.

Committee*.

Executing Judgments in Wale*.

Slaughter, dec. importing Silk.

JVnngr

ArreaaSi

158 its MortiL A.\6y).

Sir Elittb Harvey, according to Order, prefeqted to the House a Bill for fiipplying a Deleft in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Turner Esquire, his. Sotvfor the more effectual securing the Sum of 12,0001, and Interest, upon their Estate: And the feme was received.

The BiH was read the First time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

Monday Morning next

A Meflaro from the Lords, by Sir John Franktyn- and Sir Robert Legard;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John Hala Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereon: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Foley junior, according to Order, presentod to the House a Bill for naturalizing William Lloyd Esquire: And the feme was received.

The BiM was read the First time.

Resolved\That the Bill be read' a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davatl have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That) all Committees be revived.

An ingrossed Bill to execute Judgments and Decrees saved in a Clause in an Act of the ift Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales, was read the Third time.

Refobed', That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to execute Judgments and Decrees saved in a Clause in an Act of the ill Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Paris Slaughter and William Druoe, Merchants, to import fevered Bales of fine Italian Thrown-Sil k, from Amsterdam, into this Kingdom, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed' to- be made, Prela 1. L. 21, by leaving out " last new Stile," and inferring

1695-

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the B31 amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Paris Slaughter and Merchants, and Dame Elizabeth to import

several Bales of fine Italian Thrown-Silk, from Amsterdam, into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Sir Wdliam Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir UnityColt, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee, to whom- the Petition of several Soldiers dii-oharged out of Colonel Rom's Regiment of Dragoons; and allb the Petition of fevered Soldiers of Major Hugh Galbreith's Troop in Colonel Rosse's Regiment of Dragoons, now a&u&lly in his Majesty's Service; were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the- feed Committee; and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; via.

Upon the Petition of several Soldiers discharged out, of Colonel Ross's Regiment of Dragoons.

That the Petitioners, appearing, alleged. That they had served his Majesty, several Yearn in the War; but that, by an1 Order from his Majesty for reducing Fourteen Men out of each Troop, they were discharged, and their Horses taken from them, which were their own:

That there has been flopped out of their Suhfistence Three-penoe a Day, on the Account of Horses. these Three Campaigns:

That there has been flopped feme Monies for making good- burnt Houses, as also for the Expence of a Bomb Cart to oarry their Powder and Ball, Stoqkeos, Cravats, and Amrannition-swords:

That there has been flopped from them a Farthing a Day ever since they were in Flanders; and Two-pence a Day was also flopped for exchanging and returning of their Pay from England:

That they ought to have had Cloathing, not having had any since May was Twelvemonth:

That OnePeny per Day was flopped for Straw for their Horses, though it was given them by the Boors:

And that there are several Sum9 of Money due to them for their Arrears of Pay for their Service in Ireland.

To, which several Complaints Colonel Rosse, and, the rest of the Captains of his Regiment, being present, gave the following Answers:

That, as to the Petitioners being reduced by Fourteen out of each Troop, it was by Order from his Majesty; which the Colonel produced; by which Orders, Directions were also given, to exchange the Horses of such reduced Men for those who were to continue in Service, that were more fit for that Purpose; and that the remaining Horses should be sold for the Advantage of the Whole; which was accordingly done:

That, as to the Stoppage of Three-pence a Day, it was also '>y his Majesty's Order; which the Colonel produced at the Committee; and which, as to that Stoppage, is as followeth; viz.

" That so long as our Regiments of Horse and Dragoons shall he in the Field, and subsist upon the Forage they shall find there, there be deducted for our Light-Horse, that receives the highest Pay, Six Stivers a Day from each Trooper and Corporal, allowed upon the Muf-ters; and Three Stivers a Day from each privale Soldier, Serjeant, and Corporal of Dragoons, in like Manner, allowed on the Musters; the Servants only excepted which Sums, so Hopped, are to remain in the Hands of the Paymaster General of our Forces, or his Deputy; and shall, at the End of the Campaign, be paid over, by Order of the Commander in Chief of our Light-Horse, to the several Colonels, or Commanders of each Regiment; to be distributed to the respective Captains, for making their Recruits; who, after Provision made for so many Horses as shall be wanting, are to be accountable, for the Surplufoge, to their respective Troopers: And the Colonel or Commander of the Regiment is to take care, that the fame-be duly performed accordingly."

Colonel Rojfe said, That it was so for from having a Surplusage upon such Deductions in his Regiment, that most, if not every one of his Captains, were out of their own Pockets between One and Two hundred Pounds a Campaign, for Recruit-Horses, as appears by Accounts charged to the several Captains:

That, as to the Stoppage for burnt Houses, it was- by his Majesty's special Order, to make the Country and the Boors easy; that, in case any Fire should happen where any Quarters of Soldiers should be in the Villages; the Damages should be made gpod by the Regiment, pen* portionable from the Colonel, and the other Officers, to a private Man's Pay-; and, upon thft burning a finall Tenement, fume inconsiderable Matter was- fippped from them accordingly; the Ukc foe ft Bomb-Cart to carry their Powder and Ball, upon an extraordinary Occasign once happening:

And as. to the Stoppage for Stockena* Cravats, and Swords, it was for such as the Soldiers had that exceeded, and were wanting in the Interval of Cloathing, which was to tafe. them to the aithofcentiling; and every

io W. HI.

15* Martii.

H9

every Man bad his Sword returned, or Six SbUliqgs, which was the Price of it:

That, as. to the Stoppage of One Farthing e Day* it was, by their own Request, and Contrivance amobg themselves, to be allowed to ope of their peljow-soldiers, as a Clerk to keep their Acoopots,; who was. present, and owned- the lame; and went, to more lifts, as appears in, their stated Accounts with the said. Clerk, and by them allowed and signed.

As to the Stoppage of Two-pence a Day# they received 12 Stivers, which is their complete 14 at te Guilders 6 Stivers per Pound, being the Payment made by the King, and the whole. Army, while in Fenders; and that the Exchange- of Money has been, 2 Guilders

1.0 Stivers left per Pound in Trading; yet they continued till at full:

And that, as to the Petitioners Demand; of Cloafhin& if they bad not been reduced, they would have had Cloathing with the Regiment this Summer, the feme being cloathed but once in Two Years, whifuh was ip May last was Twelvemonth: And that the Account of cloathing the Regiment is not to commence tdl the 31st of April next eniuing:

That, as to the Stoppage of One Penny per, Day. fee Straw, it was for Straw delivered to the Regiment front the Magazine:

That, as to their Irish Arrears, it is the; common same with the whole Regiment; which when they are provided for, the Petitioners will receive Satfefe&ion therein.

And that, upon the whale- Matter, the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, whenever the Petitioners, or any other Soldiers of Colonel Rosse's Regiment, did apply themselves to the said Colonel, he always gave them Redraft, upon their Complaints, to the utmost of his Power.

Upon the Petition of several Soldiers of Major Hugh Galbreittis, Troop in Colonel s Regiment of Dragoons, now actually in his Majesty's Service: That several of the Petitioners, appearing, akfeged, That they, wanted Three Mouths Pay, that was due to them from the Capitulation of Lymerick.

Rut that was answered^ by the Major, to be a Debt due to- the whole Regiment.

Gilbert Lendrnm, one of the Petitioners, said. That, in the Year 1693, the Major took away his Horse from him, and gave him another not io good as his own; and allb, upon the Clerk's accounting with, and paying him 4/. 104. the Major, fitting by, after the Petitioner had figped his Accounts, commanded him to produce the said Money that was paid him; in which the Petitioner obeying him, the Major took the same from him, on a Pretence of feme Demands, he said, was due from the Petitioner; which the Petitioner totally difowm was then owing to him:

That a Crown a Month was flopped from- him whilst in Ireland; and Seven Shillings for Carriage of Arms: That he was forced to live upon Three Shillings a Month whiHt the Stoppage of the Five Shillings was made upon him.

To which Complaint the Mayor owned the taking away the firid Petitioner's Horsebut laid, He gave him another more fit for Service in die room of him; and fold the Petitioner's Horle, being too tall for a Dragoon.

That the Major denied he ever took any pay from the Petitioner, till the Petitioner proved the same by a Comrade that was in the Tent at the feme time; and then feid. If hadid fodo, it was for what the Petitioner owed him; and produced feveFal Receipts under the Petitioner's Hand, purporting to be Receipts of the Balance of old Accounts, without mentioning any Sum.; the which the Major urged against the Petitioner's Demands, apd denied the Stoppage of Seven Shillings for Arms: And said, That, as to the Stoppage of Five Shillings a Month, it was. stopped for Recruit- Dories in Ireland

George Nixon, another of the Petitioners, fefet, That, the Major took away hft Horse; and flopped five

V«u, X«.

Pounds of hip $obfiffeBP? &T th£ E^hpqge of fefi Hpr-so Army hp gave him; end tfed his, Major, stopped Rleven*pqnce Amara. 4Month for Hautboys onbof his Subfifleopsat Qalh/eqay £ and, for Troop-Charges, hL 14,

To which the Major laid, Thqt the Horse he took from the said Nixon, was, beqause he wap too lpw for the Troop, apd he fold him fop 5 U; end gmte him app-t ther, which cost him 11/.:

And denied any Stoppage upon- account of Hautboys, or Troop-Charges; because foe- Petitioners could opt prove the sense by their Accounts, which, feme of foeo? find, they, never had| any Accounts delivered, since: they were in the Service.

John Rufc complained, That he, being ordered to afe tend thp General for Five Months, had, offer- such. Service, the General's- Order for Payment of his Pay, amounting to 7 /.;. apd, when he came to have his, Accounts made up, the Major asked, him what be should give hito foi; what was due to hfov And the Petitioner teljing him, He desired oq more than the- Balance of his Account; upon; whiph the Major pulled out a Guinea, and told him, He would give him that, apd Two mpre, fop what was due to him; but he, refofipg to tajkp the fame, has never had. a Farthing to this, time:

That the Major took aiway a. found Horse from him, and gave another that has proved glandeqed.; apd yet stopped 5 L 104. out of his, Subsistenpe, for- the Exchange of his Horse; and stopped 5,4. fog fop Return of his Pay.

To which the Major owned the- changing of the Petitioner's Hoise; but would not own the Matter of Account due to the Petitioner; but denied the fame, or that he ever few the General's Order fop Payment of- the said 7/.

That the said John Russ further complained, That, in Winter t6g-f, the rest of the Troop, with himself, being ordered foi attend the Lieutenant, to settle their Accounts, the Lieutenant asked him to figa his Accounts: And the Petitioner telling him. That he could, not sign them, because there were several Items, that he was not satisfied were right: To which the Lieutenant laid, with a great Oath, That his Troop had been complained of for going so iloveuly and dirty; and that he would make the Petitioner an Example to the World, if he did not appear neat apd cleanly: To which the Petitioner only replied.

That, if he, the said Lieutenant, would give hire wherewithal, he would appear as well as any body: Whereupon the said Lieutenant fell into a Passion, apd said,

You Dog! do you prate? And, with that, took up a very great Cane, that lay upon the Table, more fit to knock down & Horse, them to correct a Christian, and therewith laid the Petitioner several Blows over his Head and Shoulders, till he knocked him: down; and, after he was down, and then ienfeless, beat him unmercifully, in the Presence of the whole Troop, to tbpt Degree, that he bps Reafen to fear ha had knocked his Rrafes out, if his Cane had not folk, and the Petitioner then carried out of the Room by his Comrades:

That the said violent breaking and bruiting- his Head and Shoulders has occasioned ijuch a Misfortune to the Petitioner, that the Humour, falling downwards, did, in a Month after, throw him into so violent a Rheu.matism, that he has ever finee loft the Use of his Limbs, and-can neither go dot stand, though be has been everfince under Physicians Hands in Hospitals, and otherwise.

To which the said Lieutenant gave as Apfwer, That he didftrike the Petitioner Two or Three Blows, for feucy Language, and in a Manner tending to Mutiny, being in the Pretence and Hearing of the whole Troop, and in the Napne of all the rest, saying, If the Lieutenant will give us wherewithal, we will appear as well as any-body:

But that he believed his prefen* Misfortune did no-way a proceed; from the breaking of his Head-

And, to prove that, brought the Surgeon and Mate of the Regiment: Who feid. They cured the Wounds in his Head in Eighteen Days; and that i* was above a Month alter, before he complained «f any Acts ia hfe Body

i6o

Body, other than of his Shoulders, which were much bruised; but could not deny but that, before such Beating, the Petitioner was as healthful and sprightly a Soldier as any was in the Regiment.

The Lieutenant further infilled, That the Petitioner, after his beating him, and before his Rheumatism, did Duty; and therefore it was an Argument the Distemper did not rife from his beating him:

And, to that, produced the Surgeon also: Who said, That he had heard the said R was twice fluxed in the Hospital, before the Lois of the Use of his Limbs.

To which the Petitioner replied, That, before the Recovery of the Wounds in his Head, the Lieutenant sent the Petitioner an Horse to look after for him; which he refuting, not being able so to do, the Lieutenant commanded him to be set on Horseback, and made him do Duty once or twice, when he was not fit for Service; and now remains a miserable Person, ever despairing of the Use of either of his Legs whilst living: And that, as to his Fluxing, it was, by the Advice of the Physicians, for the removing the Rheumatism, and not for any other Distemper whatsoever.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee* came to the Resolution following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have made good the Suggestions of their said Petition against their Major Hugh Galbrdth, and his Lieutenant

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A. 1697.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Svppressing solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Prof*nen*f», consider of the Bill for the more effectual suppressing of &c‘ Blasphemy and Profaneness.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was, in the Committee, a Difference who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Refoboed, That Sir John Philips do take the Chair of the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Philips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Philips reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments"; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Refoboed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; ' resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow'

Morning, Nine a Clock.

150 — 16° Martii.

Fitz-harria' A Complaint being made to the House, That an Order Estate. hath been sent into Ireland, from the Committee of this House, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Sir Henry Fitz-Harris is referred; whereby one Mr. Oliver, and all such other Persons as claim any Estate, or Interest to any Part of the Estate of the late Sir Edward Fitz-Harris Baronet, deceased, lying in the Kingdom of Ireland, were ordered to attend the said Committee on the 8th Instant, to shew Cause why a Bill should not be brought into Parliament to restore the said Sir Henry to the said Estate, according to the Prayer of his Petition: and that the said Mr. Oliver, and all other Persons concerned, should, at the same time, produce, and lay before the said Committee, all Writings and Evidences by which they claim their Title to the said Estate, and all other Writings relating to the feme; whereas the said Committee were only to examine the Matter of the said Sir Heny Harris's Petition, and report the feme to the House;

Resolved, That, notwithstanding the said Order, the Persons summoned in Ireland shall not be obliged to attend the said Committee thereupon.

SuppreiSng A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Profaucneu, That the Order of the Day be now read, for the House

&c- to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

upon the Bill for the more effectual suppressing of Blasphemy and Profaneness;

It passed in the Negative.

Earl of Mac- Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported from the clftfield's Committee of the whole House, to whom the ingrossed

ivorce. gjHj from the Lords, intituled, An Act for dissolving the

Marriage between Charles Earl of Macclesfeld, and Anne his Wife; and to illegitimate the Children of the said Anne; was committed; That they had heard the Coun-fel and Witnesses for the Earl of and also

the Counsel for the Countess of Macclesfeld', and had agreed to the said Bill; and directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendments; and he delivered the feme in at the Table.

Refoked, That the Bill be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment

25

Mercurii, \G die Marti

lo'Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of divers Grocers, Mercers, Bakers> Copper Butchers, and Victuallers, inhabiting in the Town Coinege. of Bedford, in the County of Bedford, as well on behalf themselves, as of divers Tradesmen, and others, of the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are greater Quantities of Copper Farthings and Halfpence coined than are needful; for that they receive greater Numbers thereof, than they can pay away; which is become a Grievance, and occasions many Quarrels between the Petitioners, and their Chapmen and Customers, to the Prejudice of Trade: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheeseraongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the great and populous Borough of Southwark, is referred.

A Petition of the Merchants, Fullers, Clothiers, and Trade to other Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures, in the City Germany, of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the great Benefit the Nation received by an Act made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, whereby a free Trade was open to Hamburgh and Germany; and far greater Quantities of our Woollen Manufactures were fold and exported, than when the Trade was limited to the insupportable Restrictions of the Hamborough Company: And praying, That the Trade to Hamborough and Germany may be kept free, as it now is.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for supporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Fullers, Clothiers, and Ditto, other Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures, in the North of England, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have, during the late

War,

Trade to G e» many.

Ditto.

Sec wart a Petition*

Leave of Absence.

Burlipp

Jtoida.

Leave of

A b fence.

Ettrick'i

Eft&ie.

Correspondence with late K. James,

ioW. III. 16° Mar tit. 161

War, chearfully supported themselves, and their numerous Poor, from the Influence of free Trade to Germany; and hope by the Peace to reap a much better Advantage: But, finding by the Votes, That Leave is given to bring in a Bill for sup|>orting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany, the Petitioners conceive, such an Establishment will restrain Trade to a few Buyers, who may force the Seller to accept of what Price they please for their Commodity, perhaps to Lois; to the Del'trufition of the Woollen Manufactures in the Northern Parts: And praying the House to take into Consideration the ill Coulequencts that may attend an Establishment of the said Company, as they desire.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, at Hallifa.v, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners, and many Hundreds more, have supported themselves and Families by means of a free Trade to Germany; and should the Trade thither be restrained to the Hamborough Company, as is intended by a Bill depending in the House, it will be the Ruin of the Petitioners, and the Cloathing Trade Northwards: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second Time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and other Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, of W Hathersfeild, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House for supporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany, which, the Petitioners conceive, is, to hinder all others from exporting their Manufactures into Germany: And therefore they pray. That the said Bill may not pals; because it will restrain their Trade to a few Buyers, who will oblige the Petitioners to take what Price they please for their Commodities, though to great Loss.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of John Secwart, Marshal-Provost to the Dutch Regiment of Horse commanded by Colonel Stone-buck, was offered to the House:

And the Question being put. That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Fortefeue have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for Repair of the Highways from the Town of Burlipp, and the Top of Cricklcy-Hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Pudsey have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr Ettrkk, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Lands, Parcel of the Estate of Jane late Wife of Ant. Ettrick Gentleman, to be sold for Payment of Debts; and for the making a Provision for Elizabeth their Daughter, an Infant, and Heir to her said Mother: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resoked, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most Honourable Privy Council, That he will Vot. XII.

please to cause to be printed a List of the Personft Names, to whom Licenses have been granted, pursuant to the A fit lately passed, intituled, An Act against co*ref-ponding with the late King James, and his Adherent.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven- Counterfeit, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, *ng Coin, to consider of the Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, c'ipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom; and nothing to intervene.

A Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses Debtor-in the Keepers of Goals; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Army was presented Army Debt*, to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1695, they were paid in Tallies, as they were necelfitated to fell for 6/51, per Cent.; and for 1096, were forced to take Salt-Tallies; and were obliged to provide Cloathing for 1697; the Lords of the Treasury agreeing, that the Off-reckonings of that Year should he better paid: But the Petitioners do not find by the Votes of this House, that any Provision is made for that Years Cloathing:

And praying, That the House will appropriate such Part of the Funds as shall be given this Session, as will discharge the Debt due to the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of several Clothiers, and others dealing iff Ditto, the Woollen Manufacture, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they furuished Part of the Cloathing for the Army, upon a Promise, that they should speedily be paid; hut fear they shall he delayed, to their great Damage, unless feme Provision be made by the House, out of the Funds to he raised this Session; And praying.

That Consideration may be had for Payment of what is due to them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be 1 referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Sir WUtiam Ashurst reported from the Committee, to bjij, whom the Bill for the better Payment of Inland Bills of «f Exchange. Exchange was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir William Tnmball have Leave to go Leavt into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Athene*.

Ordered, That the Bill for registring Memorials of Registering future Deeds and Conveyances be read a Second time Deeds, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords; and to report to this House, what they find therein of the Proceedings in relation to Mr. Duncomb.

And it is referred to the Lord , Lord Spencer, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Dolben, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Smith, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Moncton, Mr. Boyle, Lord Sir Henry

T t Hobart.

Proceeding* of Ixirds, touching Duncomb's Punishment.

Militia Regulation.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit

S«pply Bill; Land Tax.

Hereford

Workhotifet.

162 16° — I

Hobart, Sir William Lozether, Sir Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr. Colt, Mr. Foley, Mr. Norris.

Resolved, That this House will upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider of the Bill for regulating the Militia.'

Mr. Harvey attending in his Place;

The Petition of the Honourable Elizabeth Harvey, Widow and ReliClof John Harvey Esquire, deceased, relating to him, was read; setting forth, That the Petitioner brought a great Fortune to her said Husband; who, by his lait Will, appointed 20,000l. to be laid out in a Purchase of Lands, to be settled on her during her Life; and, until such Purchase was made, appointed Interest to be paid her for the fame, at 4/. per Cent.per , by

Half-yearly Payments; and made his Brother, Sir Tho. Harvey, deceased, his Executor; who paid the Petitioner during his Life, having never made the said Purchase, though he received AflTets much beyond 2P,oooo /.; That Sir Thomas, Harvey died about Three Years since, leaving John Harvey Esquire, his Son and Heir, his Executor; who refuseth to pay the Petitioner, and hath suffered the Interest to run much in Arrear; and insists on his Privilege, as a Member of this House: And praying, That Mr. Harvey being only Executor of an Executor, and, as to the Petitioner's Demands, but a Trustee, the Petitioner may have Leave to proceed against him, to recover her laid Demands, notwithstanding his Privilege.

To which the said Mr. Harvey being heard.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, rfclolved itself into a Committee of the whole House,' to eonlider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refoked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to eonlider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Joris, 17* die Marlii;

10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

'J'lleodore Stad and Debtless Christman Hopp took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Her ford, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Foley, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Marm. Sir Wm. Blackett,

Sir Herbert Crofts, Sir Wm.St. Quint in, Mr. England, Mr Rotvney, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Yates, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Ro. Harley, Sir Henry Goff", Mr. Rider, Mr. Sanford, Mr. Edw. Harly, Mr. Mr.

Forster, Sir John Kay, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Osborne, Sir Walter Yonge,

70 Martii, A. 1697.

Mr. Hare, Mr. Neale; and all that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, and Stafford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting an Hospital or Hospitals, Crediton Work-house, or Work-houses, and House or Houses of Workhouse* Correction within the Town and Parish of in

Devon, for the better Belief of the Poor there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; And that the Title be, An Act for erecting Hospitals, Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon; and for the better Relief of the Poor there.

Ordered, That Mr. Burrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Conaurrence thereunto.

t

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Eilat* for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereupon, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gardner'* to rectify a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of William Marriage Gardner Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time. e flueul Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Colt, Sir Wm. Scaxcen, Sir John PhillSir

Ayscough. Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Sir Robert

Burdet, Colonel Lee, Mr. England, Mr. Foley, Mr. Blo-feld, Mr. Arnold, Colonel Perry, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Phillips, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Clarke,

Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Cartwright, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Machell, Sir Matth.

Andrews, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Colt,

Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Elzvell,

Mr. Maudit, Mr. Payne, Mr. How, Sir Jacob

Mr. Yates; and all the Members that serve for the County of Gloucester: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Lord Irwin have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the Lists of Commissioners to be in- Supply Bill;, ferted in the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by Land Tax. a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned, for putting the said Act in Execution, be brought in to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Lieutenant Colonel Carpenter be dif- A Person charged of any further Attendance on the Committee, to «}ifch«rged whom the Consideration of the Petition of his Soldiers auid"nce*r was referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sheriffs whom the Bill for the more easy passing of Sheriffs Ac- Account*, counts, and Execution of their Office, was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill j solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Land Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

resolve.

l)btlC8 OB

Leather.

Trade to i»enu~iuy.

Bridgewater bridge aiul

C.lcheffer

Channel.

10 W, III. 170 — 18°Martii. i6$

resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, bd Consider further of the said Bill. ingrossed.

O

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 18* die Marlii j io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AP ET IT ION of the Leathef-dressers, Fellmongers, and Glovers, of the Town of St. Albans, and ford, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Hertford, was presentrd to the House, and read; setting forth. That their Trades are so decayed by the Duty upon Leather, that they mult lay down the fame, or be ruined; and, besides, the Tax is inconsiderable to the Crown, though grievous to many Hundreds of poor People: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, from the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held for the County of Gloucester the 11 th Day of January 1697, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Decay of the Cloathing Trade is so great, that many Parishes pay 3$. in the Pound, out of their Land, to relieve the Poor, who formerly got a good Livelihood thereby; and this, as they are informed, is occasioned by the flow Payments from London to the Clothiers, and the Discouragement the Hamborough Company lies under, who, in former time, bought the Gloucestershire Cloths, paid ready Money, and saw that the Cloths were well made: And praying, That the Hamborough Company may be encouraged in their Trade to Germany, by such Methods as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for supporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany be read a Second time.

Mr. Foley junior reported from the Committee, to Sheri* whom the Bill for the more easy passing Sheriffs Accounts Accouul-was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had direfited him to report tb the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Proviso was offered to be added to the Bill, That the Sheriff of Westmoreland shall have the same Benefit in passing his Accounts as any other Sheriff hath:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House W the Bill.

Ordered, That' the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Walter have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Seizures upoa. Counties of Devon and Cornwall be added to the Com- Outlawries, mtitee, to w hom the Bill for the speedier and more easy Discharge of Seizures in the Exchequer upon Outlawries, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Darnell, Mr. Mr. Archer, Bishop of

Mr. England, Colonel Godfry, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Chichester'* Walters, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Rowney be added to the Eftat*. Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, to enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leases of certain Houses and Grounds belonging to the Bishop -rick of Chichester, situate in Chancery-lane, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland have Leav$ to go i<ave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absencu.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions;

A Bill for the enlarging, preserving, and repairing, the Bridge and Key of the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerscti, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Palmer, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Wm. Blackett, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Mach ell, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Harrison, Major Yates, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Stevens, Mr.

Mr. Maudit, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Hohlyn, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Gwyn, Sir

Day, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Crocker; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Somerset and Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Whitaker reported from the Committee* to whom the Bill to cleanle and make navigable the Channel from the Hithe at Colchester to IVivenhoo was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one. by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, 1‘ome of them were difiigreed to and the llcfiri ue agreed unto, by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Call of th* Fortnight: And that such Members as shall not then Houfa. attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, notwithstanding any Leave to be absent: And that Mr. Speaker do w rite Letters to the Sheriffs of the several Counties of this Kingdom, to summon such Members as are in their respective Counties, to attend upon Monday Fortnight.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported, That the Proceeding^ Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lord* of Lords, what Proceedings are therein, in relation to ^uchin8 Mr. Duncomb, had inlpc&ed the Journals accordingly; and what he found therein, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz

Ut March 1697.

A Message from the House of Commons, by the Lord Hartington and others, who brought up a Bill, intituled,

An Act for punishing Charles Duncombe Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the abovesaid Bill shall be read on Friday next, at 12 of the Clock: And all the Lords summoned to attend.

4* Die

164

18° Ma

A \ 1697.

4* Die 1697.

Proceedings Hodie l* vice lecta est intituled, An Act for

in Lords punishing Charles Duncom Esquire, for contriving and Duncomb's a<*vifing the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, Punishment. made lorth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly, called Exchequer- Bills.

After Debate, the Question was put, Whether this Bill shall be read a Second lime.

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Upon reading the Petition of Charles Duncomb Esquire, now Prisoner in the Tower of London, praying he may be heard by his Counsel at the Bar of this House, before any further Proceeding upon the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made torth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills;

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That he shall be heard by his Counsel on Friday the nth Day of this inltant March, at 12 of the Clock; after which the said Bill shall be read a Second time.

A Debate arising, Whether Counsel shall be heard for - the said Bill j

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament alienable'1, That the said Debate shall be adjourned till Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock: And all the Lords l'ummoned to attend: And that the Clerks bring the Journal wherein the Proceedings on Sir Thomas Cook's Bill are entered.

5* Die Martii 1697.

Then the House resumed the adjourned Debate Yesterday, Whether Counsel shall be allowed for the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer Bills.

After some time spent therein;

Lords Committees were appointed to prepare what shall be offered at a Conference, to be desired with the Commons, upon the Subjefit-matter of the said Bill.

7® Die Martii 1697.

The Earl of Rochester reported from the Committee appointed to prepare what shall be offered at a Conference, to be desired with the Commons, upon the Subjefit-matter of the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills; viz.

That the Lords having entered upon the Consideration of the said Bill, which they received from the Commons; and having read it the First time, and ordered it a Second Reading on Friday next; as also having appointed the said Mr. Duncomb to be heard by his Counsel the same Day, according to his Petition to that Effefit; do observe, That the Matters of Fad, suggested in the said Bill, as the Ground and Foundation upon which it seems to have proceeded in the House of Commons, not ap* (rearing sufficiently before the Lords, their Lordships have desired this Conference, that they may have the Assistance of the Commons in laying the ltate of the said Mutters of Fad more folly before their Lordships.

To which the House agreed.

A Mefl'age was lent to the House of Commons, by Sir John Frank/ynand Sir Joh do desire apresent Conference, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subjefit-niatter of the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly cal led Exchequer- Bills.

The Meffemjers sent to the House of Commons return Answer, That the Commons agree to a Conference as desired.

Ordered, That the Lords of the Committee be appointed Managers of the Conference.

The Commons being come; the House was adjourned during Pleasure: And the Lords went to the Conference:.'-Which being ended, the House was resumed: And the Earl of Rochester reported, That they had delivered the Paper, as commanded.

io° Die Martii 1697.

Upon reading the Petition of Charles Duncomb Esquire, Prisoner in the Tower of London, praying, That he may have Liberty to attend at the Hearing of his Counsel To morrow, upon the Bill now depending in this House against him; and also, That he may have an Order for Witnesses then to attend;

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the said Charles Duncomb shall he brought to this House Tomorrow at 11 of the Clock in the Forenoon; and have an Order for his W'it-nesses, as desired.

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Charles Duncomb, now Prisoner in his Majesty's Tower of London, shall be brought to this House Tomorrow at 11 of the Clock in the Forenoon.

To the Lord Lucas, Chief-Governor of his Majesty's Tincer of London; and to the Deputy-Governor of the said Tower.

It is Ordered,-by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Samuel Story, Jacob Sheldrake, Hanzeorth Fitch, John Francis, Francis Repelt, and Tho. Painter, do attend this House, Tomorrow at 11

a Clock, as Witnesses, to be examined on the behalf of Charles Duncomb Esquire.

A Meffuge was brought from the House of Commons, by the Lord Hartington and others, to dtfire a Conference upon the Subjefit-inatter of the last Conference: To which the House agreed.

Then the Commons were called in; and told. That the Lords agreed to a Conference, as desired; and appointed it to be at 12 of the Clock Tomorrow, in the Painted Chamber.

11® Die Martii 1697.

The Commons being come to the Conference, the former Managers Names were read: Then the House was adjourned during pleasure: And the Lords went to the Conference: Which being ended, the House was resumed: And the Earl of Rochester reported, That they had attended the Conference; which was managed by the Lord Hartington j who acquainted the Lords, That they having desired at a Conference, That the Commons would acquaint their Lordships with the Matters of Fafit, upon which the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false In--dorfements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, was grounded; the Commons had commanded him to acquaint their Lordships, That the said Bill was grounded as w ell upon Proof, as the Confession of Mr. Duncomb. As U> the Confession; He was commanded by the Commons to affirm, in their Names, to the Lords, That Mr. Duncomb did iu his Place confess, That he had those Bills of Mr. Dccosta the Jew; and that, upon receiving those Bills, he told Mr. Decosta, there must be a Name set to them; and advised him to set his own, or that he might set another: He further confessed. That he paid them into the Exchequer. As to the Proof; Mr. Serjeant Wright and Mr. Dormer, being Counsel for the Bill, did produce several Persons, who did, in the Opinion of the Commons, make out the Allegations in the said Bill.

After Debate, the following Orders were made:

W'hereas this Day was appointed for hearing Charles Duncomb Esquire against the Bill, intituled, An A fit lor punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, lor contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bill.-, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills;

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That he shall be heard by his Counsel, what he hath to offer against the said Bill, on 24 Tuesday

1

Duncomb liberated by the Lords.

Committee tolenrch for Precedents.

to W. III. i8 — 19° Martii. 165

Tuesday the 15th of this instant March, at 11 of the Clock: And that Mr. Serjeant Wright and Mr. Domin' have Notice then to attend, and to lay before this House what Evidence they think proper for proving the Allegations of the said Bill: And that they have Orders for what Wilnefies they desire.

It is Ordered, by die Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Charles Duncomb Esquire shall be, and is hereby, remanded Prisoner to his Majesty's Tower of London.

To the Lord Lucas, Chief-Governor of his Majesty's Totverof London; and . the Deputy Governor thereof.

It is Ordered, by the Lords, Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That Charles Duncomb Esquire, now Prisoner in his Majesty's Toicer of London, shall be brought to this House on Tuesday the 1,5th Day of this instant March, at 10 of the Clock in the Forenoon.

To the Lord Lucas, Chief-Governor of his Majesty's Tower of London; and the Deputy-Governor thereof.

15 March 1697.

This Day Mr. Serjeant Wright and Mr. Dormer attended, as ordered the 1 ith Instant: and laid before this House what Evidence they thought proper for proving the Allegations in the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of lade Indorsements of l'everal Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills; and produced several Witnesses to that Purpose; who were heard at the Bar:

After which, Counsel being heard for Mr. Duncomb againltthe said Bill;

Hodie 2* vice lecta est Billa intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, lor contriving and advising the making of fade IndorLments of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

A Debate arising, and the Question being put, Whether this Bill shall oe committed:

It wasrefolved in the Negative.

It is Ordered, by the lairds Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for punishing Charles Duncomb Esquire, for contriving and advising the making of false Indorsements of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, shall be, and is hereby, rejected.

It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled. That Charles Duncomb Esquire, now Prisoner in his Majesty's Tower of London, shall be, and he is hereby, discharged from the imprisonment he now lies under: And this shall be a sufficient Warrant on that behalf.

To the Lord Lucas, Chief-Governor of

his Majesty's Tower o f Loand the Deputy Governor thereof.

It appearing to this House, That Charles Duncomb Esquire, committed by this House to the Tower of Lonaon, is discharged by the Order of the House of Lords;

Refolx'ed, Nemine contradicente, That a Committ ?e be appointed to search Precedents, in what manner this House, in like Cafes, have asserted their ancient Rights and Privileges:

And it is referred to Lord Marquis Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Lord Spencer Sir Jof.Jekyll, Mr. Moyle, Sir E Mr. Morris, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Lord Cavendish, Lord Paxtiet, Sir Wm. Mr. Mr.

Dolben, Mr. Met In ceil, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Walter Yonge, Colonel GodJ'ry Sir Walters, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Harley, Mr. Sloane, Lord Ashley, Mr. Attorney-General, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Hairy Sir

Godfry Copley, Sir Marm. WivSir

St. Quintin, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Arnold, Vol. XII.

Mr. Montague, Sir Isaac Rebow, Lord Cutts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit de die in diem', and in a Morning, during the Sitting of the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^and consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid by a Land Tax, for one Year, to raise Money for dif-banding Foi'ces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair-

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker retinned the Clmir.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider further of tfte said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committe*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

ft

Sabbati, 19* die Martii; 10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Master, Wardens, and Com- Hudson'sBay monalty of the Mystery of Skinners, London, was Company, presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Pill depending in the House for confirming to the Hudsons Bay Company their Charter, Privileges, and Trade; which is now managed in a joint Stock; and is found to be very prejudicial to the Petitioners, and the Exportation of the Woollen and other Manufactures: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses Trade to of the Corporation of Taunton, in the County of Somer- Germany. Jett, together with divers Shopkeepers, Sergemakers, Fullers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufactury, retiding in and near the fame, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have greatly found the Benefit of an Act, made in the First Year of his Majesty's Reign, for opening a free Trade to Germany; by which the Price of Wool was considerably advanced, and far greater Quantities of its Product exported, than w hen the Trade was confined to a select Company; who hitherto have not bought the 20th Part of the Goods made by the Petitioners: And praying, That the Trade to Germany may be continued free and open, in l'uch manner as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for supporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Sergemakers, and others concerned Ditto, in, and depending upon, the making of Serges, within the Borough of Ashburton in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, relating to the Bill for supporting the Merchant-Adventurers of England in their Trade to Germany.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for CoIcheAer erecting Ilotpitals and Work-houses within the Town of Work-boufea. Colchester, in the County of Esse.r, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof: And that Sir

U u Isaac

v

19* Martii.

A. 1697.

Isaac Rebow, Sir John Mordant, and Mr. Whitaker, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Importing A Petition of James and William Keech, on be-

rr* wh half of themselves, and the relt of the Part-owners of the

Flvboat, Ship, called the Elizabeth Flyboat, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry Colt, and Mr. Perry do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

Resumption A Petition of Katherine Countess of Abercorne, in be-of Grants, half of herself, and her Husband Charles Earl of Aber-

Corne, was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Husband's Brother being killed in the Service of the late King James, his Estate was comprehended with others attainted, as well as the Petitioner's Husband's though he was a Protestant, and turned out of Command by King James out of the English Army, being zealous for the present Government j which has been represented to the King, and his Forfeitures remitted: Besides which, the Petitioner discharged an Incumbrance of 7,000l. thereon; and had the Barony of Saraban, Part of her Husband's Estate settled upon her: And this House did, the last Session, distinguish the Petitioner s same by a particular Clause in a then Bijl depending: And praying, the like Care may be taken of her by the present Bill in the House for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Importing A Petition of the Master and Wardens of the Cornmu-ititbk Tallow, mty and Fellowship of Soap-makers and Chandlers, in the City of Bristoll, in behalf of themselves, and the whole Community, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since a Duty has been laid upon Irish Tallow imported into England, our Plantations have been generally supplied with Candles from Ireland, where they cau afford them 30/. per Cent, cheaper than here; neither can Candles here be made without Irish Tallow fit for the warm Countries; so that the Candle-Trade to the Plantations is much lessened; and will be loft, if feme speedy Care, more than the Laws in Force do allow, be not taken to prevent the fame; which, the Petitioners conceive^ may be done by allowing a Drawback on Exportation: And praying the Consideration and Encouragement of the House for making Candles in England.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the . 1 Trade of England and; and how to make the

Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

African A Petition of Sir Nicholas Crisp Baronet was presented

Trade. go the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Grandfather, Sir Nicholas Crisp, was the First Person who discovered and settled the Trade to j and had a Patent from King Charles the First for the foie Trade thither: And Sir Nicholas built a Castle at Corman-teen; and, with other Charges in managing the Trade till the Reiteration of King Charles the Second, was out of Pocket above 100,000l.: And then the King was informed, That the Trade to Africa was too great for a single Person, he annulled the said Patent, and established a Company, awarding them to pay Sir Nicholas 20,000 /. which they promised to do; but, they failing, never performed: That the present Company were settled on the same Foot as the former; and, when they first petitioned this House'for an Establishment, their chief Argument and Inducement was, that they were to pay the said 20,000 /. to Sir Nicholas, upon resigning his Interest,

who is since dead; but by his Will doubts not but this Nation will make Compensation to his Family for their very great Loss: Therefore the Petitioner prays, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration; and provide, that the present African Company, or the Traders to Africa, may make such reasonable Cornpen-fation to the Petitioner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa is committed.

A Petition of several Merchants, trading and interested in the Sugar-Plantations in America, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, there being a Bill in the House for settling the Trade to Africa, the Petitioners are sensible it will be a great Benefit to secure that Trade to this Kingdom, by maintaining Forts and Cattles there, with an equal Duty upon all Goods exported, to be paid into the Hands of the Governor of the African Company: And praying that the said Bill may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Planters of his Majesty's Leeward Caribbee Blands was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have seen the several printed Reasons for and against the Bill, depending in the House, for settling the Trade to Africa; and humbly conceive it necessary to maintain Forts and Castles for preservation of that Trade: And the Royal African Company having been at great Charges in maintaining them, and in giving the Planters Credit; and since they offer a Freedom for all Persons to trade thither, paying a certain Sum perCent. for all Goods exported, towards defraying the Charges of the said Forts: the Petitioners pray, That a Bill may pass for that Purpose, that the Plantations may be more plentifully supplied with Negroes, and at cheaper Rates.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Mountferrat was presented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Price of Negroes is very much advanced, and Credit very much lessened, since private Merchants have had Admittance to Trade to Africa; which was much better carried on for the Advantage of the Plantations, when in the Hands of the African Company: And praying, That Company may be so settled, for the Security of the Negro-Trade to the Plantation, as the Petitioners may reap the Benefits they formerly enjoyed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa is committed.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, That no Person shall be charged to the Relief of the Poor, for a certain Time, that shall pay a certain Sum of Money for the Use of the Corporation:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up: -j)

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of DefCon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.)

24 Ordered,

Africa*

Trade.

Ditto*.

Ditto.

Tiverto*

WorkJioufe*

Leave of Absence*

Fitz-Harris*

EiUte.

Improving Woollen Ma-muia&ure.

Privilege of a Member in a Sait.

Children of Soldiers Nat.

Supprtfiing House-breakers-

Persons ordered to attend-

African

Trad*.

10 w. m. 19 — 2

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Chief Justice of

Chester, have Leave to go that Circuit, which is already appointed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Sir Henry Fitz-Harris is referred, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir George Hungerford, according to Order, presented

to the House a Bill for the better improving of the Woollen Manufacture: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight

A Petition of the Lord Culpeper, Baron of Thoresway, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by virtue of the last Will of his Father John Lord Culpeper, and other Settlements, he hath a just Right to certain Lands, which have been long detained from him by Thomas Lord Fairf ax, a Member of this House; who, the last Session of Parliament, as the Petitioner is informed, did, in his Place, affirm to the House, That he never refused to wave his Privilege to the Petitioner; yet now he infills upon it, though the Petitioner always was ready to wave his Privilege to the Lord Fairfax: And praying Leave to prosecute the Lord Fairfax for Recovery of his just Right.

To which the Lord Fairfax being heard in his Place;

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize the Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and others, the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War, the Parents of such Children having been in the Service*of this Government, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Evelyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Discovery and Suppression of House-breakers: And the same was received.

The Question being put, That the Bill be now read the First time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Glover, and Mr. Levy, and Mr. Williamson, Receivers of Yorkshire, do attend this House upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, revived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progreft in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill j and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Vol. XII.

\ Martii. 167

Lunce, 21* die Martii;

10 Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ABIL L for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately Turner'* made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Turner Estate* Esquire, his Son, lor the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest upon their Estate, was according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Freeman,

Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Robert Burdett,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Purnell, Sir Gilbert Clark,

Mr. Pendarvis, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Bertie, Mr.

Stonehouse, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Wm. Sir Math.

Andrews, Sir John Kay, Mr. Vivian, Mr. Foley, Sir Fra.

Masham, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Gi'anville, Sir Eliah Harvey, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sir Cha.

Turner, Mr. Manley, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Clark, Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Rxrumey, Sir John Bucknall, Sir Cha. Barrington,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Gery, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Daniell,

Sir Rich. Onslow, Lord Norfts, Sir John Mr. Machell; and all that serve for the Counties of Norfolk, Suffolk, Cambridge, and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Francis Gee Gentleman, and Sarah his Ditto. Wife, one of the Daughters of Sir Edicard , was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House, for supplying a Delect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual lecuring the Sum of 12,000l. and Interest, upon their Estate; and the Petitioners are advised, That the Palling of the said Bill will greatly prejudice their Interest:

They therefore pray, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the Passing of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Cox have Leave to go into the Leave of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

A Bill to enable Streinsham Masters Esquire, to fell Matter's Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Estate. Articles of Marriage; and to convey Lands in Derbyshire, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brth therton, Sir Marm. Wivell, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Shackerh), Mr. Gery, Sir Robert Burdett, Mr. Osborne, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Math. Andrews, Sir Gilbert Clark, Sir Henry Mr. Priestman. Mr. Fleming, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Moyle,

Mr. Clark, Mr. England, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Mason,

Mauditt, Colonel Granvill, Mr. Hoare, Sir Cha, Windham, Mr. Harvey, Sir Baz. Dixwell, Mr.

Mr. Wharton, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Foley, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Manly, Mr. Moor, Sir Robert Sr

Tho. Roberts, Mr. Petry, Mr Evelyn, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Henry LyddaU, Mr. Aylmore; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Derby, Chester, Kent, and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Soap- Copper makers, Tallowchandlers, Bakers, Mealmen, Oilmen, Coinage. Victuallers, Distillers, and Retailers in general of Botolph's Aldgate, London, East , and St. Mary

Whitechapel, in the County of , in behalf of

themselves, any many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Patentees for coining Copper Halfpence and Farthings have coined such , vast Quantities of them at an under Value, 20#. in Tale being not worth above 9 s.Sterling, that they are become

a great

Leave of Absence,

Wove

Buttons.

168 $i° Mar. 1697.

a great Clog to the Petitioners Trades: And praying a Redrels of their Grievance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Meatmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Moor have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Button-makers in or near the Town of Macclesfetld, in the County Palatine of Chester, in the

Name of themselves, and all others of their Trade, in or hear the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, before such vast Quantities of cloth and wove Buttons were worn, the Petitioners, by their Trade, which is now much decayed thereby, maintained their Families comfortably, who now are become burdensome to their Parishes and Relations: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Relief of the said Petitioners: And that Sir Manwaring and the Lord Poulett do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and May's Nat Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Charles May Esquire, with an Amendment:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House being informed. That Mr. and Persons

Mr. Levy attended, according to Order; but that Mr. exan, lue* Glover was out of Town;

Mr. Williamson and Mr. Levy were called in:

And Mr. Levy was examined.

And then they withdrew'.

Ordered, That the said Mr. L,evy and Mr. Williamson be discharged of their further Attendance upon this Ilouie.

A Bill for registring Memorials of future Deeds and Ri-aiftrinf Conveyances was, according to Order, read a Second Deeds, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

SupprefTing

House-braak-

fers.

Leave of Absence.

Gardiner's

Marriage

Settlement.

Inland Bills of Exchange.

Hawkes*

Estate.

I/we of Abb nee.

f.ords clcfire Leave for a Mend er to attend them.

A Bill for the better Discovery and Supprcfiing of Housebreakers was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. James Moun Chief Justice of Ely, have Leave to go the Circuit.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to rectify a Mistake in the Marriage-Settlement of William Gardiner Esquire, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time' upon Wednesday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be, An Act for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Exchange.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashurst do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable John Hazvkes, and Abigail his Wife, to fell Lands in the County of Salop, for Payment of Debts: And that Mr. Edze. Harley do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashby have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Message from the Lords, by the Lord Chief Baron Ward, and Mr. Justice Nevill , Mr. Speaker,

We arc commanded by the Lords to acquaint this House, That whereas a lcandalous Paper, reflecting on the Lord Chancellor, and his Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, hath been complained otj and read in the House of Lords; of which, their Lordships are informed upon Oath, That Mr. Robert Bertie, a Member of this House, can give feme Account; their Lordships do desire, That, for that Purpose, this House will give Leave for him to appear before the Lords.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their ow n.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hewett'a vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Hewett Esquire, lying in the County of , settled

upon his Marriage; and, with the Money arising the reby, . for purchasing other Lands in Leicestershire, where his Estate and Seat lies, to-be settled to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,1

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hare'* the better enabling Sir Ralph Hare Baronet to make a Estate* Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords, to Woollen M*. put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act to en- nufatiure*. courage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seymour do carry, the said Message.

Sir John Phillips, according to Order, reported, from ?upon>flin«; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Rroianeueik, for the more effectual suppressing of Blasphemy and Pro- &t* faneness was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout:

And the First Amendment being read a Second time

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the YcaJ"r' Tredmhm, t i\Ir. I ravers:

Tellers for the Noes, jr‘ Bohun,

[Mr. Soane:

So it passed in the Negative.

The rest of the Amendments, being read a Second time, one by one, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered,

1

73.

] 140.

Regulating

Elections.

Militia

Regulations.

Timber in New-Forest,

Supply Bill; vacating Grants in Ireland.

Importing

GiakIs in

Elizabeth

llyboat.J

Burlipp

Roads*

io W. III. Martii. t6$

Ordered, That the Bili, with the Amendment, be kigrofied.

Ordered, That the Bill for the farther regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, at Eleven a Clock, resolve 'itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for regulating and settling the Militia.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Increase and Preservation of the Timber in the New-Forest, in the County of Southampton, be read a Third time upon this Day Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the J3th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 22* die Martii;

10° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

'yylLliam Lloyd Esquire took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

the Estate of Jane, late Wife of Anthony Ft trick G<n- F.ttrick'i tleman, to be l'old, for Payment of Debts; and for the EiUte. making a Provision for Elizabeth, their Daughter, an Infant, and Heir to her said Mother; was* according to Order, read a Second time. \

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to *.

A Petition of Henry Whistler Esquire, and llenry Ditto. Griffith Merchant, was presented to the Housej and read; setting forth, That, in 1673, Sir Samuel Starling was seised to certain Pieces of waste Grounds lying in ana near the Tow'n of Ebisham, in Surry; which, amongst other Lands, he deviled to Trustees for Richard Starling his Nephew, for Life, with divers Remainders bVeV:

That the Trustees, end the said Richard, conveyed the said Pieces of Ground to the Petitioners, fotion Yea'll, at a foil Consideration; Who have built, and laid deft* several Thousand Pounds, thereon; but Richard ib dead, leaving only a Daughter, who is married to Etttick, and hath a Bill depending in the House for vetting in Trustees certain Lands, Parcel of the Estate of Janb, late Wife of Anthony Ettrick Gentleman, to be sold, for

Paymehtof Debts; and for tnaking a Provision for Elis. their Daughter, an Infant, and Heir to her said Mother; wherein the said Lands are included; and the Rent re* served on the Petitioners Lease is demanded by Starlings a Nephew to the said Sir Samuel, as Heir Male: A Suit in Chancery is also depending between the PetitionerSj and the said Ettrick, touching the said Prey mises: And therefore they pray. That the said Bill nidy be rejected.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom . said BiH is committed.

A Petition of Joseph Starling Gentleman, Samuel Ditto.

Mr. Perry, according to Order, presented to the Starling Esquire, and Samuel St anting, an Infant, was

House a Bill for the importing several Goods and Mer- presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That

chandizes, laden at Jamaica on board the Ship called the the Petitioners under and, there is a Bill depending ih Elizabeth Flyboat, paying such Customs as shall be due the House, for vetting in Trustees certain Lands, Parcel and payable for the fame: And the same was received. of the Estate of Jane, late Wife of Anthony Ettrick The Bill was read the First time. Gentleman, to be sold, for Payment of Debts; and for

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon the making a Provision for Elizabeth, their Daughter, an Friday Morning. Infant, and Heir to her said Mother: That the Petitioners are advised, they are infilled, or at least after the Death

A Bill for repair of the Highways from the Town of o f Elisnow about four Years of Age, to the said Estate Burlipp, and the Top of Crickley-hill, in the County of intended to be sold: And praying, That they may be

Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester, was, according to heard by Counsel against the said Bill.

' Order, read a Second' time. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ettrick, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill' is

Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Gwytm, Mr. Hone, Mr. Bof- committed.

careen, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Pc?'ry, Mr. Mountstexens, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Blofeld, Sir God fry Copley, Mr. Stevens, Sir Mr. Palmer reported from the Committee, t6 whofn Bridgewater Wm. Cooper, Sir Fra. Madam, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. the Bill for the enlarging, add preserving, and' repairing. Bridge and England, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Pinnel, the Bridge and Quay of the Borough of BridgCwater, in Quay*

Mr. Granville, Mr. Bickerstaffie, Sir Robert Bordet , Mr. the County of Somersett, was committed', That they had Palmer, Mr, Sherrard, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Rorwney, Mr. made several Amendments to tfte Bili; which they had Osborne, Mr. Daniell, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Trye, Mr. directed him to report to the House; which he read ih his

Stockdale, Sir John Kay, Mr. Lambtm, Mr. Ashley, Place; and afterwards delivered irt- at the Clerk's Table:

Mr. Mawdit, Mr Hedger, Mr. Berkly, Sir John Cotton, Where the feme were once read-throughout; and then Lord Coningsby, Lord Fairfax; and all the Members a Second tiine, one by one; and, upon- the Question that lerve for the Counties of Gloucester, Hereford, and severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Monmouth: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five Ordered, That the Billi with the Amendments, be a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber. ingrossed.

Ifimetres Mr. Colt acquainted the House, from the Committee,

committed to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company of England is referred. That Thomas Dewy and Thomas Mandrcw, who were summoned to attend the said Committee, had prevaricated with, and refused to give satisfactory Answers to such Questions, as they were examined to, by the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Thomas and Thomas

Mandrow be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Lands, Parcel of r- VoE. XII.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker db iflbe his Warrfent to Whitechorch the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new. Writ, for Writ, the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough-of Whiteohurdk, in the County of Southampton, in the room- of Christopher Stokes Efijuire, deceased.

Sir Edward SemCard, according to Order, presented Exeter to the House a Bill for erectin® of Mospitals and1 Wotk- Work-houfM. heufes within the City and" County of Exeter, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor these; And the feme was received.

X x The

ColchefUr

Work-houfies.

Army

Arrears.

170

22* Martii. A. 1697.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Sir Isaac Rebow, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for erecting Hofphals and Work-houses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Marmaduke Wivell reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of John and Christopher

Hoskins, on behalf of themselves, and several others that were broke, out of his Grace the Duke of Ormond 's Troop of Horse-Guards in Flanders, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Examination of the Petition of John Jeans, Christopher Hoskins, and others, broke, out of the Duke of Ormond's Troop of Guards:

Complaint was made by Roger Vaughan, That he paid Sixty Guineas to be admitted into the Troop; and Christopher Hoskins said, He paid 60/. upon the same Account: But they, being asked how long it is since they gave that Money, did both of them say, It was about 15 Years ago, when the Duke of Ormond was not concerned in the Troop: And therefore the Committee did not think it necessary to inquire any further into that Matter.

John Jeans, Christopher Hoskins, and most of the other Petitioners, laid, They mounted themselves when they came into the Troop; and paid 2 6d. per Month,

towards buying Horses, whilst they staid in the Troop; and that, nevertheless, when they were broke, their Horses, and all their Accoutrements, were taken from them:

Colonel Poultney, on the Behalf of the Duke of Ormond,

allowed their Horles and Arms were taken from several of them, when they were broke; but insisted, That though they did buy their own Horses, when they came into the Troop, yet, as soon as they entered the Troop, the Horses were the King's: And if any of the Troopers had their Horles given, when they left the Troop, it was a Favour, and more than they could of Right demand:

He infilled further, That, when any Trooper is broke, his Accoutrements must be taken away, to equip the Man that comes into the Troop in his Stead:

And, as to the is. 6 d.per Month; he answered, That it was paid towards remounting; and that those that loll their Horses whilst in the Troop were remounted with it; but that did not give them a Title to their Horses, when they were broke.

That Christopher Hoskins and Edmund Pryor complained, they were broke, and knew no just Cause for it:

Colonel Poultney answered, That Christopher Hoskins abused a Sutler; and Edmund Pryor was often drunk.

Chr. Hoskins laid, He was not tried by any Court-Martial for abusing the Sutler; and that he only threw a Can of Beer in his Face:

Colonel Poultney said, That, by the Articles of War, private Troopers might be broke without a Court-Martial; and that, when Complaint is made of any private Trooper, the Colonel is Judge whether he deserves to be broke or no.

Hoskins further complained, That he paid Seven Months Off-reckonings for Cloaths, which he wore but Two Months; and were taken away from him when he was broke:

Colonel Poultney answered, That though he did not begin to wear his Cloaths till about May; yet they were bought in January, and the Account begins from that Time; and he paid for no longer Time than he was in the Troop.

That Edmund Pryor said, That his Cloaths were taken

from him when ho left the Troop; though new Cloaths were bespoke, and taken Measur for; which was contrary to the Custom of the Army:

Colonel Poultney allowed, That if he had staid in the Troop till new Cloaths catne, and had been then broke, he should have had his old Cloaths given him; but said. He was broke in November; and though Measure might be taken for new Cloaths at that time, jet the Cloaths did not come; nor is the Cloathing reckoned to begin till. January; and the Man that came into Pryors Place, allowed Off-reckonings for the old Cloaths, from November)' till January.

That all the Petitioners complained. That they had paid considerable Sums of Money for Baggage-Horses, which were afterwards taken from them; and they had not their Money again for them:

Colonel Poultney replied, That Baggage-Horses were bought by the Colonel's Order, that cost 600l. which was stopt out of the Arrears; and that the Troopers had the Use of them, till, by general Consent of the Officers, they were fold; and that the Money, which they were fold for, fell much short of what they cost; but that Sum he had offered to divide amongst them: lie said further. That, when the Horses were bought, they paid very dear for them, by reason of the high Discount on -Tallies; which made the Loss greater, when they were fold.

That Edmund Pryor complained, That he had 45/. is. due to him for Off-reckonings:

Mr. Cornish answered, That he contrafted with the Duke to provide Cloaths for the Troop; and produced the Contract; by which, he said, he was a considerable Loser; and, pursuant to that Contract, Mr. Piyor's Cloaths came to 40/. 6s.: So that there is 4I. 16 s. due to him; which he was ready to pay, if he would accept it.

That most of the Petitioners made a Complaint of the same Nature; and had an Answer to the same Purpose given them.

That William Perry complained, That Money was stopt from him for Cloaths that he never had:

Colonel Poultney answered, It was Five Years ago since those Cloaths were provided; and that he could not now prove, that they were delivered to him: But

Mr. Cornish said, He has since paid him 9/. on the Account of Off-reckonings; which is all that is due to him.

Francis Kersey said, He has Money due to him for Subsistence:

Colonel Poultney produced^an Acquittance in full of* all Demands, under his Hand.

He pretended, That he was compelled by Threats to sign that Acquittance; but produced no Proof of it.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petition of John Jeanes, Christopher Hoskins, and others, broke, out of his Grace the Duke Troop of Guards, is groundless.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of John Jeanes, Christopher Hoskins, and others, broke, out of his Grace the Duke of Ormond's Troop of Guards, is groundless.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington reported, from the Committee appointed to search Precedents, in what Manner this House, in like Cafes with Charles Esquire, who was committed by this House to the Tower of London, and discharged by the Order of the House of Lords, have asserted their ancient Rights and Privileges, the Precedents which they have found; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

(*)

Liberation by Lords of Pri-foneis committed by the House.

22° M

10W. III.

(*) 2" Jacobi i\ 23 Mail.

Jones the Prisoner to be lent for hither; and to attend his Discharge from the House. —

That the Pril'oners committed by us cannot be taken from us, and committed by any other.

18# Jacob. 1. Veneris, 1 ti

Another Message from the Lords, by the same Messengers; bringing the Names of some Pril'oners. — By Command from this House, desire to have them delivered to their own Officers, that they may have the Examination of them at their Pleasure: — And delivered their Names; Geo. Gelder, North, and others: — And desire to know,

whether this House will fend an Answer to the Lords this Day, who elle will rife.

Upon the Question, Resolved, That all such of the Pril'oners, as are in the Serjeant's Custody, whom the Lords shall require for Examination, shall be delivered to the Lords to be examined; and then to be remanded to the Custody of the Serjeant.

Veneris, 40 die Junii 1675.

The Commons acquainted the Lords at a Conference, as follow eth; viz.

We are further commanded to acquaint you, That the Enlargement of the Persons imprisoned by Order of the House of Commons, by the Gentleman-Ulher of the Black-Rod; and the Prohibition, with Threats, to all Officers, and other Persons whatsoever, not to receive or detain them; is an apparent Breach of the Rights and Privileges of the House of Commons: And they have therefore cauled them to be retaken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms; and hath committed them 10 the Tower.

Lunce, 70 die Junii 1675, post Meridiem.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That no Perl'on committed for Breach of Privilege, by Order of this House, ought to be discharged during the Session of Parliament, but by Order or Warrant of this House.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That the Lieutenant of the Tcrwer, in receiving, and detaining in Custody, Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Peek, Serjeant Pembei'ton, and Mr. Porter, performed his Duty, according to Law; and, for so doing, he shall have the Assistanee and Protection of this House.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That the Lieutenant of the Tower, in same he hath received, or shall receive, any Writ, Warrant, Order, or Commandment, to remove or deliver any Person or Persons committed for Breach of Privilege, by any Order or Warrant of this House, shall not make any Return thereof, or yield any Obedience thereunto, before he hath first acquainted this House, and received their Order and Directions how to proceed therein.

Ordered, That these Resolutions be immediately sent to the Lieutenant of the Tower.

Mart is, 8° die Junii 1675.

Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tower, gives an

Account to the House of his receiving the Persons, committed to the Tower, into his Custody, in Obedience to the Order of this House: And that the Black-Rod coming afterwards, with an Order from the Lords, and demanding them out of his Custody, he denied to deliver them, because they were committed by Order of this House: And that, after he had received the Votes of this House, lait Night, relating to the said Persons, now Prisoners in the Toiver by Order of this House, Sir Geo. Charnock, Serjeant at Arms attending the Lord Keeper of the Great Seal of England, brought him four several Writs of Habeas Corpus, under the Great Seal of England, for bringing the said several Persons, this Morning at Ten of the Clock, before his Majesty in his present Parliament at JVcstmnster: And that he did, according to the Vote of this House, humbly crave the Advice and Direction of this House, what he should do therein.

And the Matter being debated;

Mr. Speaker did, by the Direction of the House, intimate to Sir John Robinson, Lieutenant of the Tmver.

That he should forbear to return the said Writs of Habeas Corpus; acquainting him, That it was the Opinion of

(*) This is, by Miilake, in the Journal,

171

the House, That he could be in no Danger in not return- Liberation by ing the fame. Lords of Pn-

Mercur'd, 9° die Junii 1675. minedbyOi*

Resolved, Nerninc eontradicente, That no Commoners House. J of England, committed by Order or Warrant of the House of Commons, for Breach of Privilege, or Contempt, of that House, ought, without Order of that ( House, to be by any Writ of Habeas Corpus, or other Authority whatsoever, made to appear and answer, and do and receive a Determination, hi the Hopfe of Peers* during that Session of Parliament, wherein such Person was so committed.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That the Older of the House of Peers, for the iffiiing out Writs of Habeas Coipus, concerning Serjeant Peck, Sir John Churchill,

Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Char.Porter, is insufficient, and illegal; for that it is general, and expresses no particular Cause of Privilege, and commands the King's Great Seal to be put to Writs not returnable before the said House of Peers.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente, That the Lord Keeper be acquainted with these Resolutions j to the End that the said Writ of Habeas Corpus may be superleded, as contrary to Law, and the Privileges of this House.

Resolved, Nemine eontradicente. That a Message be sent to the Lords, to acquaint them. That Serjeant Peck, Sir John Churchill, Serjeant Pemberton, and Mr. Charles Porter, were committed by Order and Warrant of this House, for Breach of the Privilege, and Contempt of the Authority, of this House.

Veneris, 25° die Oct. i# Gulet Maria:.

Major IVildman all'o reports. That the Committee had made as much Examination, into what Precedents there are of Commitments by the Authority of the House, as the Shortness of the Time would permit: And that they do find several Cafes of Commitments, and things of that Nature; as particularly,

Mitchell's Cafe, 1 Jacobi lmi.

Levett's Cafe, 19 Jacobi.

Sir John Bennett's Cafe.

The same of the Light-houses.

Sir Francis Mitchell's Cafe.

Sir James Smith's Cafe, and others.

The same of the Judges of King Charles the Ift, 14

Maii 1660.

Of Thurlaw, 15® Maii 166 0.

Goods seized by the Serjeant, 16® Maii 1660.

The Lords Answer upon a Conference, 21 May 1660.

The same of Milton, 16 June 1660.

The Serjeant delivered his Prisoners to the Tower, 25*

Augusti 1660.

The same of Fox, 30th August 1660.

Of the Transporters of Wool, 9* Novem 1660.

Of Phillips, 13 Nowemb' 1660.

Of Commissioner Pett,31 Oct. 19 Car. 2<u.

All which Cafes, in the Journals of 1660, and 19® Car.

24*, were read.

And the House being informed, That several of the Prisoners in the Tower were now bailing in the Court of King's-Bench, being brought thither by the Governor of the Tower, by virtue of a Habeas Corpus, awarded for that Purpose; particularly Sir 7 ho Joiner, Mr. Richard Graham, and Mr. Philip Burton;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jenner, Mr. Richard Graham, and Mr. Philip Burton, be immediately brought to this House, by the Governor of the Tower, to answer such Questions as shall be objected against them.

And Mr. Speaker ifl'ued his Warrant accordingly: And the same was lent by the Serjeant at Arms attending the House.

Afterwards, the Serjeant acquainted the House, That Sir Thomas Jenner was bailed, and gone out of Court:

And that Mr. Graham was bailing in the Court: And that, notwithstanding, he had delivered the Warrant to the Governor of the Tower: And that he was coming, with Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jenner be sent for in Custody

of

Martiu

17a

1697.

Liberation by of the Serjeant at Arms attending tills House, to answer Luna, 4® Novembris, i® et Maria.

fonr!*°fPri" to Matters as shall be objected aguinlt him. The House being informed, That Sir

nuu'ed by the The House being informed, That Mr. Burton and Mr. attended at the Door, according to the Order of this Day* House. Graham were a.t the Door j Sevennight;

They were severally called in, to the Bar of the House; He was called in, to the Bar; and heard what he had and charged with the several Matters mentioned in the to say to the Matters objected against him. said Report; and heard what they could say tpuehing the That the said Sir Thomas be commit*

fame. ted to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Graham, and Mr. Philip 23* die Jan. 6* Guiielmi.

Burton, be committed to the Custody of the Serjeant at Ordered, That the Commissioners for taking and stating Arms attending this House, for several high Crimes and the publick Accounts do, upon Friday Morning next, lay Misdemeanors objected against them. before this House their Observations of the Abuses, and

Bcfo/ved, That a Committee be appointed to examine ill Practices, committed by the several Agents of the Re-Witnesses Mr. Graham and Mr. Burton j and to giments of the Army.

prepare a Charge against them. Ordered, That the said Commissioners do then also lay

Sabbat 1, 26® Oct. i® Gidicl. et Maria. before this House the Names of such of the Agents of The House being informed, That the Earl of Castle- the Regiments of the Army, as have neglected to attend mai/ie, Sir Edward Hales, Charles Hales Esquire, and them upon their Summons.

Obadiah Walker, Prisoners in the Tower, were brought to Ordered, That Agent do forthwith lay be-

the King's- Bench by the Governor of the Tower, by virtue fore this House a particular Account of all the Monies of Habeas Corpora, in order to their Bailing; received from the Earl of and the Times of

Ordered, That a Warrant be font to the Governor of such Receipts, since the 28th Day of May last; and how the Twwei', to bring immediately before this House the be has paid or disposed of the said Money; and when, Earl of Castlemaine, Sir Edward Hales, Charles Hales and to w hom, he paid the lame; and what remains in his Esquire, and Obadiah Walker, to answer such Matters as hands.

be charged against them. 24 die Jan. Sexto Guiielmi.

Accordingly Mr. Speaker issued his Warrant: And Mr. , from the Commissioners for taking and the same was lent by the Serjeant. stating the publick Accounts, presented to the House;

The Serjeant at Arms acquaints the House, That the according to Order, their Observations of the Abuses, and Deputy-Governor of the Tower informed him, That the ill Practices, committed by the several Agents of the Regi-Earl of Castlemaine was not brought from the Tower, ments of the Army; and also the Names of such Agents having not moved for his Habeas Corpus; but that the of Regiments, as have neglected to attend them upon their Deputy-Governor had brought Sir Edward Hales, Mr. Summons: And the same was read; as is entered in the Charles Hales, and Obadiah Walker; and that they at- Journal.

tended at the Door. Luna, 28® Jan. 6° Guiielmi.

Then Sir Eduard Hales, and Mr. Charles Hales, and Agent Tracy Pauncefort, attending according to Order,

Mr. Obadiah Walker, were severally brought in, to the was called in; and presented to the House his Accounts Bar; and heard what they could say to the Matters they of the Monies received of the Earl of Ranelagh, since were severally charged withal. the 28th Day of May last; and how he hath paid the

And, being withdrawn; fame; and when, and to whom; and what remained in

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hales a,nd Obadiah Walker, his hands: And w as examined thereupon, be charged in the Tower, by Warrant from this House, Agent attending according to Order,

for High Treason, in being reconciled to the Church of was called in; and examined.

Rome, and ether High Crimes and Misdemeanors, where- Resolved, That Richard Roberts,

with they are charged by this House. Agent to Colonel Langstons and Colonel Engoldsbye's

Ordered, That Mr. Charles Hales be discharged from Regiments, for contemptuously neglecting and refuting any further Attendance upon this House. to attend the Commissioners for taking and stating the

Ordered, That a Warrant be lent to the Governor of publick Accounts, upon their Precepts and Summons, be the Tower, to bring the Earl of Castlemaine before this taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Anns attending House, upon Monday Morning next, to answer such this House.

Matters as shall be charged against him. Agent William Wallis attending, according to Order;

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jennet', in Custody of the He was called in; and examined.

Serjeant at Anns attending this House, be brought to Ordered, That the said Agent, William Wallis, be taken the Bar of this House on Monday Morning next. into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this

Luna, 28* die Octobris, i# GulieL et Maria. House.

The House being informed, That the Governor of the Resolved, That Agent Tracy Pauncefort, for neglecting Tower had brought up the Earl of Castlemaine; and that to pay the Subsistence-money to the Officers and Soldiers they attended at the Door; that quartered at Royston, having Monies in his Ifandb

The Earl w'as brought in to the Bar; and heard what to do the lame, be taken into: the Custody of the Serjeant he could say to the Matters he was charged withal, at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Earl of Castlemaine be charged in Mortis, 12° Febr. 6® Guiielmi.

the Tower, by Warrant from this House, for High Trea- Agent attending in Custody, was called in-;

son, and other high Crimes and Misdemeanors, in en- and examined:

deavouring to reconcile this Kingdom to the See of And, refofing to answer to several Questions demanded Rome. by tire House, he withdrew.

The House being informed, That the Serjeant had Afterwards he was called in again; and acquainted by brought up Sir Thopias Jenner-, and that he attended et Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House; That if he did the Door; not immediately answer to the said Questions, the House

He was called in, to the Bar; and charged with such would proceed with the utmost Rigour and Severity

things as the House had been informed of concerning against him;

him: And, he still persisting in his Refusal, he withdrew.

And he desiring time to answer thereunto; Resolved, Nemine contradkente. That Mr.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Jenner have time till this fort, Agent to Colonel Hastings's Regiment, by obsti-Day Sevennight, to answer to such Matters as he was nately refusing to answer to a Matter of Fa6t, demanded this Day charged withal by this House; apd that he do, of him by: this House, hath thereby violated the Privilege, in the mean time, continue in the Custody of the Serjeant and contemned the Authority of this House, and the at Arms. fundamental Constitufcion thereof

Ordeted,

io w. in.

aa* Martii.

*73

Ordered, That the said Air. PamcefoH he cotn*

mi tied Prisoner to the Tower of: And that Mr.

Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Ordered, That Mr. Tracy Ptiuncfort be brought to the Bar of tins House, and, upon his Knees, receive the said Judgment.

Reoobaed, That this House will, upon Thursday Mottling neat, cenfider how to proceed further against the said

Mr. Tracy Pauncefort.

Veneris, 15* Febr7 Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Pauncefort do attend the Commissioners for taking and dating the publick Accounts, in order to his being examined before them upon Oath: And that he do immediately after attend this House.

Sabbati 16* die Febr; 7* Tertii.

Mr. Edward Pauncefort, attending, according to Order, was called in; and examined.

Resolved, Nomine contradicente. That Mr.. Edward Pauncefort, for contriving to cheat Colonel Hastings's Regiment of 500 Guineas, and for giving a Bribe to obtain the King's Bounty, be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That Mr. Henry Guy a Member of this House, for taking a Bribe of 200 Guineas, be committed Prisoner to the Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Jovis, 7* die Martii -, 7® Gulielmi Tertii.

Mr. James Craggs attending, according to Order; he was called in:

And his Answer to the Commissioners for taking and dating the publick Accounts being read, he owned the fame.

And it being demanded, by Order of the House, Whether he would produce his Books, and be examined before the said Commissioners, upon Oath, touching his Accounts, he excused, and refused to produce his laid Books:

And being acquainted by Mr. Speaker, by Order of the House, That if be persisted in his Refusal, that the House

would proceed with all Rigour and Severity;....

Resolved, That Mr. James Craggs, one of the Contractors for the Cloathing of the Army, for refuting to produce his Books of Accounts, thereby obdxuCbng t{ie Inquiry of this House into the Disposal of the publick Monies, be committed Prisoner to the Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Mortis, 26® Martii; 7® Gulielmi Tertii.

Mr. Harley, from the Commissioners for taking and Hating the publick Accounts, reported the further Examination of Mr. Edward Pauncefort: And that Mr. Richard Homage, one of the Contractors for Cloathing of the Army, had refused to be examined, upon Oath, before the said Commissioners, in relation to the said Cloathing, and the Accounts thereof.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to oblige Mr. Edward Pauncefort do discover how he disposed of the Monies, paid into his Hands, relating to the Army; and for punching him, in case he shall not make such Discovery.

Ordered,' That, Mr. Tracy Pauncefort, Mr. James Craggs, and Mr. Richard Homage, be included in the said Bill: And that Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Aid BUI.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, proceeded further in the Cotfsideration of the Report from the Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the

India Company, and of the Chamberlain of the City of London.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook do give tax Account, to this House, how the 87,402 /. 12 3 in the said

Report mentioned, was distributed.

Which he refuting to do; and being heard;

And being withdrawn;

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Cook, a Member of this House, having refused to give an Account, bow the fold 87,402 /. 1 2$.3 d. was distributed; be committed Pri-VOL.XII.

foner to thd Tower oiLottdbn: AMtf that Mr* fipbaker do -Liberatioaby issue his Warrants accordingly. j;or.ds of

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to oblige Sir Tho. Cooketo give an Account, to whom he paid and distributed <the House. 7 the said 87,402 L 12 s.3 A.and other Sums of Money, mentioned, in the find Report, to be received and distri-: buted by him: And that Mr. Bridges do prepare, and 1 bring in, the Bill.

Jovis, 2 8* Martii; 7® Gulielmi

Mr. Bridges, according Io Order, presented the feed.

Bill; which was read the First time; and ordered a Second Reading.

Veneris, 29® Martii.

The said Bill was read a Second time; and committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Sabbati, 30* Martii.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Cook was presented to the House,- and read; praying, That he may be heard against the said Bill, before the Palling thereof.

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Cooke be heard by his Conn-fel, upon the said Petition.

Luna, \* die Aprilis; 70 Gulielmi Tertii.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to oblige Mr. James Craggs, and Mr. Richard nage, to discover how feme of the Monies relating to cloathing the Army have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery: And the same was received; and-read the First time.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Homage, concerned in the cloathing the Army, for refilling to anl'wer, upon Oath, before the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts, concerning the Monies by him received, thereby obstructing the Inquiry into the Disposal of publick Money, be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Amos attending this House.

Jovis, 4® fife Aprilis.

Mr. Harley presented a Bill for punishing of Tracy Pauncefort, and Edward Pauncefort, for corrupt Practices, in with-holding Money tirom the Officers of the Army i And the same was received; and read foe First time.

Sabbati, 6® Aprilis; 7® Gulielmi Tertii.

The Counsel for Sir Tho. Cook attending;

They were called in.

And his Petition was read: And also the ingrafted Bill to oblige him to give an Account^ to whom , he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company, was read the Third time.

And the Counsel were heard.

And, being withdrawn;

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Sabbati, 13® die Apr.; 7® Gullielm Tertii.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr.

Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Their Lordships, having under their Confid oration a Bill, intituled, An Act to oblige Sir Thomas Cook to give an Account, to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company, do desire, That Sir Thomas Cook, a Member of this House, and now in the Tower by Order of this House, may be permitted and ordered to appear at the Bar of the Lords, when desired:

And that this House would transmit to their Lordships ' such Papers as are now before this House, relating to the Matter of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cook do attend the House of Lords, as the Lords do desire: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly.

Resolved, That, as to the other Part of the said Mef-sage, this House will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again: And Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Resolved, That such Papers as are now before this House, being original Warrants relating to the 77,258/.

Y y mentioned

Duncomb ordered into Custodj,

174 220 — 23* Martii. A. 1697.

mentioned in the said Bill, be delivered to the Lords at a Conference: And that the Lords be acquainted, That the Warrants, on which the 90,000was issued, or the Receipt Sir Tho. Cook gave for die fame, are not before this House, but were seen in the East India Company's Books, by a Committee appointed by this House to inspect the fame.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the Conference, That they had delivered the Warrants, and acquainted the Lords, as the House had directed.

Martis, \69die Apr'; 7* 311.

A Meftage from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert

Mr.Speaker,

The Lords do desire, That this House would give Leave, That Sir Tho. Cook, a Prisoner by Order of this House, may go, in Custody, to inspect his Papers, in order to a speedy Discovery in what manner the Sums of 77,258/. and 90,0001, mentioned in the Bill, intituled, An Act to oblige Sir Tho. Cook to give an Account to whom he paid and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company, were distributed.

And, the Messengers being withdrawn;

Resolved, That Sir Thomas Cook have Leave to go, in Custody, to inspect his Papers, as the Lords do desire.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, for Sir Thomas Cook to go, in Custody, for Two Days, to inspect his Papers.

And the Messengers being called in again; Mr. Speaker acquainted them. That the House had considered the Message; and had given Leave, That Sir Thomas Cook may go, in Custody, to inspect his Papers, as the Lords desire.

Mercurii, 17* Apr70 Guliel. Tertii.

A Meftage from the Lords, to desire a present Conference with this House, upon Matters relating to Sir Thomas Cook.

To which the House agreed: And Mr. Speaker acquainted the Messengers therewith.

And Managers were appointed to manage the said Conference: Who went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Christopher Musgrave reported the Conference, as

it is entered in the Journal.:

Veneris, 19 Apr';7* Gulielmi Tertii.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled An Act to indemnify Sir Tho. Cook from Actions which he might be liable to by reason of his Discovery to whom he paid, and distributed several Sums of Money, therein mentioned to be received out of the Treasure of the East India Company, or for any Prosecution for any such Distribution, was read the Third time, and passed; with Amendments.

Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed vto the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

A Meftage was sent from the Lords, That they had agreed to the Amendments made by this House to the said Bill.

Sabbati, 27* Apr'; 70Gulielmi Tertii.

An ingrafted Bill to oblige James Craggs, and Richard Homage, to discover how some of the Monies relating to cloathing the Army have been disposed of; and for punishing them, in case they shall not make such Discovery; was read the Third time; and palfed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill for punishing of Tracy and Edward Pauncefort, for corrupt Practices, in withholding Money from the Officers of the Army, was read the third Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table.

Resolved1, That no Person committed by this House, can, during the same Session, be discharged by any other Authority whatsoever.

Charles Duncomb Esquire having been committed by

Order of this House, and afterwards discharged by the Order of the House of Lords, without the Conl'ent of this House;

Refotoed, That the said Charles Duncomb be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Answer to Meftage from the Lords Yesterday, touching Mr Lords^for a

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up, upon the Debate of the House, an Answer to be given to the said Meftage: And that they do immediately withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, and draw up the fame.

And it is referred Mr. Mountague, Lord Coningsby,

Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Hen. Hobart, Lord Sir

Edward Seymour, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Molesworth, Mr.

Boscawen, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Norris, Lord Hartington,

Mr. Smith, Lord Spencer, Mr. Harley, Mr. Clark, Mr.

Newport, Sir Tho. Littleton, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Foley, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Lord Ashley.

The Order of the Day being read, for the House to *aPPty ®*h i relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ax* consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty ran Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for dif-banding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned:

And the Question being put, That Mr. Speaker do leave the Chair;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Noes,} 4'-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The House resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bilk

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

ercurii, 23° die Martii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R John Etwill reported from the Committee, to Fauquier'* whom the Bill to naturalize John Francis Fauquier, &c* "at* Joseph Du Casse, and others, was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Dolben, according to Order, presented to the House Relief of a Bill to repeal the Act for Relief of Creditors, by make- Creditor*, ing Compositions with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree: And the feme was received.

The

io W; III. 2$° Martii. 175

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

J. Smith's Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Eftats. Sale of Three Houses in Swan-alley, in Coleman-street, late

of Joseph Smith, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable: And that Mr. Gery do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Lloyd's Nat. A Bill to naturalize William Lloyd Esquire was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Fra. Masham, Sir John Elwill, Mr. Machell, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Mr. Phillips,

Sir Ra. Dutton, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Robert Mr. St evens, Mr. Mountsteoens, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Cowper, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Gery, Mr. White, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Stockd Mr. Fleming, Mr. Perry, ", Mr. Thompson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. England, Mr. Foley, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Sir Wm. Lowther: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Duties oa A Petition of the Tanners, Cordwaiuers, Skinners, and Leather. Glovers, residing and trading within the City of Durham and the Suburbs thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by reason of the high Duties upon Leather, and paying the same down in ready Money, though they are forced to give long Credit for the Goods they fold, has so discouraged the Petitioners Trades, that many of them are fallen to the Parish; and betides, the Manner of collecting the Duty, and the Attendance upon the Officers, is very troublesome and vexatious: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Counterfeit- Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning Coin. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, after the House hath resolved into a Committee to consider of the Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom, to consider of the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia.

Colchester A Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within Work- the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the houses. better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday next.

Hall's Eftati. An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereon, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed Mr. Ogle, Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Bicke Mr. Gery, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. York, Mr. Lord Fairfax, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. Osborne, Mr.

Watling ton, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Philips, Mr. England, Sir John Manwaring, Mr. Forster, Sir John Philips,

Mr. Carr, Mr. Mountstecens, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Milbank, Sir Wm. Honyuood, Mr. Fuller, Sir Blackett, Sir John Kay, Mr. Perry, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Henley, Mr. Gray, Mr. Foley, Lord Coningsby, Sir Bowes, Mr. Foley, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Mr.

Gardner: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir John Manwaring, according to Order, presented to Vot. XII.

the House a Bill to suppress the making of wove Buttons: \Vovr And the same was received. Buttons.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That' Mr. Hoblyn have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence-

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the May's Nat. Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,

An Act for the naturalizing Charles May Esquire.

And the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followed); viz.

2 Skin, L. 1, for "\Bucks," read "Berks."

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Gardiner's to rectify a Mistake in the Marriage Settlement of Wil- Mamage-liam Gardiner Esquire, was, according to Order, read the SettleIuent* Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

An ingrafted Bill for the more easy pasting Sheriffs Sheriffs Accounts, and the Execution of their Offices, was read AccounU* the Third time.

An ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, That the Under Sheriffs and Bailiffs of the County of Westmorland shall be subject to the Penalties of the Bill, for taking greater Fees, or not taking the Oaths, as the Bill directs;

And the feme was twice read; and amended:

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 11.

L. 17, to insert " And of any City and County, and " Town and County, except London and Middlesex :*

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the more easy pasting Sheriffs Accounts, and the Execution of their Offices.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Lord Spencer reported from the Committee ap- Answer to

Stinted to draw up an Answer, upon the Debate of the Lords for ouse, to be given to the Message from the Lords, upon Meinber Monday last, touching Mr. Robert Bertie, That they had them?11 drawn up the feme accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was ... .; and is as followed); viz.

The Commons having received a Message from your Lordships, wherein your Lordships did acquaint them,

That a icandalous Paper, reflecting on the Lord Chancellor, and his Proceedings in the Court of Chancery, has been complained of, and read in the House of Lords; of which your Lordships are informed, upon Oath, That Mr.

Robert Bertie, a Member of the House of Commons, can give some Account; your Lordships do desire, That, for that Purpose, the Commons would give Leave for him to appear before your Lordships;

The Commons having commanded us to acquaint your Lordships, That they not being informed, by the said Message, of the particular Matters contained in the said Paper, or upon what Grounds your lordships alk to have their Member appear before you, they desire your Lordships to let them know what the Nature of that Account is, which is expected from their Member.

The

Conference desired with Lords.

Suppressing

Profaneness,

&c.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Answer to Lords

desiring Conference.

Newcastle

Water-

works.

Turner*!

Estate.

Houghton's

Estate.

1^6 23®-"*-

The Answer, being fead a Second tithe, Was agreed; Onto by the House.

Resolved, That the said Answer be delivered to the L6rds at a Conference.

Resolved, That a Conference be ddfired with the Lords, upon the Subject-raatter of the Message from their Ixtrd-ships, upon Monday last, touching Mr. Bertie.

Ordered^ Theft the Lord Spencer do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the more effectual suppressing Blalphemy and Profaneness be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land-tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The Lord Spencer reported, That he having, according to Order, been to desire a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of their Message, upon Monday last, touching Mr. Robert Bertie, the Lords answered, That they will return an Answer by Messengers of their own.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Javis, 24° dMartU; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

P RAYERS.

SIR William Blackett reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne with fresh Water was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turner and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest, upon their Estate, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

Mr. Brothtrton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill forvefting the Manors of Bastwick and in

the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Houghton, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame, and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he "read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by 25

240 Martii. 1697.

one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed onto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill front the Lords, intituled, An ACfc Har*'» for the better enabling Sir Ralph Hare Baronet to make a Estate* Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for the more effectual Relief of Creditors, in Escape* of Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other D#btore* Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to *.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom pI(^er'* the Bill to enable Streinsham Masters Esquire to fell Lands h ttt#* in Kent which were agreed to be settled by his Articles of Marriage; and to convey Lands in Derbyshire, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition Sufferer* at of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City Londonderry. Of Londonderry in Ireland, was referred, have Leave to fit in a Morning, but not after Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Coriton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Wortley, Sir Ralph Ashton, Mr. Ayre and Molesworth, Sir Gilbert Clark, Mr. Sherrard, Sir Wm. Calder N*-Blackett, hie added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the Rivers Aire and Calder, in the County of York, navigable, is committed.

Sir Rowland Gwynnreported from the Committee ap- Exporting

pointed to consider of the Trade of England wadi; W00L

and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial; That Information had been given to them, That

Toryn, a. Frenchman, now living at Wandsworth, hath for seven Years last exported very great Quantities of Wool yearly, from Edinburgh in Scotland, to Parts beyond the Seas; which Wool was brought into Scotland out of Northumberland; and that the Accounts thereof would further appear from the Books of the said Toryn, and Toryn, his Brother:

And that he was directed by the said Committee to move the House, That the Books and Papers of the said

# # Toryns, relating to the Exportation of Wool into Scotland, and Parts beyond the Seas, may be seized and laid before this House.

Ordered, That Search be thade in the House of the said Order for

Toryn, and Toryn of Wandsworth, for the Books Searching for and Papers relating to the exporting Wool into Scotland, *aPer*>*c* and beyond the Seas; and to seize the fame, and lay them

before this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Baker and Mr. Carter do go, with one of the Messengers belonging to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, and search for the fame.

A Message from the Lords by Sir MUes Cook and Mr.

Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Lord Lit the better settling the several Estates of the Right Ho- burne'*

nourable

u

Privilege of a Member in a Suit

Suppressing

Profantness,

kc.

Militia

Regulation

Burgh's

Estate.

BampfylcTs

Estate.

Lords agree to a Conference.

Conference

held.

Militia

Regulation.

IO W. III. 24* — 25* Marin.

177

nourable John Lord Viscount in the Kingdom

of Ireland, and the Laely Viscountefe Lisburn, his Wife: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of William Wharton, and Eunice his Wife, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the ingrafted Bill, for the more effectual suppressing of Blasphemy and Profaneness, be now, according to the Order of the Day, read the Third time;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Telta for the Ye.s,{^; } 6*.

Tellers for the

So it paired in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to regulate and settle the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to'move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

And the House being informed, That there was a Message from the Lords;

Resolved, That this House will, after the said Message, resolve itself again into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by , Sir Miles Cooke and

Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for settling certain Lands in Essex on Thomas Burgh Esquire, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, of greater Value, conveyed by him acer rding to a Decree, and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable certain Trustees, therein named, to make, renew, and fill up, Leases, of the Estate of Sir Coppleston Warwick Bampjyld, during the Minority of the said Sir

Coppleston Warwick Bampjyld, and John Bampjyld, his Brother, without any Amendment: Also,

The Lords do agree to the Conference, desired by this House, upon the Subject-matter of the Message from their Lordships to this House, in relation to Mr. Robert Bertie\ and do appoint it presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, who drew the Answer touching Mr. Bertie, do manage the Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

The Lord Spencer, reported, That they had given to the Lords the Answer directed by this House.

Then the House again resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for regulating and settling the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Richard Onsloiv reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Vol. XII.

Resolved, That this House will, Td-morirow,. after the Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for granting' to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 25* die Martii -r i o* Gulielmi Tertir.

Prayers.

A BILL for the Naturalization of John Francis FauqoierV Fauquier, Jojepk Ducasse, and others, was read &c. Nac the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for the Naturalization of John Francis Fauquier,

Joseph Ducasse, and others. /

Ordered, That Sir John ElwiR do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir John Woolstenholme, Sir John Buck- Servants of

nail, Mr. York, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Staynes, Charles II.

Mr. Sand ford, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Osborne, Sir Fran.

Alasham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the late King Charles the Second's Servants is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Ful- Escapes of ler. Sir Elia Harvey, Mr. Jenkins, Sir Hustler, D«hu>n, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors, in Cafes of Escapes, is committed.

Ordered, That Sir William Cooper, Mr. Sand ford, Copper Mr. Cooper, Mr. Sturt, Mr. Hore, be added to the Coinage. Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Meal-men, Bakers, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Hall's Estate. Hoare, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Taylor, Sir Edward,

Mr. How, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to u Debt charged thereon, is committed.

Mr. Morgan reported from the Committee, to whom Hereford the Bill for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within Woik-hoofes. the City of Hereford, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; winch they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

m

A Bill for the importing several Goods and Mer- importing chandizes, laden, at Jamaica, on board the Ship called Goods in the Elizabeth Flyboat, paying such Customs as shall be due and payable for the fame, was according to Order, y read a Second time:

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Sir Thomas Roberts reported from the Committee, to Bishop of whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Chichester's Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Eftat#-Leases of certain Houses and Grounds, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, situate in Chancery-lane, for a

Z z competent

178 as* — Martii. A. r6$>8.

Leave of Absence.

Turner's

Estate.

competent Number of Years, wM committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; Which they had directed him to report so the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Prese 4. L. 20. to leave out from " Lessees " to " Saving," in Line *.

The Mil was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pase.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Roberts do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with the said Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence. '

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to go

into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Sir John Franktyii was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in this House for supplying a Defeat in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward , and Charles

Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of 12,000l. and Interest, upon their Estate; the passing of which Bill may be of great Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying, That he may be heard by Counsel again (I the feme.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill is committed.

Bridgewater -An ihgrofied Bill fof the enlarging, repairing, and Bridge and preferring, the Bridge and Quay of the Borough of Quay. Bridgwater, in the County of was read the

Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the enlarging, repairing, and preferring, the Bridge and Quay of the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somtrfett.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. S have Leave to go into Absence. the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to Order, refolted itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, tS confidet further of toe Land Tax, Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for dllbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left toe Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pletfe to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Morning next.

Resolved, That this House Will, upon Morq- Militia

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Regulation. House, to consider further of toe Bill to regulate and fejjie the Militia.

Ordered, That all Committees be derived. Committrn.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

l>wa iwd.l

Sabhati, £6° die Matin I 10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pax T e Its.

ORDERED, That Mr. Butkley, Mr. Brothertoti, Mr. Ettrick's

Devereux, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Molesworth, Mr. Estate-Dolben, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Granville,

Mr. Milbank, Mr. Hide, Mr. Row be added to the

Committee, to whom the Bill for vdfting m Trustees certain Lands, Parcel of the Estate of Jane late Wife of Antony Ettrick Gentleman, to be sold for Payment of Debts, is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Harrison, Colonel Granville, Sir Escapes of Roger Bradshaw, Mr. Manly, Mr. White, Mr. Arnold, Debtors, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors, in Cafes of Escapes, is committed.

Hewett's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A Estate. for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George

Hewett Esquire, lying in the County of settled

upon his Marriage; and, with the Money anting the reby, for purchasing other Lands in Leicestershire, where ms Estate and Seat lies, to be settled to the same Uses; Was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bin be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

a Person to Ordered, That toe Clerk of the Crown do attend this attend. Hoofe, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Papers seized The House being acquainted, That Mr. Hen. Baker delivered. and Mr. Carter attended, at the Door, with the Books and Papers which, they had seized at House at

Wand floorth;

Ordered, That they do deliver the said Books and Papers to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade erf England and Ireland', and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial.

Privilege of Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported, froth the a Suitmb*r m ^omrn*ttee of Privileges and Ele&iohs, the Matter, as a U1' it appeared to the Committee, upon the Petition of

Wharton Esquire, and Eunice his Wife; and the Re-fokition of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; ard afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That toe said Report be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Osborne, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Duties on Gardiner, Mr. Cox, be added to toe Committee, to whom Glass. the Petition of the Glafe-tnakers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred.

Mr. Gery, according to Order, presented to the House j. Smith's a Bill for Sale of ThreeHouses in Swan-alley, in Coleman-street, late of Joseph Smith, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable: And the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday next.

A Petition of the Herring-Fishery inhabiting the H<nfng Town of Folkstone, in the County of Kent, a Member of Fiftwry. the Cinque-Ports, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the said Town solely depends upon the Fishing Trade, and chiefly on Herrings caught in Yarmouth Seas; which they are like to lose by the Irish catching Herrings at Waterford and Wexford, and fending them to the Streights, thereby forestaUing and ruining the Petitioners Markets: And praying, That Provision may be made for preferring the Petitioners Trade, end encouraging the English Fishery.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of tite feid Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider of the Trade of England and Ireland; and how to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial;

It passed in the Negative.

Refotced,

Herring

Lord

Lilburne't

Estate.

Cleansing Rivers, &c.

Hall's Estate.

M afters' Estate.

Baying and

felling

Offices.

Claims on

Lottery

Tickets.

roW. III. a6° Mar 179

Resolved, That the Petition bo rejected.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of ,in the County of Suff olk, on behalf of themselvei, and others, concerned in the Herring-fishery 00 the Coast of Su ffolk aforesaid, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That formerly the Petitioners had a considerable Trade in felling Herrings for Exportation; bat of late

?reat Quantities have been caught in Ireland, at a small Charge, where they fell them for a Fourth Part of the Charges the Petitioners are at in taking them; and from thence they are exported into the , and other

Places, to the Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom; And praying the Considerattion of the House therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee;

It passed in the Negative*

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better settling the several Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount in the Kingdom

of Ireland, and the Lady VMconntefs his Wife, was read the First time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to encourage the cleaning of Ports, Harbours, Roads, Bars, and Rivers, which may be made more navigable of all such Obstructions as prejudice the Navigation thereof: And that Sir John BucktiaU and Mr. Coll do prepare, and

bring in, the Bdi.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereon, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrafted Bill to enable Stransham Masters Esquire to fell Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Marriage* Articles; and to convey Lands in Derbyshire, of a greater Value, to the feme Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to enable Stransham Masters Esquire to fell

' Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Marriage-Articles; and to convey Lands in Derbyshire, of a greater Value to the some Uies.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to prevent the buying and selling of Offices and Places of Trust, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley, Sir William Lawlher, Mr. Newport, Mr. Archer, Mr. Gery, Mr. Morgan, Sir Steph. Far, Sir JVm. For A, Mr. Hevenitigham, Mr. Aylemer, Mr. Brotherton, IVfr. Boyle* Mr. Colt, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr Mr. Clark, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Belles, Sir Forester, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Norris, Lord Spencer, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Wharton, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Freeman, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Wm.St. Quint in, Mr. Fox, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Geroas Ekau, Mr. Vaughan, Lord Wm. PowlettAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of sevend Persons, on behalf of themselves «nd others, the Proprietors of the Tickets on the Million Lottery-Act, was presented to the House, and read; feting forth. That the said Proprietors lent a Million of Vol. XII.

Money upon the Credit of a kte Act for laying several Duties on Salt, and of Exdfe upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; whereby, they are intitled to Annuities of 140,000l. per Annum, for 16 Years: That this House bath provided for Payment of the Tickets due between the 17th May 1696, and the 17th of May 1697, by an Act of this Session; but there was also due, at Lady-day

1696, the Sum of 20,000 /. and 40,000 /. at Miehaehnas

1697, which is yet unprovided for; and there is a Doubt, whether the next Monies, arising by Excise, shall go to pay the feme, or the Payment that will be due at Lady-day 1698; and the Tickets are very numerous, and no Direction which shall be first paid; which has occasioned much Difonfer; The Petitioners therefore pray. That Provision may be made for Payment of the Money due at Lady-day 1696, and Michaelmas 1697; and that some Method may be taken for answering the Payments, upon the said Tickets, in Course.

Ordered, That the Consideratiop of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lowndes, Sir John Bollee,

Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Ryder, Sir Tho. , Sir Wm*

Ellis, Colonel Lee, Mr Morgan, Mr. Mount$tevens, Mr.

Brotherton, Mr. Harley, Sir Hen. Colt, Mr. Dolben, Sir Wm. Honywood, Sir Chr. Musgrave, Sir Wm. Lowther,

Mr. Hedger, Sir Tho.Mompcsson, Mr. Bowyer, Sir Jacob

Ashly, Mr. Darnel, Sir Marm. Wivell, Mr. Travtrje,

Mr. Watlington, Sir/Fwa. York, Mr. Lambtrn, Mr

chell, Mr. Ogle, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Clark, Mr. Arnold,

Sir Wm. Forester, Mr. Lowther, Sir Kay, Mr. Colt,

Mr Perry, SwWm.St. Quintin, Mr. Bridges, Mr dit. Sir John Philips, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr Mr. Freeman: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Marmaduke Wyvell reported from the Committee, Army to whom the Petition of Captain Christopher Billopp was Arrears, referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration upon this Day Fortnight

Ordered, That the Report upon the Petitions of the Seamens Officers and Seamen of the Ships, taken as Prige, be made Arrears-upon this Day Sevennight

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Counterfeit-Committee of the whole House, to consider at the Bill in<5Coiu-for the better preventing the counterfeiting clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the said Committee, That they bad gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to the feme; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Sevennight, and nothing to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. and Mr.

Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Riihop of this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Chichester* Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leases of certain ute' Houses and Grounds, belonging to the Bishoprick of Chichester, situate in Chancery-lane, for a competent Number of Years: Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Arbitrations, determining Differences by Arbitration: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered,

i8o a6°- — 28° Martii. A. 1698.

Regulating Ordered, That the Bill for the farther regulating Elections. Elections of Members to serve in Parliament be read a Second time upon Tuesday Sevennight.

Russia Trade. Refohed, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lunce, 28* die Martii 1 o* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Duty on Salt. A PETITION of Thomas Hollister, of

it. Charles Coe, of Malden, and Jonathan Bajs, of Marungtree, in the County of Essex, Refiners of Salt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That after the 25th Day of Marc 1694, the Petitioners refined

several Quantities of Salt, which they sold to the Country at the usual Price, only advancing Three Halfpence per Gallon, which was the Duty paid to the King; no more being demanded till after an additional Duty of Three Halfpence was laid on Salt, by an Act of the 7th and 8th Year of the King; ever since which, the Petitioners have paid the lame; yet Mr. Townsend, Solicitor to the Commissioners of Excise, threatens to sue the Petitioners for several Sums of Money due, as he pretends, for the Salt refined, and fold, as aforesaid, before the said Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty's Reign; in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideradon of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Thomas Bendish, and others, Refiners of Salt, is referred: And that they do examine the Mutter, and report the same to the House.

Hudson's Bay A Petition of the Merchants of London, and others,

Company, trading to New-England, New-York, &c. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House, to confirm to Company their Charter and Privileges: And praying to be heard against the lame, as the House shall think fit, before it pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideradon of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed,

Exeter A Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses, within

Work-houses. the City and County of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John El-will, Sir John Phillips, Sir Edw. Seaward, Mr. Hoar, Sir Marm. JVyvell, Mr.' Mawdit, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Hooper, Sir Joseph Ttly, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr.

Sir Era.Masham, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Osborne, Mr.

Mountstecens, Mr. Harrison, Mr. England, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Coll, Sir Hen, Colt, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Monson, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. York, Sir Wm Cowper, Colonel Rolles, Mr.

Lamhlon, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Lowther, Sir Tko. Roberts, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Yates, Mr. Morgan, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. York, Mr. Pagitt and all the Members for Devonshire, Cornwall, and Somersetshb'e: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Houghton's Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for veiling the Manors

EAate. of fiastu ick and Ladles, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Houghton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate in lieu thereof; be read the Third time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Trenchard have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hall's Eftat*. for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mi. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Mr. Edward Harley, according to Order, presented to Hawkes* the House a Bill to enable John Hawkes to fell Lands, in Estate. the County of Salop, for Payment of his Debts: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Exporting the Explanation, arid better Execution, of former Acts Wool, itc. made against transporting of Wool, and Fullers Earth:

And that Sir John Kay do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burgh's for settling certain Lands in Essex on Thomas Burgh Eftau. Esquire, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands of greater Value, conveyed by him according to a Decree, and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill for cleansing, and making navigable, Colchester the Channel, from the Hythe at Colchester, to Channel,

was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with #.

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed 'unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered as a Rider, with Blanks, That *:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for cleansing and making navigable, the Channel, from the Hythe at Colchester, to Wivenhoo.

Ordered, That Sir Isaac Rebow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Lord Cults, Colonel Godfrey, Sir Challoner'* John Manwaring,' Mr. Gerard, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Complaint. Bridges, Sir Jof Tily, Mr. Morgan, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Wm. Challoner is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for Ayre and making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the Calder Navi-County of York, is committed, have Power to receive a *ation* Clause for removing the Cloth-Market in Leeds, which is kept upon the Bridge, over the said Rivers, to feme other Place in the said Town.

A Petition of the Brewers, Grocers, Cheesemongers* Copper Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, and Retailers in general. Coinage, of the great and populous Parish of Giles's without Cripplegate, in the City of London, and County of Middlesex, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Managers of the Copper Coinage have not only refused to change the late White Farthings contrary to their Obligation, but have coined such vail Quantities of 22 1 Copper

Timber in New Forest.

African

Company.

African

Trader

Committees.

it) W. III. 2 8° — Marti. 18i

Copper Halfpence and Farthings, that they are become

a greater Clog and Inconvenience to Trade than the said Martis, die Martii;

White Farthings were: And praying, That the Increase 1Q. Gulielmi Tertii.

thereof may be prevented.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition P Raters. be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of A PETITION of Charity Lee, Widow, Executrix Turner'* the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victual- Ji\. of Thomas Lee Esquire, decealbd, one of the Credi- Eftat*. lers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the tors of Sir Edward Turner Knight, was presented to the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do exa- House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill de-mine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their pending in the House, for supplying a Defect in a convey-Opinion therein, to the House. ance lately made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Tumer

his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of 12,000l.

Resolved, That the ingrossed Bill, for the Increase and and Interest, upon their Estate; which Bill may be of Preservation of Timber, in the New Forest, in the County great Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying, That of Southampton, be now read the Third time. Ihe may be heard by her Counsel against the said Bill.

The Bill was read the Third time. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Press *. referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is L. *. by leaving out " and by Sale of like decayed Trees, committed.

" in the said Forest, of Oak or Beech, not being Ship-

" Timber, raise Money for defraying the Charge of An ingossed Bill for erecting of Hospitals and Work- Hertford making the said Inclosures; the same to be accounted, houses within the City of Hereford, for the better em- 'Vorkhouses. " andploying and maintaining the Poor there, was read the And the same was, upon the Question put there- Third time.

upon, agreed unto by the House, and the Bill amended at. the Table accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Merafor theYeas,{|j;feffi*'rt- }

Tellers for the Noes /Sir J Bolles, 1 6

1 eners for the IN oes.jg^ Ck: } 9°‘

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber, in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton.

Ordered, That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Sir Ralph De was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being, in the Reign of King Charles the lid, Commander of his then Majesty's Ship the Warwick, was sent to Barbadoes, for the Service of the Royal African Company of England, with Instructions to seize all such Ships as traded within the Limits of their Charter, without their Content: And accordingly the Petitioner made several Seizures, and expected to be indemnified by the said Company for so doing: but they refuse it, though the Petitioner is now sued for prosecuting such Orders: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the Bill before the House to settle the Trade to Africa, to oblige the said Company to indemnify the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the ' said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had direfited him to move. That they may Rave Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill, after the Committee of the whole House, for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vo l. XII.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Hertford, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Bofcawen acquainted the House, That their Ad- AnlWerfc dress having been presented to his Majesty, That he would Ad,lreI®-please to cause to be printed a List of the Persons Names to whom Licences have been granted, pursuant to the Act lately palfed, intituled, An Act against corresponding with the late King James, and his Adherents, his Majesty was pleased to say, That he wmuld cause a List to be made, and to be sent to this House.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Glovers, and Leather- Duties o* drefiers, of New-Windsor, in the County of Berks, was Leather*

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Trade is great.. decayed; and many of them must give over, if the Duty upon Oiled and Alum Leather be continued; their Customers refilling to advance One Peny in the Pound, notwithstanding the said Duty; so that the same is wholly paid by the Petitioners: And praying,

That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers,.....in the City of Chester, is re-

ferred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several poor Tobacco-pipe-makers, re- Duty on To. tiding in and about the City of London, was presented to bacco-pipe*, the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very poor, and cannot pay, or give Security for, the Duty laid upon Tobacco-pipes, as the Act requires, before they fell their Pipes; and, besides, if any Pipes are made imperfefit and useless, yet they mull; pay the Duty for them, or suffer them to be broke; whereby they lose their Clay, Workmanship, and other Charges: And praying, That a Proposal made to the House, for transferring the said Duty to publick Houses, which will better answer the publick Service, and be an Ease to the Subjefit, may be received; or that the- Petitioners may, by some other Ways, be relieved, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Glass-makers of the Town of Stourbridge is referred:

And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion, to the House.

A Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within Colchester the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the Workhottfeg'

3 A better

Leave of Absence.

Jenkin'* EH ate.

Improving Woollen M nufadure.

Supply Bill Land Tax*

18 a

better employing and maintaining the Poor there* was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he cotnmitted to Sir Francis

Masham, Sir John Bucknall, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Et-

trick, Mr. Dolben, Sir John Fagg, Sir William Sir John Kay, Mr. Ogle, Lord Spencer, Sir Tho.

Mr Blofeild, Mr. England, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Mawdit,

Mr. Foley, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Freeman, Sir Germs Ehves, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Watlington, Mr. Colt,

Mr. Molyneur, Sir Tho. Davall Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bertie,

Sir Edward Seaward, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Sir John lipps, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir John Robinson, Mr. Hobby, Mr. Morgan, Sir John holme, Mr. Morris, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Bohun, Mr. How; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex' and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Whitaker have Leave to stay in the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable John Jenkiri Merchant, to fell Part of his Estate.

the Payment of his Debts: And that Mr. Brewer do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for the better improving of the Woollen Manu-' fasture was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Geo. Hungerford, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Bohun, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Harley, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. England, Sir Gere. Elwes, Sir Jof Herne, Lord Digby, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Isaac Reboio, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Morgan, Mr. -Freeman, Mr. Morris, Mr. Fuller, Sir Edward Ayscough, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Osborne; and all that serve for the Counties of Somersett, Wilt's, Gloucester, and York: And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in bi3 Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them disagreed, and others of them agreed, unto by the House, with feme Amendments.

Clause F being read a Second time, That the Tirft General Meeting of the Commissioners for the West-Riding of the County of York shall be held at the Town of Leeds;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " Leedsf and inferring " Pontefract

And the Question being put, That Leeds stand Part of the Clause;

The House divided. j, The Noes go forth.

Tellers for theY}

Tellers for he } So.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Lists of the Commissioners Names being read, they were all agreed unto by the House, to the City of Coventry.

The Lifts for the City of Coventry being read;

A Morion being made, and the Question being put, That Edward Owen be a Commissioner for the said City;

A. 169$.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yeas,} 8*'

Tellers for he Noes;^--'. } 55.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Commissioners Names, and Residue of the Amendments, being severally read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause of Appropriation and Loan being offered, with Blanks;

The same was once read.

And 'a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the further Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for to } J7.

Tellers for to Noes.jy^' Masham' } r 22.

So it passed in the Negative.

The Clause was read a Second rime; and the Blanks were filled up, and the Clause amended; and then, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be rnadfe Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, SO" die;

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, for the better supplying the Town Newcastle of Newcastle upon Tyne with fresh Water, was read Waterworim. the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne with fresh Water.

Ordered, That Sir William Blackett do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir Jervas Elwes have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

A Bill to suppress the making of wove Buttons was, Wove according to Order, read a Second time. Button*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Cary, Mr. Taylor, Sir Hen. Hobart, Sir John Kay, Sir John Philips, Mr. Brewer, Sir Marm. Wyvell, Mr. Foster, Mr. England, Mr. Lambton,

Mr. Dolben, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Edward Seaward, Sir

John Woodhouse, Mr. Machell, Mr. , Mr. Gwyn,

Mr. Gery, Lord Powlet, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Osborn, Sir Win. Cooper, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Fran. Masham, Mr. Mountsteoens, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Matrwar-

tng, Mr. Slater: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hare'* Eftet*. for the better enabling Sir Ralph Hare Baronet, to make a Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Dasiiwood, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Powlet, Mr. Fleming,

Mr.

49® — 30* Martii.

Claims on

Lottery

Tickets*

Escapes of Debtors.

Exon

Work-houses.

Hoogh ton's EUate.

Children of Soldier'sNat.

Army

Arrears.

i o W* III. 30°

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mairdit, Mr. Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Hen. Colt, Sir Blackett, Mr. Dolbeti, Mr. Jxncndes, Sir Jof. Tilt/, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Gery,

Mr. Perry, Mr. England, Mr. Foley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Colt, Sir John Walter, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Mr. Bridges,

Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Daniell Sir St. Quintin, Sir

Fran. Masham, Sir John Kay, Mr. How, Mr. Brewer, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir John Bucknall, Colonel Granville, Sir John Philips, Mr. Wharton, Mr. Jenkins, Mr. Pen-darvis, Mr. Ashby, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Rowney, Sir Jacob Ashley; and ail that serve for the County of Norfolk: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Million Lottery-Tickets is referred, have Leave to fit in a Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; have Leave to fit in a Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City and County of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, have Leave to fit in a Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, for vesting the Manors of Bastwick and Laviles, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Houghton Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, for discharging Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting the Manors of Bastwick and La-viles, in the County of Norfolk, Part of the Estate of John Houghton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold for discharging Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Hobart do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrency thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill, to naturalize the Children of such Officers, and Soldiers, and others, the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War, the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government, was read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table until Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Phillips Elckenbracht and Darnel Le Graa, in behalf of themselves, and several other Troopers, broke and discharged out of the Honourable Baron Van Reichteren's Regiment of Dutch Horse, was

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have a great Arrear of Pay due to them, for which their Officers forced them to sign Notes for a Quarter of their Due, otherwise they mull have starved: That Captain Quattabfeonds, on purpose to wrong the

Petitioners; and Agent Vander Esse hath offered to pay those, that belonged to Captain Quarts Troop, 5 and 10/.. a Man, when there is due from 20 to 30, 40, and 60/. per Man; thinking the Petitioners Poverty, and Distance from home, being Foreigners, will compel them to accept it, their Officers being speedily to go into And praying the Relief of this House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said....

be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Langstons Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, Relief of by making Comppfitions with their Debtors, in case Tw o Creditors. Thirds in Number and Value do agree, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Dolben,

Mr. Doicdefwell, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Clerk, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Burrington,

Mr. England, Mr. Daniell, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Bertie, Sir Francis Ala-sham, Mr. Alorgan, Mr. Lambton, Mr. Michell, Mr.

Colt, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Stevens, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Osborne, Lord Cutts, Mr. Perry,.

Sir Gcrv. Elzces, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Alawdit, Mr. Beake,

Mr. Travers, Lord Powlett, and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrafted Bill, for the more effectual suppressing Suppressing Blasphemy and Profaneness, was, according to Order, Profaneuef. read a Third time. c*

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That if any Person, by Writing, Preaching, Printing, or advised Speaking, shall publish any Doctrine or Opinion, That there are more Gods than One, helhall suffer all the Penalties in the Bill:

And the same was thrice read.

And a Debate arising thereupon.

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned till Saturday Morning next.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers the Yeas,{«; - } ,3.

Tellers for the Noes,{^/"^ j 117.

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Clause was withdrawn, by Leave of the

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill,

Press 1. L. 17, after " God," to insert, " or that shall " assert or maintain there are more Gods than One

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out the last Clause, for reading the Act in Churches:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for rh. Yeas,}.33.

Teller, for the " } 58.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Title be, An Act for the more effectual suppressing Blasphemy and Profaneness.

Ordered, That Sir John Phillips do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privilege of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of William a Member Wharton Esquire, and Eunice his Wife, be taken into m a Sult* Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

A Bill for repealing the Act, made the last Session of Vol. XII.

Leate of Absence.

Fitz.Harris* Estate.

Rcfunaption of Grants.

Ditto.

184

Jovis, 31® die Martii; io# Gulielmi Tertii.

Waters.

310 Martii, A. 1698.

be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in since the 13th Day

of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; is committed.

f\RDERED, That Sir John Robinfati have Leave A Petition of several Persons, who have advanced and Duties on to go into the Country for a Week, upon extra- lent Money upon the Credit of the Act, made in the Manages, ordinary Occasions. Year 1695, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and

Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, $c. was Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That whom the Petition of Sir Henry Fitz-Harris was refer- the Duties so settled by the said Act have been so far red, be made upon Monday Morning next from answering the principal Money advanced, being

650,000 /. and the Interest thereof, as was intended by A Petition of John Bellerv Esquire was presented to the said Act, that there is near 18 Months Interest due the House, and read; setting forth. That, in Obedience to the Petitioners: And praying, That feme Care may to his Majesty's Declarations of the 2 2d of February be taken, for the more effectual paying of the Peti-1688, and August 1690, he laid down his Commission, tioners.

and quitted the Irish Quartets; and, in 1691, was sent Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be back again to do the King considerable Service; where, referred to the Committee, to' whom the Petition of the being lufpected, he was imprisoned by the Irish, till re- Proprietors of the Million Lottery-Tickets is referred: leased by the Success of his Majesty's Arms at the Agrim: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the But, during the Petitioner's Absence, by Mistake, he fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. was outlawed for Treason; which, being represented to

the King, was reversed, and a Pardon granted also: And An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Hewett'i praying, That he may have the Benefit of the said Re- for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of Estate. versal and Pardon, notwithstanding the Bill depending George Hewett Esquire, lying in the County of Middle-in the House, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other few, settled upon his Marriage; and, with the Money Ihtereftsi forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of Fe- arising the reby, for purchasing other Lands in bruary 1688. shire, where his Estate and Seat lies, to be settled to the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition same Ul'es; was, according to Order, read a Second be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to time.

whom the said Bill is committed. R That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Colt,

Sir John Philips, Sir Isaac Rebozv, Mr. Foley, Mr. How,

.A Petition of Clotworthy Lord Viscount Massareen, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Norris, Mr. Sir Alarm.

Hei'cules Rowley, Arthur Upton, Hercules Davis, Hugh Wivell, Mr. Verney, Mr. Mr. Sir Rowley, William Cunningham, John Hill, and Samuel Hill, Fr. Ma Sir Cooper, Mr. Phillips, Lord JVal- Esquires, on behalf of themselves and several Adven- den, Mr. England, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Colt, Mr. Fuller, turers and Soldiers, and their Assigns, whose Lot fell Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Osborne, Mr.

upon the late Lord Marquis of Antrim, and present Earl Manly, Mr. Sir John Kay, Mr. Sir

of Antrim's Estates, in the North of Ireland, was presented Robert Mr. and all that serve for the.

to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Act of Counties of Warwick, Nottingham, and Leicester: And Parliament, made in England in the 17th Year of the they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Reign of King Charles the First, for encouraging Ad- Speaker's Chamber, venturers to advance Money towards the Reduction of

the Irish Rebellion that broke out in 1641, the Adven- A Petition of the Tanners, Tawers, Curriers, and Duties on turers were to have Satisfaction out of the then forfeited other Dressers of Leather, as also of the Shoemakers, Leather. Estates; and the Petitioners did advance considerable Glovers, and other Persons concerned in the Leather-Sums thereon; and the Earl of Antrim's Estate was for- Manufactures, within his Majesty's ancient Town of feited, he being in that Rebellion, and allotted to the Grampound, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to Petitioners, and confirmed to them by several Declara- the House, and read; setting forth, That, for many Ages, tions made by King Charles the lid, and the Irish ACt past, their principal Trade has been dressing of Leather, of Settlement made in 1660, odd: But, in 1666, an ex- and making of Gloves; but, since a Duty has been laid, planatory Act to the said Act of Settlement was made in upon Leather, the same is so dear, and the Payment of Ireland; and the Earl of Antrim, the Irish Papists then the Duty so troublesome, that they are discouraged, and swaying, got Clauses therein to restore him to his laid disabled from carrying on their Trades: And praying,

Estate, contrary to the transmitted Act sent into England, That the said Duty may be taken off. and contrary to the Representation of the Lord Lieute- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition nant of Ireland, and the Council there: That, in the late be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Usurper's Time, the Marquis of Antrim gave Informa- the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, tion, That the said Rebellion in 41 was begun by the Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is Allowance of King Charles the First, for which Service he referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and re-had Lands given him in Connagh, in Satisfaction of his port the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. former Estate, most of which he fold: That the present Earl of Antrim is a rigid Papist, and was concern- A Petition of the Tanners, Glovers, and Leather- Ditto, ed in the late Rebellion of Ireland, for which he stands dressers, of the Town and Borough of in the

outlawed in England: And his Estate being so fully plant- County of Salop, was presented to the House, and read; ed, as to raile near 20,000 Men, and covering the Sea setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is a great De-about 40 Miles in Length, and within Three or Four triment to their Trade; and, to add to that Burden, the Hours failing from the Highlands of Scotland, where Manner of collecting the Duty is intolerable, and puts the said Earl may raise 20,000 of those of the Name or a full. Stop to Trade, by waiting on the Officers for Per-Clan of Macdonnell, to assist any Foreigner to over-run mits, and hindering them to fell the Leather for which Ireland or Scotland; the Petitioners pray the House to they have paid the Duty, threatening to return the Pcti-take such Course as they shall think most meet, for the tioners into the Exchequer, if they do not comply with Safety of Ireland, and the Petitioners Satisfaction and Re- what such Officers call Law, though it is contrary to the lief out of the said Earl's Estate. Act for laying the said Duty: And praying the House

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition to redress their Grievances.

14 Ordered,

ioW. III. 3 i°

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fellmongers, Lea-ther-dressers and Glovers, in the City of , is

referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Itfcirtering A Petition of Edmund Partington and John Thomas, Deeu*. Deputy Clerks of Enrolment in Chancery, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That their said Office is an ancient, known, and useful. Office, settled by Law, where constant Attendance is given, and Business dispatched, and Searches readily made at little Charges: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the Bill, depending in the House, for registring Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances, do pals; the same being no Ease to the Subjefit, but will ruin the Petitioners, and destroy their Freehold.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Lindsey A Petition of Sir Robert Tho. Windham, Ef-

Dnonage. quire, William Killigreu', Henry , and Edmund

Heron, on. behalf of themfel ves, and the rest of the Drainers and Participants of Lindsey Level, in Lincolnshire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Level, with the 800 Fens, contains near 80,000 Acres of rich Land; which, for 200 Years past, was endeavoured to be drained, though in vain, until, in the Reign of King Charles the First, the Earl of Lindsey, having contracted with the Commissioners of Sewers to have 24,000 Acres, perfected the same by making a navigable River from Bourn to Boston; and the said Earl, and his Participants, had 14,000 Acres set out to them, whereon they built Houses, and sowed Cole-feed and Rape-feed, and enjoyed the same until the Civil Wars, when certain Perseus, by Violence, took Pofiession thereof, which they have kept ever since: That it would be endlels to proceed at Law, against lb many Persons concerned, for Recovery of the said loft Lands; and therefore the Petitioners have, from time to time, applied to the Parliament for the fame, and twice passed a Bill through one House; but, by the Delay of their Adversaries, and the Prorogation of the Parliament, they could not complete the same: That the Palling of such a Bill will iiot only right the Petitioners, but be a great Benefit to the Publick; the Petitioners being willing, that One-third Part of the Lands assigned to them to be settled upon

Greenwich Hospital; and the said Lands being proper for Hemp and F'lax, an English Manufacture of Sail-cloth and Cordage may be propagated, and many Thousands of poor People thereby employed: And praying, That I^ave may be given to bring in a Bill for the draining Part of the said Level in order to the Petitioners Relief, according to their Claims, and for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Henry Colt and Mr. Arnold do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Exporting Sir John Kay, according to Order, presented to the Earth Fr" ^ou^e a for the Explanation, and better Execution, ' c' of the former Acts made against transporting Wool, and Fullers Earth, and Tobacco-pipe Clay: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

African A Petition of divers of the Clothiers inhabiting in the

Trade. County of Somersett, on behalf of themselves, and all the

Clothiers, Stuff-makers, and Serge-makers, in the said

County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill in the House to settle the Trade to Africa; which may be a great Prejudice to Vol. XII.

England; for that Red-wood is brought front Gambia and Sherbro. in the North of Guinea, and no where elle,

which is nfed in the dyeing Cloths and Stuffs; and if a Trade to Guinea be granted to any Persons, exclusive of others, they nmy fell their Red-wood at what Rate they please, and thereby Foreigners, who will buy it cheaper, have an Advantage of dyeing cheapet than we can here:

And praying, That the Trade to Gambia and Sherbro may not be restrained, nor any great Duty laid thereon.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers of the Clothiers inhabiting in the Africari County of Wilts, in behalf of themselves, and all the Trade; Clothiers, Stuff-makers, and Serge-makers in the said County, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Red-wood, much used in dyeing and colouring our mixt Cloths and Stuffs, is brought from Africa only; and if a Restraint be laid upon that Trade, it will much raise the Price of Red-wood in England, and give Foreigners, who may buy it cheaper, an Advantage over us in felling their Woollen Manufactures:

And praying, That the Trade to Gambia and Sherbro in Africa, from whence Red-wood only come, may not be granted to any Persons exclusive of others.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to settle the Trade to Ajrica is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Seoear Gentleman was presented Marshal of

to the Floufe, and read; letting forth, That, in 1684, King'sBenck. William Lentall Esquire, who is seised in Fee of the Office of Marshal of the King's-Bench, entered into Articles to lease to the Petitioner the said Office, for his Life, at 1,600 per Annum Rent; Part of which he paid, and was ready to give Security for the growing Rent; but was with-held from the Benefit of the said Agreement; whereupon he exhibited a Bill in Chancery, in 1694, against Mr. Lentall, and others to compel a Peformance of the Articles; but before the Cause could be ended, a Clause was inserted in an Act of Parliament, of last Sessions, without any Notice to the Petitioner, to make void fill Grants of the said Office made by Mr. Lentall: And praying Leave to bring in a Clause, to be added to the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses of Gaolers; whereby the Petitioner may have Liberty to see the said Mr. Lentall, or be paid his Payments arid Expences.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Brotherton,

Mr. Manly, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Gery, Mr. Ettrick, Sir Colt, Mr. Travers, Mr. Kinaston, Mr. Mr. Harrison, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Bolls,

Mr. Philips, Sir John Kay, Mr. Morgan, Sir Phil. Butler,

Mr. Methwin, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Colt, Mr.

Sloan, Mr. York. Mr. Foley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Machell,

Mr. Trye, Sir Win. Honywood, Mr. Mountsteoens, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Jennings, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Fuller,

Mr. Mawdit, Mr. England, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Gardener:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Jane Luke, one of the Daughters of Sir Luke* Samuel Luke, deceased, was presented to the House: Petition. And the same relating to Philip Bickerstaff Esquire, a Member of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table till Mr. Bickerslafe be in the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Tankard have Leave to go into the of Country, upon extraordinary Occafioos. Absenc*.

3 B Sir

i^-

186 31° M. 1698.

Coichester Sir Francis Matketm reported from the Committee, to Workhousea. whom the Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses in the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to

the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of tire said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Persons li-cenfedtocor-respond with late King James.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That, pursuant to their Address, his Majesty had directed him to lay before this House a List of the Persons Names to whom Licences have been granted, pursuant to the Act lately passed, intituled, An Act against corresponding with the late King James, and his Adherents; And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

A.

Earl of Antrim,

Cha. Duke of St Albans.

John Alexander,

Eliz. Arrundell,

Mary Audley,

David Amell,

William Amies,

Sir Fran. Andrews, Mary Alexander.

B.

Anne Bagnall, and her Five Children.

John Brady,

Tho. Bellafife,

Richard Lord Bellew, Doroth. De Beauchair(a), Sir Nich. Butler,

John Brown,

Geo. Bampfeild,

John Bourk, commonly called Lord Bophin. Eliz. Bishop,

John Baker,

Humph. Borlafe,

Susanna Barry,

Philip Bell,

Barbara Browne,

Mary Browne,

Barbara Brown, Elizabeth Browne, Samuel Boulton,

Lyster Blunt James Butler,

Captain Bellew, Timothy Beaghne, Thom. Burdin,

John Bellafife,

William Beale,

Robert Bodin,

Benedict Bamber,

John Blackmore, Hannah Brownsworth, Richard Bowers,

' Geo. BradChaw,

Daniel Butts,

William Barfbot,

Tho. Blake,

Edward Butler,

Wm. Bowman,

Edward Burdit,

Henry Barker,

Edmund Browne, William Bland,

Tobias Bowles,

Cha. Banbridge,

Geo. Barcas,

John Brodt William Barnes,

David Bourk,

Captain James Barry, Charles Bertie, Esquire, Walter Butler,

William Bromfeild,

Henry Baxter,

John Brookes,

Thomas Bartram.

C.

Margaret Chilton,

Tho. Clopton,

Colonel John Corbett, Benedict Leonard Calvert Anne Cane,

Henry Carter,

Robert Clark,

Matth. Cooper,

Henry Curwin,

Philip Connor,

James Coleman,

Adam Coleclough,

James Chirch,

Sir Wm. Compton,

Francis Courfon,

Eleanor Cockeron,

John Coleman,

John Conway,

Henry Caps,

Unitia Caps,

Mary Coflens,

John Cantrill,

Richard Cherry,

Edward Callender,

Eliz. Ballet Coflyn, and Mary her daughter, Margaret Carleton.

Barth. Conley,

Eliz. Conley,

Francis Charas,

William Close,

Sir Edward Carteret,

Thomas Cufack,

Captain Henry Courtney, John Caddick,

Margaret Cromwell,

Steph. Creah,

Edward Conron,

Charles Crosse,

Robert Cham,

Gerret Coghland,

Lieutenant James Coghland,

Henry Curfon,

William Cook,

Charles Cecill,

Anne Crompton.

D.

John Digby,

Thomas Drew,

Henry Lord Dover,

John Darrell,

Dr. John Day,

Captain Loftus Ducken-feild,

Charles Dunster,

John Digby,

Greenhiu Dudley,

Lucy Derham,

lift which vm presented to the House.

Simon Digby,

John Duddell,

Robert Dowdall,

Edmund Dalton, Lieutenant-Colonel Arthur Dillon,

Alexander Doyle.

E.

John Errington Esquire, William Evoy,

Major John Eames,

John Evers,

Edward Errington,

Tho. Errington,

William Errington,

James England,

Philippa Elmfton,

John Egan.

F.

Lord Viscount Fhz-Williams,

Richard Fitz-Williams, W'illiam Farmer,

Robert Tedding,

Arthur French,

Tho. Fagan,

Honor. Fitz-Gerald,

Heniy Fall,

Jane Du Four,

Owen Fitz-Symons,

Tho. Forfter,

Steph. Feild,

Captain Edmund FitzGerald,

Edward Fenwick,

Captain Tho. (b) FitzGerald,

Captain John Fitz-Gerald, 1

Joseph Fox,

John Fulham.

G.

Dr. Samuel Garth.

Anth. Preston, Lord Viscount Gormanfton, John Gazain,

Peter Galberry,

James Gough,

Daniel Gwynn,

Morgan Griffin,

Reginald Graham,

Anth. Gazain,

Peter Gazain,

Henry Gerard,

Richard Francis Griffith, Geo. Toby Guiguer, Agatha Gilmore,

Caefer Gage,

Samuel Gawen,

William Goold,

Sir Tho. Gascoine,

Edward Gibbon,

Edward Gilford,

(I) "June*" in

John Galway,

Thomas Guybon,

Daniel Gery.

H.

Joseph Haley,

George Haviland,

Lord George Howard, Henry Howard Esquire, James Hackett,

Charles Howfe,

Jeremiah Hollyhand, Daniel Harvey,

Tho. Hawkins,

Eliz. Hughes,

William ilarrald,

Bridget Horton,

Mary Hooper,

Walter Mailings lenior, Walter Haltings junior, John Hambleton, Richard Howard, Dorothy Hurst,

John Hepborne,

Geo. Hilton,

Lord James Howard, Eliz. Hiddinfon,

Ralph Hardwick.

I.

Bartholomew Isaac, Mary Isaac,

Thomas Joy,

Thomas Johnson,

Agnes Jolly,

Richard Jones,

James Jones.

K.

Matthew King,

Mary Knight,

Almerick, Baron of Kin-fele.

Lord Kerry,

Lord Keomafe,

Dennish Kelly,

Captain Henry Kelly, Major Charles King, Charles Knowles Esquire, commonly called Lord Banbury,

Walter Kenedy,

Philip Kettle,

Antony Kempff, CaptainEdmundKeeting, John Lord Kingston of Ireland, his Wife and Two Children,

Charles Kelly.

L

Chari wood Lawton Esquire,

Dr. Tho. Lane,

Colonel Henry Lutterell, Lady Barbara Lennard, Lord Longdale.

Marmaduke

the said Lift.

(a) " Eeaudair" ia tht

Estates give* to super-fctioiu Uses.

io w. III.

318 Marlii.

Marmaduke Longckde Esquire,

Martha Lowe,

Richard Langhorne, Edmund Lee,

Anne Lazonby, Cornelius Lampard, George Laylor,

George Latton, Edmund Lery,

Lady Anne Lawson, John Lanton,

James Leech,

'William Long,

Richard Lawley, lieutenant Wm. Lony.

M.

George Mathews, Edmund Malone, Henry Morgan,

John Martin,

James Murrey,

Luke Mathews, . Donnogh Melony, William More, Dominick Moren, Lieutenant Wm. Man-nering,

Richard Mafey, William Mortagh,

Sir Richard More Baronet,

Peter Morris,

Francis Milton,

Henry More,

Thomas Murphey, John Mackie,

Sir John Magrath.

N.

C bales Newey,

Mary Ducbefs of Norfolk,

Dr. Daniel Nolan, Thomas N ugent,

John Nelson,

William Nelson, Matthew Norris, Thomas Newcomin.

O.

James Oswald,

Captain Darby Obrian, James Oxburg.

P.

Joseph Pattenfon, Nicholas Plunckett, Francis Povey,

Thom. Prendergast, Captain Tho. Panton, Jervis Parker,

William Plowden Esquire,

John Plunket,

Robert Prujean, William Philips,

John Pulman,

Tho. Parsons,

Edward Pierce,

James Paisible, and Mary his Wife,

James Penredick,

Eliz. Pluncket,

Jeremiah Pierce,

Eliz. Price,

Theodore Price, William Pore,

Mary Poole,

Charles Parker.

R.

Morgan Ryan Esquire, William Rafter, Catherine Rockley, Edward Robson, Richard Rudyard, Edward Rice Esquire, Char. Duke of Richmond,

Felix Rouse,

Edward Richardy,

(a) Sir Tho. Riddle,

Alexander Rigby, William Rand,

Henry Rogers,

Thomas Rudd,

John llyley,

Eliz. Roper,

Francis De La Rue, William Rice.

S.

John Smith Esquire, John Shipen,

Sir John Southcot, Charles Stourton,

Robert Scarifbrick, William Smitli,

Countels of Sussex,

Dr. Nicholas Shee,

John Smith,

Sir Edward Southcot, Robert Shaw,

Geo. Smith,

Alicia Scott,

James Sloane Esquire, Geo. Shepard,

Philip Stapleton, Dominick Sherborne, William Stavely,

Anne Selby,

Edward Sommerfet, Henry Scudamore, Michael Smith,

Hugh Scally,

Andr. Smallwood, Robert Shepheard,

John Stevens,

Thomas Salkeld,

Jane Strachan,

Francis Sheldon, Thomas Swinburne, Alexander Strachan, John Seagrave,

Peter Saltmarih,

John Talbot Stoner, Esquire,

Mary Timperly,

John Lord Trimleftown, Francis Terne, Gentleman,

Jeremiah Tinker,

James Tracy,

Edward Talbot, Gentleman.

Humph. Trafford, Richard Trigagle, Thomas Taylor,

Geo. Throckmorton Esquire.

Richard Trevanian, Gentleman,

Ralph Temped, WalterTrafford, Gentleman,

Charles Trinder, Esquire, James Tallant,

John Terry,

Geo. Taylor.

V.

Maiy Valois,

Antony Vane.

W.

William WaUh,

John Williams,

John Ward,

Francis Williamson, Esquire,

George Wilson,

Edward Willbn,

Sir Drury Wray, Captain Daniel Woods, Charles Walwin, Thomas Wailock, William Wood,

John White,

Ralph Widdrington, and Mary his Wife, William Willmore, Thomas Welsh.

George Talbot,

X.

A Lift of Persons to whom Warrants were ordered

them out,

for Privy-Seals to day in England, and have not yet taken as followeth; viz.

John Murphey.

B.

Sir Henry Bond,

Jane Bell,

Captain Tho. Bourk, Owen Banahan, William Boyfe, Captain John Bradyll.

C.

Captain Henry Carter, Thomas Conyers,

M ajorWilliam Crolby, Sir John Collitan.

D.

John Drake,

Wynn Davies.

E.

Francis End.

F.

William Fenwick, Arthur Fitz-Patrick.

G.

John Grace,

Mr. Gardner.

H.

Lady Hatton, Widow, Mabeil Harding, Widow,

Xeverius Harris,

George Harris.

J.

Edward Jones,

Lewis Janvier, Catherine Jackson, Robert Inwood.

K.

John Knight,

Miles Keagen.

L.

Peter Lyon,

Charles Luker,

John Lambda

John Lunt,

Mr. Long.

M.

Sir Terence Margrave,

P.

Francis Pearce, Henry Prince,

John Purcell.

S.

Thomas Smith,

John Spencer, Charles Sherbourne, Thomas Shaw.

W.

Daniel Westney, John Wynall, William White, Tecla Whaley.

Ordered, That the said Lids do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Pendarvis reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of Estates given to fu-perditious Uses was committed, That they had made

(a) " D oft or" in the Lift whi

Vol. XII.

feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That toe said Bill be re-committed to toe same Committee, upon the Debate of the House.

>i wm presented to the House.

A Petition

EfVates given t‘» fupeift-tious Uiea.

Qualifying ior Office*.

Leave of Absence*

Arbitrations,

A person liberated by Lords, remanded to the Tower.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committees.

JResumption of Grants.

188 31° Martii — 1° 1698.

A Petition of the President, Treasurer, and Governor, of St. Bartho/onieiv's Hospital, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Hospital has been at very great Charges, during the late War, for curing above 3,000 Seamen and Soldiers, without any Allowance for the fame; whereby the Debt of the said Hospital is much increased: That there is a Bill, depending in the House, for vesting Lands given to superltitious Uses on Greenwich Hospital: And praying. That feme Part of such Lands as shall be discovered may be settled upon St. Bartholomew's Hospital.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

said Outlawry, and was refiored to his little Estate in Ireland, not 60/. per Annum: And praying, That, in the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick j a saving Clause may be inserted for the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition Marshal of of Mr. Set ear is referred, have Leave to lit in a Mom* King',

ing, but not beyond Ten a Clock. Bench.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, that such Persons as have been employed and intrusted in the Managements, Receipt, and Collection, of any Taxes or Duties granted last Session of Parliament, and who have omitted to qualify themselves, according to the Laws in being for that Purpose, may have further time lb to do: And that Sir John Mavewa and Sir John Buck-nail do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore have I.eave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Cornwallis have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occa-lions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Charles Duncomb Esquire having been committed by Order of this House to the Ttnoer of London; and afterwards discharged by the Order of the House of Lords,

without the Consent of this House;

Resolved, That the said Charles Duncomb, now in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, be remanded to the Tower of London: And that Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant accordingly. '

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Land Tax, for One Year, to raise Money for dif-banding Forces, paying Seamen, and other the Uses therein mentioned, was read the Third time; and several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of 1,484,015 /. 15. 11 { for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other the Uses therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 1° die Aprilis; 10° Gulielmi Tertii, 1G98.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen of the Buying and City of London was presented to the House, and read; felling setting forth. That there are several Offices and Places within the City of London, which have anciently been disposed of by the Petitioners Ancestors, and the Profits applied to support the Honour of the City; but the Petitioners conceive, that the Bill depending in the House, to prevent buying and selling of Offices, and Places of Trust; will hinder the Petitioners from disposing of the City Offices: And praying to be heard touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Mr. Brewer, according to Order, presented to the Jmkin'i House a Bill to enable John Jenkin, Merchant, to fell Estate. feme Part of his Estate, for the Payment of his Debts:

And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next

Ordered, That Sir Robert Rich have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abfeoce.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Colchester into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to Work-house*. whom the Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof:

And the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Colonel Strangwayes have Leave to go Leave of into the County upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Sandwich the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for "'nt* the electing a Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Sandwich, in the County of Kent, in the room of Edward Brent Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Return *f the more easy Return of Juries to serve at the Assizes <!" and Sessions: And that Sir William Hustler, Sir Manna- A *' duke fVycell, and Sir John Cay, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Praters.

A PETITION of Matthew Bellew was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That from the Year 1686, until after the Reduction of Ireland, the Petitioner lived with his Family in Lyndon, and was noways concerned in the late Rebellion of Ireland-, yet, by feme Mistake, the Petitioner happened to be indicted, and outlawed, lor High Treason, in that Kingdom, on Account of the said Rebellion; but, upon Application to his Majesty, and the Truth of the said Matter appearing, the Petitioner obtained an Order for the Reverlid of the ' 24

A Petition of several Persons concerned in the Ship Hudson'* Bay Charles, Captain Lucas Commander, was presented to Company, the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1683, the said Ship failed from England, and was taken, by one Captain IValkcr, then Commander of a Ship belonging to the Hudsons Bay Company, on the high Seas, out of the Limits of the said Company's Charter; and the Petitioners have not since been able to obtain any Satisfaction of the said Company, for the said Ship and Cargo: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered,

IO W. III. I? — 2#

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for confirming to Hudson's Bay Company their Privileges and

Charter is committed.

Relief of Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Bill for

Creditor*. repealing the Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree, is committed, do fit Tomorrow Morning; but not beyond Ten a Clock.

Aprilis. 189

Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth;

Press 12. L. 34, after the first " of " inlert " the."

The Bill was read the Third time.

Rijolved, That the Bill do pass, with the Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment, to which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Aieaus. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had taken forne Consideration of the Matter to them referred.

Godolpkiu'*

W in-

Fauquier's, &e. Nat.

Tiverton

Work-houses.

Crediton

Work-houses.

Poor Relief.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming and establishing the Administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Knight,

deceased, with lbme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of John Francis Joseph

Da Casse, and others, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: AHb,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, for the better employing the Poor thereof, with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals, Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, w ithin the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon; and for the better Relief of the Poor there; without any Amendment: Also,

The Lords do not insist on their Amendment made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for explaining lbme Defects in the Laws for Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom, to which this House did not agree.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Godolpkia'a The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for‘confirming and establishing the Administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Godolphin Knight, deceased:

And the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;

m

Sabbati, 2" die Aprilis; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Hare's /COLONEL Perry reported from the Committee, to Estate. whom the iogrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled,

An Act for the better enabling Sir Ralph Hare Baronet to make a Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children, was committed, That they had examined and considered the same; and made one Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered in at the - Vol. XII.

Ordered, That Sir John Leveson Gower have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Absence-Occasions.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lord Lie. for the better settling the several Estates of the Right burne'» Honourable John Lord Viscount Lisbume, in the King- Estate* dom of Ireland, and the Lady Viscountels his Wife, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Refotved, That the Bill be committed to Lord William Pmlett, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. parrer, Mr. Mr.

Newport, Sir John Bodes, Sir Charles Carterett, Sir Marm. Wyvell, Mr. Grevill, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Bowysr,

Mr. Ettrkk, Mr. Maxedit, Mr. Gery, Mr. Onslow, Afr.

Roxruey, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Osborne, Sir John Kay,

Air. Hurley, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Brotherton,

Air. Clark, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Perry, and all the Alembers that lerve for Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Air. Molyneux reported from the Committee, to whom Hewetr*

the ingr-ofled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for vetting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Hewett Esquire, lying in the County of Middlesex, settled upon his Marriage; and, with the Aloney arising the reby, for purchasing other Lands in Leicestershire, where his Estate and Seat lies, to be settled to the feme Uses; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: Aud he delivered the feme in at the Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Molyneux do carry the Bill to the Lords, and-acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

A Bill to enable John Hawkes to fell Lands in the Hawke* County of Salop, for Payment of his Debts, was, accord- Estate. ing to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Air . Woollaston, Mr. Gery, Nr.Cornwallis, Mr. White,

Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Clark, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Next-port, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Traverse, Mr.

Taylor, Mr. Mountstccens, Mr. Fleming, S\rWm. Cooper,

Air. Norris, Mr. Cooper, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Foley,

Sir Wm. Lowther, Sir Fdxvard Ernley, Mr. Afr.

Hedger, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Fox, Mr. Gxvynn, Mr. Webb,

Mr. Machell, Air, Smith, Mr. Taylor, Sir John Bolles;

and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Hereford, Worcester, and Stafford: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers,

Ordered, That Colonel John Webb haye Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Abfsnce. Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Williams have Leave to go in.to the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

3 C A Petition

frittering

Deeds.

Belumption of Giants.

Bxeter

Work-houfts.

Duties on Leather.

I9°

2° Aprilis.

A\ 1698.

A Petition of the Clerks of Inrolment of the Court of Chancery was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Letters Patents, dated the 18th of November, 16th Eliz. the Petitioners were incorporated, and have ever since executed their several Offices without Complaint: But there being a Bill depending in the House, for registring Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances, which Bill will greatly prejudice the Petitioners, and their Office, in which they have a Freehold, they pray, That they may be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole Iloule, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of James Corry, of Castle Coole, in the Kingdom of Ireland, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1603, her

late Majesty did grant to the Petitioner, for his great Losses and Services in Ireland, during the War there, the Estate of CocconaughMaguire, a forfeiting Person, of

130/. per Annum, before the Troubles; and was incumbered to the Petitioner, and others, to the Sum of 1,600l. and the Petitioner has not yet, nor can,.for several Years to come, expert any Benefit of the said Grant: Anti praying, That there may be a laving Clause to him, of the said Estate, inserted in the Bill, depending in the House, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th of February 1688; and for app^ppriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Arthur Bury, Doctor in Divinity, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1667, the Petitioner's Father did, by his lait Will, appoint 40 /. per Annum to be paid to the Governor, Steward, or Treasurer, of a sufficient Work-house, to employ all the Poor of die Parish of St. Sidrvel's in Exeter, in case such an one should be erected within Twenty Years after his Death; and, shortly after, there was a sufficient Work-house built; and the Petitioner's Tenants, for about 26 Years, hath paid the said 40/. per Annum; but the Petitioner, finding no Good done thereby, put a Stop to the further Payment thereof, and agreed with the Governors of Tiverton to pay them the said Charity, in case they procured an Act of Parliament to establilli a good Work-house; the Petitioner conceiving it his Right to make such Agreement, because the Parish of St. had lapsed their Right, and Tiverton was second in his Father's Intentions: And now both the City of Exeter and the Town of Tiverton, applying themselves for Acts of Parliament to establish a Work-house in each of their Precincts, the Petitioner prays the Direction of the House, how the said Charity shall be applied.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for erect-ing Hospitals and Work-houses within the City and County of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, is committed: And that they do examine the Matter, and to whom the Right of the Charity mentioned in the said Petition doth belong; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and other Dressers of Leather, and also of the Shoemakers, Glovers, Sadlers, and other Persons concerned in and about cutting and felling of Leather, within the Borough of Tre-gotiey, in the County of Cornwall, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, since a Duty hath been laid upon Leather, the Petitioners find a wonderful Decay in their Trades; and most of them, who were Mailers, and kept many Servants, have been forced to lay down their Trades: and the Trades of those who carry the same on are reduced almoll to nothing: And

praying. That the Duties upon Leather may be taken

off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell mongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Arbitration*, for determining Differences by Arbitration, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Bockland, Mr, Sloane, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Mr. Henly, Sir John Bucknall, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Bohun, Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Brothcrton, Mr.

Mr. Norton, Sir William Honywood, Mr. IFoollaston,

Mr. Pengclly, Mr. Rozaiey, Mr. Air.

Hedger, Mr. Cox, Mr. Norris, Mr. Air.

Sir John Bolles, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Sir

JFilliam Lowther, Mr. Hoar, Mr. White, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Worsley, Sir Richard Onslow: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of Richard Dickenson was presented to the Africa* House, and read; setting forth, That, upon Application ^wd®' made by the African Company to King Charles the Second, in 1676, for the securing their Trade to Guinea, his Majesty's Ship the Hunter, whereof the Petitioner was Commander, w'as ordered to Guinea, there to continue, and seize all such Ships as shall come there to hinder the said Company's Trade: That he arrived there, and took the Ship Ann, an Interloper, and delivered her up to the Company's Agent at Cape Corso Castle, without any Advantage to the Petitioner, according to his Instructions: That the Petitioner, returning, was forced to abscond for Fear of Arrests, the African Company refusing to indemnify him; whereupon he obtained an Order from the King and Council, the 7th August 1679, that they should ,save harmlefe the Petitioner; but they refilled to obey it; and William Dockwray, Owner of the said Ship and Cargo, hath brought an Action against the Petitioner for the fame, whereby he is in Danger to be ruined: And praying, That a Clause for the Petitioner's Indemnity may be inserted in the Bill for settling the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir John Marrwaring, according to Order, presented Qualifying to the House a Bill for giving further Time to divers for Oiiic#*. Persons to qualify themselves for their Employments and Trusts: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the Firli time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Mr. Pitt:

Air. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act nrirfowatf r for the enlarging, repairing, and preserving, the Bridge Brid^a and and Quay of the Borough of Bridgwatein the County Quay-of Somerset, without any Amendment: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Hare'*

this House,.....intituled, An Act for the better

enabling Sir Ralph Hare Baronet to make a Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Alaintenances for his younger Children: All'o,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill; for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million La,uJ Four hundred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for

disbanding

10 W. III. i° — 4° Jprilis.

191

tiifbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other the Uses

therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

0

Luke'« Mr. Bickerstaffe being in the House, the Petition re-

petition. feting to him was read.

And he was heard thereupon.

Leicestershire, where his Eftale and Seat lies, to be settled to the same Uses.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- RuffiaTrade, night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia; and nothing to intervene.

Recovery of Wages.

Leave of Abfeitce.

Sir Walter Young, according to Order, presented to Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- African the House a Bill for the better recovery of Wages due night, after the Committee of the whole House, upon the

to Servants, Seamen, and Miners: And the same was Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to

received. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

The Bill was read the First time. consider of die Bill for settling the Trade to Africa.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Registering Ordered, - That Mr. John Harvey have Leave to go night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^eeds; into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary on the Bill for registering Memorials of future Deeds and Occasions. Conveyances.

Royal A (Tent to Bills.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported. That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Aficnt to the several publick and private Bills following; v

An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of 1,484,015/. is. li-J d.for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other the Uses therein mentioned:

An Act for explaining an Act, made the last Sessions of Parliament, intituled, An Act for supplying feme Defects in the Laws for the Relief of the Poor of this Kingdom:

An Act for the enlarging, repairing, and preserving, the Bridge and Quay of the Borough of Bridgwater, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for dissolving the Marriage between Charles Earl of Macclesfeild and Anne his Wife; and to illegiti-

mate the Children of the said Anne:

An Act to enable John Lord Bishop of Chichester to make Leases of certain Houses and Grounds, belonging to the Bishopric of Chichester, situate in Chancery-lane, for a competent Number of Years:

An Act for confirming and establishing the Administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Knight, deceased:

An Act; to naturalize Charles May Esquire:

An Act to rectify a Mistake in the Marriage-Settlement of William Gardiner Esquire:

An Act to enable certain Trustees therein named, to make, renew, and fill up, Leases of the Estate of Sir Coppleston WarwickBampfyld, during the Minority of the said Sir Coppleston Warxcick Bampfyld, and his Brother:

An Act for settling the Estate of John Hall, a Lunatick, subject to a Debt charged thereon:

An Act for erecting Hospitals, Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, within the Town and Parish of Crediton, in the County of Devon; and for the better Relief of the Poor there:

An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses in the Town and Parish of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there: An Act for the Naturalization of Fauquier, Joseph Ducasse, and others:

An Act for the better enabling Sir Ralph Hare to make a.Jointure, and settle his Estate, and raise Portions and Maintenances for his younger Children:

An Act for vesting in Trustees, to be sold, certain Lands of George Hewctt Esquire, lying in the County of Middlesex, settled upon his Marriage; and, with the Money arising the reby, for purchasing other Lands in Vo L.XII.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Seven- Supply Bill; night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, c'rmitem on the Bill for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Ireland. Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Seamens whom the Petitions of the Officers and Seamen of the Arrears‘ Ships taken as Prize were referred, be made upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 4° die Apiilis to* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Burgh's for settling certain Lands, in Essex, on Tho. Burgh Estate* Esquire, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, of greater Value, conveyed by him, according to a Decree, and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceased, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Fra-Masham, Mr. Milbank, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Mountste-vens, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir William Hustler, Sir William Lowlher, Mr. Pengelly, Mr. Stringer, Sir If'aac Rebow,

Mr. Povey, Mr. Bertie, Lord Digby Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Machell, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Palmer, Sir John Turner,

Mr. Slater, Sir Cha. Hoiham, Sir John Kay, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. White, Mr. Pendarois, Sir Edward Norris, Mr.

Harvey, Sir EliabHarvey, Mr. Monson, Mr. Lambton;

Sir John Fleet, Mr. Foley, Mr. England, Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Stevens, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Thornhagh, Sir John Bolles; and all that serve for the Counties of Essex and Hertford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Privilege. Richard Turner, a Receiver of the Taxes for the last Year, although he had received, and given a Discharge in full, for the Taxes due from Sir Henry Gough, a Member of this House, had distrained the Goods of the said Sir Gough, for the same Tux, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elefitions, do examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir

Ettrick's Kit at#.

Colchester

Workhousei.

Call of the Ueufe.

192

4® — -50 Aprilis. ^.1698.

Sir William Bowes reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Anthony Ettrick Gentleman to fell Part of his late Wife's Lands, pursuant to Articles of Agreement, made in lier Life-time, for the Sale thereof, was committed, That they had examined the Matter, and heard the Petitioners against the Bill; and considered the Matters to them referred; and made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses in the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Press 8. L. *. after " force," to insert " or hereafter to be " in force

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House j and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Refoboed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An A Gtfor erecting Hospitals and Work-houses in the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Masham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House was, according to Order, called over:

And such as made Default were noted down: Who being called over a Second time, several were excused of their Attendance; some upon Account of Sickness, and others upon Account of extraordinary Occasions.

The Question being put, That Esquire

be excused;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Ycas,|^J^ ^Burrington: } 07-

Telle, for ,l,eNoe,{|;S. ST- } 98.

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The Question being put, That James Praed Esquire be excused;

The House. divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telle, for the

Telle.so, rteNo.^;^,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And the Question being put, That John Clobery Esquire be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

The Question being put. That Sir Tho. Stanley be excused;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Clobery and Sir Thomas Stanly do attend the Service of the House upon this Day Fortnight

Ordered, That no Member do go out of Town without the Leave of this House.

Ordered, That Leave for Members to go out of Town be moved for only between the Hours of Twelve and One a Clock.

Ordered, That the House be called over again upon this Day Fortnight: And that such Members as shall not then attend be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the

24

whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing Counterfeit-the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the ,n£ Com. Coin of this Kingdom, was committed, be received upon this Day Sevennight at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom- Militia ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Regulation. House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Militia; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of °.f

Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of William rin

Wharton, and Eunice his Wife, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 5* die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

MR. Trye reported from the Committee, to whom Burlipp the Bill for repairing of the Highways from the Road*. Town of Burlipp, and the Top of Hill, in the County of Gloucester,.....was committed, That they

had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with an Amendment to one of them.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Sudbury erecting a Work-house and Hospital in Sudbury, in the Workhouse. County of Suffolk, for the better employing and m.dn-taining the Poor there: And that Sir Samuel Barnardistnn and Sir Tho. Barnardiston do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Harvey Morres Esquire was presented to Resumption to the House and read; setting forth, That, according of Gr«mtt. to his Majesty's Declaration, of the 22th of February 1688, the Petitioner laid down Arms in Ireland, went home and lived peaceably; but, being afterwards indicted for High Treason, on Account of the Rebellion there, the Petitioner obtained his now Majesty's Pardon, being a Protestant, and never dispossessed of his Estate: That by a Bill, now before the House, for vacating all Grant? of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; the Petitioner is in Danger to lose his Estate, notwithstanding his said Pardon;

And praying, a laving Clause in the said Bill, in Favour of the Petitioner.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the President, Treasurer, and Governors, F.slate* give* of St. Thomas's Hospital in Southwark, was presented to to superfti-the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill tiou* U1?s-now in the House for the better Dil'covery of Estates given to superstitious Uses; and that the said Hofpkal has been at great Charges during the late War for curing above 2,000 wounded Seamen and Soldiers yearly, without any Satisfaction for the lame; whereby the Debt of the said Hospital is much iucreaied: And praying, That

Coppef

Coinage.

IO W. III. 50 — 6° Aprilis. i$3

such Part of the said Estates given to superstitious Uses fidered the Bill; and made Tome Amendments; which may be allotted to the said Hospital, as the House shall they had directed him to report to the House; which he think fit. read in his Place; and afterwards dc livered in at the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read through-be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon re-committed. the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the

House.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Sheriffs, of A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That the City of Bristol, on behalf of the Retailers, Viaual- the Trustees shall not be chargeable with more than lers, and other Inhabitants, of the same City, was pre- what they shall relatively receive; and that they may, fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the mthe First place, be allowed all Charges they shall be vast Quantities of Copper Halfpence and Farthings in Put to by reason of the Trust reposed in them: and about the said City is become burdensome; the Poor And the same was tw ice read; and, upon the Question paying scarce any other Money, and Merchants and Put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Farmers refilling to take them without Allowance; lb , O, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be that the Burden is likely to fall heavy on the poorer fort mgrofled. of People: And praying Redress of the House in the

Premises. A Bill for the further regulating Elections of Mem- Regulating

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition bers to serve in Parliament was, according to Order, E,eaioDS-be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of rea^ a Second time. _

the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victual- RThat the Bill be committed to a Committee lers, Market people, and Retailers in general, of the the who^e House.

Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do RThat this House will, upon Monday Mom-examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with inS next> resolve ltrelf lnt0 a Committee of the whole their Opinion therein, to the House. House> to consider of the said Bill.

Burgh's Ordered, That Mr. , Mr. Blofeild, Mr.

Mawdit, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Thompson, he added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for settling certain Lands, in Essex',on Tho. Burgh Esquire, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, of greater Value, conveyed by him, according to a Decree, and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceased.

Hornby's A Petition of several of the Creditors of Joseph and Creditor. Nathanael Horby, on behalf of themselves, and othei'3 of the Creditors of the said Joseph and Nathanael, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Joseph and Nathanael, being indebted to the Petitioners, and other Creditors, in a considerable Sum of Money, stopt Payment about March 1694; but soon after came to an Agreement with Two-thirds, in Number and Value, of their Creditors: But, being disabled to compleat the lame, by reason others of the Creditors are Executors, Administrators, Guardians, or Trustees, who, as the Law now is, cannot execute the said Agreement; and, without the same be done, it will be to the great Loss of all the Creditors, and the said Estate;

the Creditors pray Leave to bring in a Clause, to the Bill for repealing an Act for Relief of Creditors, in cale Tw o-thirds, in Number and Value, do agree, to enable such Executors, Administrators, Guardians, and Trustees, to execute and establish the said Agreement.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, Sir Ashurst, Mr. Manley, Sir William Ceuper, Mr. Vincent, Colonel Zee, Mr. Taylor, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. England, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Cox, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Bower, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Jeffryes, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bridges, Sir Tho. Skipwith, Mr. Foley, Mr. Tredenham, Sir John Banks, Sir Chr. Musgrove, Mr. Colt, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Colonel Crawford,

Colonel Peny, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Morgan, Air.

cis, Mr. Clark, Sir Wm. Wogan, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Sloane, Mr. Blaake, Sir John Bolles, Sir John Fagg, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. White: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Tamer* Sir Eliah Harvey reported from the Committee, to

l^iuae. whom the Bill for (upplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of 12,000l. and Interest upon their Estate, was committed, That they had heard the Petitioners, and con-Vol. XII.

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bills for punifiiing Air. Punishing Knight and Mr. Burton, be read the Third time To- Eni8lu> morrow Alorning.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Molyneuxhave Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Brereton have Leave to go into the Country for Eight Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- ways and lolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Means, consider further of Ways and Aieans for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred j and had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Alorning.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 6° die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ABILL to enable John Jenkin Merchant to fell some jenkin'* Part of his Ettate, for Payment of his Debts, was liitate. read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Brener,

Sir John Bacbtall, Mr. White, Mr. Mount ague, Air.

Gery, Lord Fairfax, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr.

Sir Fra. Masham, Mr . Bickerstqff'e, Mr. Brotherton, Mr.

Gardner, Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Kay, Mr. Manley, Mr. Campion, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Thompson, Air. , Lord Castleton, Mr. Ashby, Sir William Air. Lowther, Sir John Phillips, Sir Jaco Ashley, Sir Robert

Cotton, Mr. Yard, Mr. Phillipjts, Mr. Lampton; and all

3 D tli*

194 6° Apr

the Members that serve for and Sussex: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

J. Smith'* A Bill for the Sale of Three Houses in Swan-alley in E<tate. Coleman-street, late of Joseph Smith, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gery, Sir Charles Windham, Colonel Perry, Mr. Hedger, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Win. Lowther, Mr. Sir Geo.

Hungerford, Colonel Granville, Mr. Mr. Bertie,

Mr Lowther, Mr. Yates, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Freeman, Mr. England, Mr. Moor, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Dolben, Mr. Gardner, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Vivian, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Stevens, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Bickerstaffe, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. , Mr.

Manly, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Flemming; and all that serve for London and Middlesex: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Private Bills. Ordered, That no private Bill be read the Third time before Eleven a Clock.

Copper A Petition of the Mercers, Ironmongers, Skinners,

Coinage, Shoemakers, Smiths, Bakers, Innkeepers, and other Tradesmen, of and within the City of Litchfeild, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the great Quantity of Copper Halfpence and Farthings, not worth above a Fourth Part of the intrinsick Value, the Currency of the Silver Coin is much obstructed, and Trade much discouraged thereby: And praying. That Care may be taken to redress the said Grievance.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committees, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ditto. A Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the ancient Borough of Great Marlow, in the County of Bucks, wa3 presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Proprietors for coining Copper Halfpence and Farthings have not only, contrary to their Obligation, refused to exchange the Petitioners white Farthings, but have coined such great Quantities of Copper Farthings, that they are become a greater Clog to Trade, and the Petitioners, than the said White Farthings were: And praying, That the Increase of the Copper Coinage may be prevented.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with 'their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resumption A Petition of Charles Throgmorton Esquire was pre-«f Grant*, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, after his Majesty's Landing in Ireland in 1690, the Petitioner submitted to his Majesty, who ordered the Outlawry of High Treason against the Petitioner, had on Account of the Rebellion in Ireland, to be reversed; which was accordingly done, and the Petitioner restored to his little Estate in that Kingdom, not above 200l. per Annum: That by the Bill now in the House, for vacating all Grants of Estates, and other Interests, forfeited in Ireland, since the 13th Day of February 1688; and for appropriating the same to the Use of the Publick; the Petitioner is like to lose the Benefit of the said Reverfel: And praying, That a feving Clause for the Petitioner may be inserted in the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Officers in the City of London, Buying at in behalf of themselves, and others holding and exercising *1"^ Offices or Places in the said City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by ancient Ufege, the Petitioners Predecessors have disposed of their Oh ices to fit Persons, by Approbation of the Lord Mayor and Aldermen; and, for that Reason, the Petitioners were encouraged to purchase them, with all, or the greatest Part of, their Fortunes: That by a Bill depending in the House, for preventing the buying and selling of Offices, and Places of Trust, the Petitioners conceive they shall be hindered from disposing of their Places, and he greatly prejudiced thereby, if it should pase into an Act:

And praying to be heard by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of several Soldiers, in behalf of them- Petition of selves, and the rest of the Regiment of Dutch Guards of *)ul.c{j Foot, commanded by his Grace the Duke of uai

bergh, was offered to the House:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Tludson Bay whom the Bill for the Continuance of a former Act, for Company, confirming to the Governor and Company of Hudsons Bay their Privileges and Trade, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Edward Harley reported from the said Committee, That they had heard the Petitioners touching the said Bill: and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which, and allb the Matter upon the Petition of several Persons concerned in the Ship Charles, Captain Lucas Commander, they had directed him to report specially to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That William Jennings, being asked, What he knew of the taking the Ship Charles ? laid, That one Walker, Commander of a Ship belonging to the Hudson's Bay Company, took the said Ship Charles, about Twelve Years since, in Hudson's Streighls: That the said Commander threatened to put him in Gaol, because he was an Interloper in those Parts: That lhe was taken Fifty or Sixty Leagues from the Shore, within the:

That lhe was in a good Condition, and had lufiicienl Provision when lhe was taken.

Being asked, Where lhe was bound ? fetid. We were bound for Hudson's Bay.

And being further asked, What became of the Ship ? made Answer, That, after he was taken, he was put into the Company's Ship; and that feme time after, she was loft, having run against the Rocks; but could not tell.

Whether lhe was loft by Strefe of Weather.

Being asked, If the Men were changed? feid, Yes; and that he believed they left not one Man of her own Crew in her.

And being further asked, If the Ship was loft for want of Hands ? feid, He could not tell: He believed they had Hands enough: And feid. He further believed.

That the Lose of the Ship was through Ignorance:

That he was entertained by the Company as a Ware-house-keeper Six or Seveu Years; but had been several Years out of their Service.

Matth. HaUery, being asked, If he knew any thing of the taking the Ship Charles ? feid, He was in her when lhe was taken: That lhe was taken at Sea, before Hie came into Hudson's Bay, by a Ship commanded by one Captain Walker:That they were 1 j or 20 Leagues with-18 out

Leave of ▲bfeoce*

Qualifying lux Offices.

IO W. III. 6° Jprilis. 195

out the Streights: That they were boarded; and that the said Captain Walker took out all her Men, and put other Men into her; and that the said Ship was after cast away upon the Rocks; That the greatest Part of her Cargo was loft.

And further said, That it was good Weather when ihe was cast away; and believed the was loft through Ignorance: He said. He was never in those Seas before.

And being asked, If he knew where the Mouth of the Streights lay? said, It lies at the Capes Mouth:

And said, That the Ship was taken about 12 Years ago: That there was l'otne Trial at Doctors Commons about the said Ship; but that he was not concerned in the Tryal, and did not know the Event of it.

Jennings and Halkry being confronted;

Jennings said, That the Ship was taken about 50 or 60 Leagues within the Streights: That the Streights lay betwixt Farewell and Cape

Hallery said, As far as he could remember, They passed the Streights after the Ship was taken.

Geo. Game said, He believed the Ship Charles was

taken by Captain Walker: And said, That there was but Seven or Eight Men on board her when fire was cast away, and not a Man loft.

And being a<ked, How many Years it was since ? said, It was about the Years 1682, or 1683. And said, It was a bitter Storm, and no lying with a Boat when the Ship was loft; and that lhe was not cast away by Negligence, but by Stress of Weather.

He further said, He knew nothing of any Goods that were brought on Shore; and there was no Boats went out but for saving the Men: Said, He had formerly been in the Company's Service; but was now out of it, and had been so for several Years.

The Company alleged. This Matter had been determined in the Court of Admiralty, and in the King's-Bench, about 12 Years since, and adjudged for them; and they were never questioned about it since that time.

And the First Amendment being read a Second time;

Re Joked, That the Bill be re-committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be.. committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved', That this House will, upon Saturday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Hudsons Bay Company do lay their Charter before this House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Tipping have Leave to go into the Country, his Mother being very ill.

Ordered, That Mr. Stevens have Leave to go into tire Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Colonel Wallpole have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

A Bill for giving further Time to divers Persons to qualify themselves for their Employments and Trusts was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Mairwaring, Sir Wliter Yonge, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Champ-nyes. Sir John Buclcnall, Mr. TSir Richard Onslow, Mr. White, Mr. Bbfeild Sir Travell, Mr.

Culliford, Mr. Rawney, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. stevens, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Scroop How, Sir Fra. Masham, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Manly, Mr. Dolben, Sir RowlandGwyn, Mr. Boyle, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Neale, Mr. Denz. Onslow, Mr. Beake, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Tracers, Sir Wm. Honywood, Mr. Palmes, Sir Ashurst, Mr. Ogle, Sir Jof Mr. Morgan, Sir John

Elwell, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Aislaby: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And it is to be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do insert a Clause in the said Bill, to give the like Time to all Vo uXII.

others to qualify themselves, who, through Inadvertency, or other Hindrance, have rleglefted the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ayre and whom the Bill for making the Rivers and Calder, in t'^*r ‘Sav" the County of York, navigable, ..... be received upon

Friday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

1

A Petition of Elizabeth Knight, Wife of John Knight, Punishing Prisoner in the Tower, was presented to the House, and Kjiigbt, or read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and her Three BxcLeouer"3 small Children, are likely to be reduced to great Necef- Bills, fities, if some Provision be not made for them, before the Bill for punishing John Knight Esquire, for false Indorsing of several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills, do pass; a great Part of the Petitioner's Fortune being laid out, in the Purchase of Annuities, for her and her Three Childrens Lives, on the 12 and 14 per Cent, and the Sur-vivorship, with Intent to make some Provision for them; but the same are made payable to the Petitioner's Husband: And praying, That the said Purchases may be exempt from all Forfeiture, and reserved for her and her Childrens Benefit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time. Ditto.

An ingrossed Clause w as offered as a Rider, for reserving to the said Eliz. and her Children, 266 /. per Annum, purchased on the Acts for Annuities of 12 and 14 / per Cent, with Part of Mrs. Knight's Fortune, though taken in her Husband's Name, and intended for the Benefit of Mrs. Knight and her Children:

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read the Third time; 4

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out " August," and inferring, instead thereof, " January,"in several Places:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for punishing John Knight Esquire, for false indorsing several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of do

carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, for punishing Bartholomew Burton Punishing Gentleman, for false Indorsing several Bills, made forth at Burton for the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer* Exchequer1* Bills, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

And several Amendments was proposed to be made, to the Bill, by leaving out " June," and inferring, instead thereof, " January," in several Places;

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title »be. An Act for punishing Bartholomew Burton Gentleman, for false indorsing several Bills, made forth at the Receipt of Exchequer, commonly called Exchequer- Bills.

Ordered, That the Lord Marquis of Hartington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Ways and the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of ^Ieaus' Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Clcaifing Rivers, &c.

Copper

Coinage*

Wove

Buttons.

Ettrick's

Estate.

Suppressing

House-

breakers.

196

Jot is, T die;

Decimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SIR John Bucknall, according to Order, presented to

the House a Bill to encourage the Cleansing of Ports, Harbours, Roads, Bars, and Rivers, which may* be made more navigable, of all such Obstrufitions as prejudice the Navigation thereof: And the same was received. The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time this Day Sevennight.

1698.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, That they do consider of some other Punishment than Death, for Burglars and Highwaymen;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Books and Papers, now in the Army Hands of the Clerk of this House, relating to the Ac- Arrearj. counts of Mr. Francis Molyncu.v, Agent to the Duke of Sckomberg's Regiment, be delivered to the said Mr. Molyneux., by a Schedule, to be returned when the Reference, touching the said Accounts, is over.

7* Aprilis.

A Petition of the Grocers, Brewers, Distillers, Soap-makers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Tallow-chandlers, Butchers, Victuallers, Retailers and others, of the Parish of St. Botolph without in the

City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Contractors for making Copper Halfpence and Farthings have coined such vait Quantities, that they are become more burthensome than the late Tin Farthings, which were to be changed by the said Contractors, who allow 4/. perCent. to such Persons as buy their Copper Coin; whereby, so many are uttered from their Office, that the poorer Sort of People are paid for their Labour in very little other Money, and by them, who are very numerous, paid to the Petitioners for Provisions and Goods; lb that the Petitioners are rendered incapable to pay their Bills, otherwise than by Farthings; which their Chapmen refuse to take: And praying, That the House will take the Premises into Consideration, and redress their Grievances.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers. Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victual-leis, Ai arket-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do ex-

amine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for repairing the Highways from Burlipp the Town of Burlipp, and the Top of Crickley Hill, in Road*, the County of Gloucester, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, with Blanks, That no Toll shall be demanded until the Security, given to the Gloucestershire Justices, shall be ap-

proved by a certain Number of Heixfordshire Justices:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Tide be, An A fit for repairing the Highways from Burlip, and the Top of Crickley Hill, in the County of Gloucester.

Ordered, That Mr. Try do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Burgh* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A fit Rftale* for settling certain Lands, in Essex, on Thomas Burgh F.squire, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, of greater Value, conveyed by him, according to a Decree, and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, was committed, That they liad examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Molyneux reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to suppress the making of wove Buttons was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of John Knott was offered to the House, relating to the Bill to enable Antony Ettrick Gentleman, to fell Part of his late Wife's Lands, pursuant to Articles of Agreement, made in her Life-time, for the Sale thereof.

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

It passed in die Negative.

A Bill for the better Discovery, and suppressing, of -House-breakers, was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Evelyn, Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Ettrick, Sir Marm. Wivell, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Frewen, Sir William Bences, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Colt, Mr. Mr. Flemming, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Trye, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Pagit, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir John lips, Sir Robert Clayton, Lord Hide, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Gardner, Colonel Try, Mr. Gery, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Machcll, Sir Sum. BarnardistMr. Baldwyn, Air.

Tredenham; and all the Members that serve for Surrey: And they are to meet tlus Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Air. Shackerly, Mr. Lee Banks, Mr. Escapes of Holt, Mr. Palmer, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Pudjey, Mr. L,ebtor*>

Air. Cooper, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Goals; is committed.

Air. Dolben reported from the Commhtoe, to whom Relief of the Bill for repealing the A fit, made the last Session of Creditor*. Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions with their Debtors,' in case Two-thirds, in Number and Value, do agree, was committed.

That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had direfited him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clanfe was offered to be added to the Bill, to make void fraudulent Discharges, obtained by Perjury:

And the feme was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Aleffage from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook and Air.

Pitt;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for r Smith'* the veiling several Lands, late belonging to Robert Smith Estate. Esquire, deceased, in Trullees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered,

Leave of Abfeoce.

Army

Arrears.

Leave of Absence.

Bailing of Prisoners committed by the House.

Supply.

x o W. III. 7 °- — 8° Aprilis. r 97

Ordered, That Mr. George Rodney Bridges have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the Petition of Mrs. Lovelace, which was referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Francis was referred,

be transferred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Langston's Regiment is referred.

Ordered, That the Lord F have Leave to go

into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Napper have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Militia_ solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ReSulat'on-consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Militia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Henry Hobart took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Henry Hobart.....from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progreis in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Sir William York have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Mr. Knight, now Prisoner in the Tower, and Mr. Burton, Prisoner in Newgate, be bailed, by giving Security to the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That, over and above the Duties already payable, a further Duty be laid upon all Coal and Culm.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon all Coal shipped, or waterborne in order to be shipped, be Five Shillings per Chaldron.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be paid by the Owner or Master of the Vessel, at the Place of landing the said Coal.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Coal not shipped, or waterborne in order to be shipped, where the same usually are, or may be, sold by Weight, be Two Shillings per Ton.

Resolved, Tlmt it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Coal not shipped, or waterborne in order to be shipped, where the same usually are, or may be, sold by Measure, be Three Shillings per Chaldron.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Coal not shipped, or waterborne in order to be shipped, be paid by the Owner at the Pit.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Culm be One Shillingper Chaldron, to be paid by the Owner thereof.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, over and above the Duties already payable, a further Duty be laid upon all Coal and Culm;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the YcaJj^; f % % lgton; } 144-

Tellers for the Noes, } 123'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The rest of the Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor Vo l. XII.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee!.

And then the House adjourned' till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 8* die Ap; Decimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Maltsters, Brewers, Grocers, Copper Butchers, Bakers, and divers other Traders and Coinage. Dealers, in the Town and Borough of Abington, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been, for some time past, and are daily, more and more oppressed with great Quantities of Halfpence and Farthings: And praying, That the House will take care to redreis this growing Grievance.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Vifl.ual-ers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act R. Smith's for the vesting several Lands, late belonging to Robert Eftau. Smith Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir William Hustler, according to Order, presented to Return of the House a Bill for the more ealy Return of Juries at Juries at the Assizes and Sessions: And the same was received. Assizes. Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom Lloyd'a the Bill to naturalize William Lloyd Esquire was com- Nal* mitted, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Edward Harley reported from the Committee, to Hawke's whom the Bill to enable John Hawkes to fell Lands in Estate* the County, of Salop, for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had made lbme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which, he read , in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

3 E Table:

Ettrick'a

Estate.

Ditto.

Bishop of

Winchesteris

Leafing.

Inlaid Bills of Exchange.

Hornby's

Creditors.

Lori

Lifetime's

Estate.

Windham's

Estate.

Hornby's

Creditors.

Aire and Calder Navigation.

Ip8 V Aprilis.A. 1698.

Table: Where the same were Once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Samuel Starlings an Infant, was offered to the House, relating to the Bill for vesting in Trustees certain Lands, Parcel of the Estate of Jane late Wife of Antony Ettrick Gentleman, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for making a Provision for Elizabeth their Daughter, an Infant, and Heir to her said Mother:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received,

It passed in the Negative.

The said Bill was read the Third times.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for vesting in Trustees certain Lands, Parcel of the Estate of Jane late Wife of Antony Etiricke Gentleman, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for the making a Provision for Eliz. their Daughter, an Infant, and Heir to her laid Mother.

Ordered, That Sir William Bowes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords by Sir John Hoskins and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Rill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease granted by the Lord Bishop of Winston, of a Parcel of Waste-ground in in the County of Southampton, for the erecting of Water-works there, and for improving the same: To which they de-fire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Payment of inland Bills of Exchange, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Frewen, Sir Sir Tho.

Damll, Mr. Mountsteoens, Mr. Morris, Mr. Buckley, Mr. Guy, Mr. Lambton, be added to, the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of several of the Creditors of Joseph and Nathaniel Hornby is referred.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland , Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Thompson, Mr. LambtonMr. Phillips, Mr. England,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Speke, be added to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, for the better settling the several Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord VtfccmntL in the King*

dom of England, and the Lady Viscountess Lisbume, his Wife, is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Trustees to make Leases, and grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits, of the Estates late of Sir Edward Windham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton Windham Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Windham Baronet: And that Major-General Earle do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir John Buckwo Sir Peter Vandeput,

and John Bull, of London, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and others, Creditors of Joseph and Nathanael Hornby, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Consideration of a Petition, said to be signed by several of the Creditors of the said Hornby's, being referred to a Committee, the Petitioners likewise pray, That they may be heard by the Committee against the said other Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Sir John Kay reported from the Committee, to whom the BUI for making the Rivers Aire and , in the *9

County of York, navigable, was committed, That they had considered the Petitions to them referred; and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had dire filed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question put thereupon, all* except Clause E, agreed unto by the House.

Clause E being read a time, That *;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for the Commissioners to abate the Price of Carriage of Goods:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to exempt the Inhabitants of Pontefract and Knottingly from paying any Duty, except Freight, for their own Goods, that shall pals up the River Aire to Knottingly Mills, and thence down to Hull:

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being, put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, for enabling the Undertakers to make By-laws for the better managing and preserving the Navigation of the said Rivers:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill,

That the Undertakers shall give all the Commissioners Notice when they are to meet:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Ways solved itself into a Committee of the whole House to and Means, consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,.

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Whithoura annex the Refitory of Whithoum in Herefordshire to the Re&°ry-Bishoprick of Hereford: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Restraining restrain the great Expence and Length of Suits in the Spence of Courts of Law and Equity: To which they desire the Law u,t#* Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Commitu*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

io W. Ill

Escapes of Debtors.

Borgh's

Estate.

Retnrn i f Junes at quizes.

Sufferers at Loudonderiy

p° Apritis. I99

Sabbati, 9* die Aprilis;

Deoimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of William Wecdon Ford Esquire, Warden of his Majesty's Prison of the , was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner is seised in Fee of the said Office, subject to the Payment of several great Debts; and finds that he is in Danger of being aggrieved by a Bill, now committed, for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols: And praying, That he may be heard touching tire said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for settling certain Lands, in Essex, on Thomas Burgh Esquire, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, of greater Value, conveyed by him according to a Decree, and tlje Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deoealed, was read the Third time.

Refolded, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Brother ton do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Bill for the more easy Return of Juries at the Afr fires and Sessions was, according to Order, read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second timo.

Sir Robert Clayton reported from the Committee, to . whom the Petition of the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of the City of Londonderry, in Ireland, was referred, That they had examined and considered the lame, and Come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow: viz.

Refblved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allegations contained in the Petition are true.

Resolved, That it is the <)[>inion of this Committee* That it appeared to the Committee, upon Examination of the Petition, that the publick Losses, Disburseroents, and Damages, sustained by the Inhabitants of that City, are, in the said Petition, very moderately computed* and the Losses besides, to particular and private Persons, are very great.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That the Services end Sufferings of the said City, on the late Resolution, were very eminent, and of great Consequence to his Majesty's Service, and the Preservation of the Three Kingdoms.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee* That, in regard thereof, the said City hath well deserved, and ought to be refunded the Monies in the Petition mentioned; and to have some special Mark of his Majesty's Bounty, for a lasting Monument to Posterity.

That, in Order thereto, it is humbly proposed, That something in particular, which the Wisdom of this Honourable House shall think fit, be humbly recommended to his Majesty to be done for the fame.

The Three first of the said Resolutions, being read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally pul thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " and ought to be refunded the Monies," and inferring, instead thereof, " to be considered lor the M Damages:"

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vox.. XII.

Resolved, That tins House doth agree with tire Committee in tire laid Rclolntiou, to amended, That, in regard thereof, the said City hath well deserved to be considered for the Damages in (lie Petition mentioned; and to have foiire l'pecial Mark of his Majesty's Bounty, for R lasting Monument to Posterity.

Ordered, Tlmt it Ire relerred to the same Committee, to draw up an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, setting forth tire Subllance of the said Petition, and the said Resolutions j and humbly praying, That his Majesty will please to make lbrne Compensation for the said Damages, out of the Customs of the said City, or otherwise, as to his Majesty, in his princely Wisdom, shall think fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Fcclefiafticai regulate the Proceedings and Process of tire Ecclesiastical Courts.

Courts: And that Mr. Sloane and Mr. Dolben do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Rmvland Gw Sir Geb. Hun- Suppressing gerj'ord. Sir John Bolles, Mr. Burrard, Sir Masham, House- Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Perry, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Mountste- breaker*' vens. Mr. Clark, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery, and Supprtffing, of Housebreakers is committed.

Sir John Bolles reported, from the Committee, to whom Seamens the Petition of the Officers and Seamen belonging to the Arrear»* Newport, Blaze Fireship, Portjbiouth Prize, Hind Pink, and Wren Pink, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do He upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House: And that the same be read, and taken into Consideration, upotf this Day Sevennight.

The House being acquainted, That a Person attended Hudson'sBay at tire Door with the Charter of the Bay Com- Company's

pany; Charter;

He was called in; arid, at the Bar, presented to the House the said Charter.

And then withdrew'.

Ordered, That the said Charter be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for confirming to the Hudsons Bay Company their Privileges and Clrerter is committed.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Privilege ©fa into Consideration the Report from the Committee of Member in a Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of Suit*

Wharton, and Eunice his Wife:

And the same was read; and also the Resolution of the Committee thereupon and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of William Wharton Esquire, and Eunice his Wife, praying Leave to proceed against Sir J(Jcph Tyley, both in Law and Equity, upon a Bond pretended to be entered into by Sir Ro+ berts, deceased, of the Penalty of 3,000 /. for Payment of 1,500l. to tire Petitioner's W ife, after his the said Sir John Roberts his Decease; and also for a Legacy of 300 /. given her by the said Sir John Roberts his Will; the said Sir Jojiph Tyley % Lady being the Widow and Administratrix, with the W id annexed, of the said Sir John Roberts;

The Committee have examined die Matter thereof:

That as to the Bond of 3,000l. Penalty, it was agreed, That there had been Thrre Actions brought upon it: Upon the First, the Petitioner was Nonsuited; upon the Second, the Defendant had a Verdict; and, upon Neglect of the Defendant's Attorney, to enter up the Judgment, upon a Motion the then following Term, a new Tryal was granted, which was had by a special Jury at Bar; and, upon that, the Plaintiff had a Verdict ted Judgment:

That

300

9° Apri

A. 1698.

Privilege of That the Counsel For Sir Joseph Tyley infilled, That

-Memberin a the said Bond was forged; and that, sincethelaft Tryal, u,t* they had discovered such Evidence, as they were able to

inake out the Forgery; and therefore offered. That, if the Petitioners would wave their Judgment, Sir

Tyley would wave his Privilege, and abide the Issue of another Tryal: But the Petitioners Counsel did not think fit to accept of that Offer.

That then the Bond was produced by the Petitioners: But they laid, They were not provided with Witnesses to prove it, they relying on the Judgment had upon it.

That thereupon the Counsel for Sir Joseph Tyley produced

Hugh Preston; whole Name was first let as a Witness to the said Bond: And the said Preston said, That he had been a Servant in Sir John Roberts's House:

That he knew the other Two Persons, named to be Witnesses; but said, He did not believe it to be his Hand; and had been produced at Three several Tryals; and had sworn so at them all.

Mr. Henry Cudmore said, when he first saw the Bond which was about January 1692, he took particular Notice of it; and that it was sealed with a Seal of Seven Stars, without turning down the Paper, as it seemed now; and it is since lealed with the Coat of Arms of Sir John Roberts.

That then EbenezerBroome was produced; who, feme

time before, had owned the Writing of the Bond, or a Copy of it, and shewed Remorse for it; but he, being examined before the Committee, denied that the Bond was of his Hand-w riting, or had confessed that he bad forged it; but said, He had made a Copy of it for his Mother: And further said, That Sir Joseph Tyley lent for him to a Publick-house, and charged him with Forgery; and threatened to fend him to Newgate; which made him lay what he did: He did likewise say, That he had been ill for a Fortnight; and afterwards was told he then find all manner of things: And denied, That he knew Mrs. JFilJbn, or Mr.

That thereupon the said Ebenezer Broome was confronted by Mr. George Heath, Sir Thomas Lane, and Mr. John JVatfon: And

Mr. Heath and Mr. said, That they were at

the Publick-house, where Sir Joseph Tyley sent for Mr. Cheshire, the Matter of the said Ebenezer Broome; and told him, That he suspeCled the said Broome for forging a Bond: Thereupon his said Matter sent for him; and, when he came, he was asked, If he know Mrs.

He denied it: Thereupon Mrs. told the Story,

How Broome's Mother brought him to her'IIulband, to be cured, as a Person ditturbed in his Mind: And that her Iiulband asking his Mother, What was the Occasion of her Son's Illness, and Ihe offering to answer to it, the said Broome interrupted his Mother; and said to Mrs. JVilfons Husband, Don't believe my Mother; I have, by hei' Order, forged a Bond of 1,500 I. from Sir John Roberts: And thereupon the Doctor said, He would have nothing to do with him: And, after Mrs. JVilfon had told the Story at the said Publick-house, Ebenezer Broome said, It was all Shams; and thereupon he was charged with a Constable, and carried before Sir Thomas Lane.

That, as to what passed before Sir Thomas Lane,

Sir Thomas Lane was examined ;who said, That Ebenezer Broome was brought before him, by his own Warrant, for counterfeiting the Bond in question; and that the Evidence against him was, as Mr. Heath and Mr. Watson, testified: And thereupon he having ordered his Mittimus to Newgate, the said Ebenezer Broome desired then to ipeak with him; and said, He would confess: Upon which Sir Thomas Lane cautioned him to say nothing but what was Truth; and then left the said Broome and his Clerk together: And his Clerk took the said Broome's Confession, which was to this Effect -, That about Five Years ago, his Mother gave him a Bond to Copy out, and stood by him w'hilft it was doing; and his Mother

ordered him to be very exact in copying the Bond, both as to the Form of the Words, arid Manner of Writing; and, to the best of his Knowlege, the Bond was of 3,000l.

Penalty for Payirientof 1,500l. to Eunice Broome: That he could not tell whether it was signed or sealed, that Part being hid: And he said, He believed that Bond had been produced at several Tryals: That he could not tell w ho counterfeited the Hand and Seal of Sir John Ro-bei'ts\ but he said. He was about the Age of Seventeen w hen he wrote it: That he was not, at that time, so fen-lible of his Fault, as at the time of his Examination; but, if he had thought such ill Use would have been made of it, he would not have writ the said Bond for all the World: That the said Examination was read over to him; and he read it himself; and afterwards swore it

That Sir Thomas Lane's Evidence was confirmed by Mr. Heath and Mr. Watson; and all of them agreed.

That there was no unfair Threatening used by Sir Joseph Tyley: And Mrs. JVilfon was also produced, who gave the same Evidence to the Committee, which Sir Thomas Lane, Mr. Heath, and Mr. JVatfon, had before given an Account of.

That there was also produced to the Committee the several Answer and Disclaimerof Anne Broome, and Eunice Broome, when foie, to the Bill of Complaint of Sir John Roberts, sworn 21 March 169...; which is in general Words; and, in the said Disclaimer, there is no Notice taken of the said Bond.

Mr. Heath said, That, on Tuesday 15 March, he went to Ebenezer Broome, at the Spunging-house, to fee how he did; and that the said Broome told him, He had nothing to say to Sir Joseph Tyley, nor him; and that he should find as many Friends as him, or Sir Joseph Ty/cy.

That then, for the Petitioners, the Counsel called.

John Shilton, who is one named as a Witness to the said Bond: The said Shilton said, He was Servant to Sir John Roberts; and called up by him; and bid to put his Hand to a Writing; and believes this Bond was that Writing, and that his Hand is to it as a Witness; but was not certain.

He said, He did not remember he fee Sir Roberts sign it, or seal it: That Sir John Roberts did not tell him the Contents of the Writing he was a Witness to; and did not hear Sir John Roberts speak of any such Bond during his Life.

That the Petitioners also called

Mrs. Mary Love, Mr. Henry Palmer, and Mr. -ton; who said, That when Ebenezer Broome was at a Spunging-house, he was for some time denied to him.

Mr. Henry Palmer said, He was by when the Bond was shewed to Mr. Cudmore, and the Bond that then w as produced had the Word Miliibus, which agreed with the Bond produced to the Committee.

Ebenezer Broome said, He was in the Compter upon an Action of 6,000l. at Sir Joseph Tyleys Suit; which Sir Joseph Tyley said, He would justify and maintain by virtue of the Statute, which gives double the Penalty against any Person that shall forge a Bond.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committe came to this Resolution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners have not made good the Allegations of their Petition.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petitioners have not made good the Allegations of their Petition.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Arbitration*. Perry, Mr. Phillipps, Mr. Colt, Sir JValter Young, Sir Thomas Roberts, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Marm. Mr.

Thornhagh, Mr. England, Sir Ch. Windham, Mr. Cooper,

Mr. Morgan, Sir Joseph Tyley, Mr. Blake, Mr. Fuller, be added to the Committee, to w hom the ingrossed Bill,

from

OOI

Way* and iicam.

L*ave of

AUence.

Raffia Trade.

African

Trade.

Whit borne Rectory

io W. III. 9or ii

from the Lords, intituled, An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration, was committed.

Sir Thotnas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Iiesolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Thati towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, an Imposition be laid upon all beneficial Grants from the Crown, in England or Ireland, since the Twenty-ninth Day of May ()ne thousand Six hundred and Sixty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, an Imposition be laid upon all forfeited Estates which have been restored by the Crown, by Reverl'al of Outlawry, or otherwise, since the 29th Day of May 1660.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Imposition, upon all beneficial Grants be a Fourth-part of the clear real Value of the said Grants.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Imposition, upon all forfeited Estates which have been restored by the Crown, by Reverlal of Outlawry, or otherw ile, be a Fourth-part of the clear real Value of the said forfeited Estates.

The said Iiesolutions being severally read a Second time, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a shall be brought in upon the said Iiesolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. do prepare, and

bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Harley have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occafiofis.

Ordered, That Mr. Colt have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re* solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia.

JVIr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; w inch they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon tiefday Morning next.

A Petition of the Bakers,' Cheelemongers, Chandlers, Copper and other Retailers w ithin the Parishes of Lambeth, Christ- Coinage. church, St. Saviour's and Newington-Butts, in the County of Surrey, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very much burdeu-ed by the vast Quantities of Copper Halfpence and Farthings now coined: And praying Redress therein, by putting a Stop to the further Coinage thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victualed, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do

examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Mealmen, Inholders, Ditto, Victualers, Labourers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the ancient Borough of St. Albans, in the County of Hertford, on behalf of themselves, and many more in the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Quantity of Copper Farthings and Halfpence lately coined do lie heavy upon, and become daily more and more burdenlome to, the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victualers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Gibson, and others, on behalf of Army themselves, and all the rest of the Soldiers late in the Arreart-Garison and Company of Upnor Castle, under the Command of Colonel Edward Rouse, was presented to tire House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners were disbanded the Tenth of March last, and forced, by the Colonel, to lign a Writing, which he pretended was a Receipt only lor w'hat they then received in Part, and that he would pay them the Residue; but coming, on 31 It of March last, to receive the Residue, was told, They had given Discharges for all that was due to them; and that if they were not gone immediately, he would punish , them as Mutineers: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Major-General Earle, according to Order, presented Windham's to the House q Bill for enabling Trustees to make Leases, £'state* and grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits, of the Eft ates late of Sir Edward Windham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton Windham Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Windham Baronet: And the same was received; and read the First time.

' Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Sevennight.

Resolved, That this House, will, upon Monday Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa; anjl nothing to intervene.

And then the MOufe adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir William Ashur Mr. Booth. Mr. Escapes of Evelyn, Mr. Bockland\Mr. Clark, Mr. Henly, Mr. , Del>for». Mr. Cooper, Colonel Kirby, Mr. Foley, Sir Christopher Mufgrove, Mr. Tredenham, be added to the Committee, to whom, the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; is committed.

Lund, 11° die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi Tertii.

PllAYKR S.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to annex the Rectory of Whitborne, in Herefordshire, to the Bishoprick of Hereford, w as read the Firfi time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Dav Sevennight.

Vox..'XII.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize William Lloyd Esquire, Lloyds Nat. and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals': And that the Title be,

An Act to naturalize William Lloyd Esquire, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Brothertondo carry the Bill to tl»e Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the poor Prisoners confined in the Pri- King's Bench son-houses of the King' s-Bench and was presented to p"jfon*et the House, and read; setting forth. That the Marshal,

3 F and

201

11° Apr

A. 1698.

and Wardens, have brought into their respective Prisons such Crouds of Debtors, by Rules of Court, and Warrants upon fresh Pursuits, that Five or Six have been frequently locked up in a narrow Room, whereof Two only had the Benefit of a poor Bed, and the rest compelled to lie on the Ground; and that several, who are Artificers, and formerly had the Benefit of the Rules, and supported themselves by their Labour, are now so strictly confined, that some have died for Want, and the Survivors in a starving Condition; their Wives and Fa-' milies turned a begging, without Hopes of Mercy from their cruel Creditors; neither doth the Marshal, or Warden, distinguish between those who have Effefits, and refuse ' to make a just Satisfaction, and those who, by Losses in

the late War, and other Accidents, are incapable; but all promiscuously are clapt up close, without Liberty of discharging even the Offices of Nature with Convenience; and that the present Lord Mayor will not permit the several Persons appointed to go with the usual Badge, Box, and Basket, to crave Alms for their Subsistence, but hath committed them to Bridewell: And praying the Consideration of the House therein; and that some Means may be found out for their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Roberts, Sir John Bolts, Mr. Arnold, Sir Marmaduke Mr. Bowyer,

Mr. Gery, Mr. Hedger, Sir William Hustler, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Cos, Mr. White, Mr. Bickerstaffc, Sir John Turner, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Mr. Kirby,

Air. Blaake, Mr. Pocklingto Mr. Phillips, Mr. Osborne., Mr. Jacob, Mr. Rowny, Lord Mr. Mason, Sir

JVilliath Bowes, Mr. Taylor, Sir William Sir

Henry Gough, Mr. Brewer, Sir Matthew Andrews, Mr. Holt, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Sir Mr.

Kerklty, Mr. Vaughan, Air. and all that

serve for the City of London, and County of Surrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Lord Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingossed

Lisburn's Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the iretter Efuue. settling the several Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Lisburn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Lady Viscountess his Wife, have Leave to fit in a Morning, but not beyond Ten a Clock.

Estates given Mr. Pendaroif reported from the Committee, to whom

to superfti- the Bill for the better Discovery of Estates given to super-

ious Uses. ftitious Uses was re-committed, That they bad considered

the Petitions to them referred; and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Friday Morning next.

1 lawkes' An iogrofled Bill to enable John Hawkes Gentleman

Estate. to fell Lands, in the County of Salop, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Hawkes Gentleman to fell Lands, in the County of Salop, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Newport do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Privilege of A Petition of Roger Kirkby Esquire, and Catharine a S!Ther " ^‘s was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Catharine was one of the Daughters and Co-heirs of Sir John Baker Baronet, deceased, and otic of the Grand-daughters of Sir Robert Newton Baronet, deceased: That Sir Robert, by Will, dated 15* die September 1669, did give to the Petitioner Catharines

Mother all his Manors of East and West Burning, in die County of Kent, for Life ami, after her Decease, to Elizabeth Baker, the Petitioner's Sifter, and her Heirs, who hath fmee married Robert Esquire; upon

Trust, to pay the Petitioner 700l. within Three Years after her Mother's Decease, with Interest at 4 /. per

per Annum; or, in Default, to enter on the Premises, and receive the Rents and Profits thereof until satisfied the 700 /. with Interest, and Costs sustained in recover- ing the same: That Dame Elizabeth Howai'd, the Petitioner Catharine's Mother, died the 18th of November 1693; whereby the Three Years for Payment of the Money is elapied; add Robert Spencer, and Elizabeth his W ife, have mortgaged the Premises to William Stringer, a Member of the House; who, for Non-payment of the Money borrowed thereupon, hath been in Pofi'ellion for Tw'o Years past, though be well knew the same were liable to the Petitioners Demands, as aforesaid: And praying. That Mr. Stringer may be ordered to wave his Privilege:

To which Mr. Stringer was beard; and declared, He did not inlist upon his Privilege.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Fees in of the Tables of the Fees which have been delivered in Courts of by the several Courts in Westmitifler-halt, and Clerks of Law> the Peace and Assizes: And that they do examine the fame; and report their Opinion, what thereof are fit to be continued, or taken for the future;

And it is referred to Sir John Bolls, Mr. Stringer, Mr.

Gery, Mr. Neuport, Mr. Drake, Sir Francis Massamr Mr. Sloan, Mr. Jeffreys, And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence

Ordered, That Mr. Bennet have Leave to go into the

Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Yates have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary

Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Pelham have Leave to go into . the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Regulating solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Elei&OTa* consider of the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left die Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Air. Speaker refuraed the Chair.

Air. Cooper reported from the said Committee, Thai they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Saturday Alominf next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the Counterfeit-whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing >n£ Coin-the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Com of this Kingdom^ was committed, be made upon-Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Nine a Clock.

to W. III.

03

Mortis, 12" die j

Decimo Gulielini.

And the feme was twice read; tad, uptm the Questfon put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, that the Bill, with the Amendments be ingrossed.

bishop of A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Winchester's j\ for confirming a Lease, granted by the Lord Bishop Leal"'g- of IWinchester, of a Parcel of Waste-ground in,

in the County of Southampton, for the erecting of Waterworks there, and for improving the same, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Scvennight.

Return of Ordered, That the Bill for the more easy Return of

juries at Juries at the Assizes and Sessions be read a Second time Assizes. Upon Saturday Morning next.

Wove An ingrossed Bill to supprefe the making wove Buttons

Buttons. was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. *,

L. *, by adding after " Buttons," " made of Cloth or " Stuff:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House;....

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Portman have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occafioris. Absence'

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Ashton have Leave to go to the Bath for a Month, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir John Manwaring have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to Order, refblved Hself Into Ways and a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Mesas. Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refiiined the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had taken further Consideration of the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*

Qualifying Mr. Farrer reported from the Committee, to whom far Office*, the Bill for giving further time to divers Persons to qualify themselves for their Employments and Trufis was committed, That they bad examined and considered the fame; and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein Ihoufd be construed of taken to restore any Person to any Office or Employment, wIjo, by reason of his not qualifying hhnself, hath been removed from such Office or Employment:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of Ibe Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Improving Sir George Hungerford reported from the Committee, Woollen Ms- to whom the Bill for the better improving the Woollen "frAure. Manufacture, was committed, That they had made several

A rv>/>y % /liv.r»|>tq kLa R|lj _ UiflipK tltPU Ko/I Hirfiftfln Ktm

iiUKJiiuuivlllo nj ujvT Jim 1 y wnivn Uivy ntsti un ia wu exstre

to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally pot thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill to prevent the deceitful Winding of Wool.

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause w as offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, for Factors not to fell Wool, or Dyeing Stuffs:

And the Clause was tw ice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all broad, mixed, or white Cloths, made in the West Hiding of the County of York, shall, after the First of September 1698, contain between Forty and Forty-two Yards in Length, and in Breadth Six Quarters:

Vol. XII.

And then the House adjourned till Tb-morrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercitrii, 13° die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulidmi.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act R Smitk't for the vesting of several Lands, late belonging to Eftata Robert Smith Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for the Payment of his Debts, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Refhboed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Poultry,

Mr. Gzvyn, Sir Thomas Roberts, Mr. Roberts, Mr.

therton, Sir Gilbert Clerke, Sir Jacob AsMr. Fuller,

Mr. Lowther, Mr. Watlirtgton, Mr. B/qfcild, Mr. Btdd-

ztyn, Mr. England, Sir John Bolls, Sir Math. Andrews,

Mr. Mazvdit, Mr. Blake, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Lamp-ton, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Phillips, Sir Edward Seaward,

Mr. Gery, Sir St. Andrew St. John, Sir John Mordent,

Sir Joseph Tyly, Lord Hyde, Mr! , Mr. Kirkby, Mr.

Morgan, Sir John Kay, Mr. Bockland, Mr. Frezcen;

And they ^re to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Joseph Tyly reported from the Committee, to whom Exon Work*

the Bill for erqcting Hospitals and Work-houses within houses. the City, and County of the City, of Exon, for the better employing apd maintaining the Poor there, was committed,

That they had examined and ednfidered the feme; and the Petition of Dr. Bury, which was referred to the said Committee; and that they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; as also the Matter upon the said Petition spectally; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the said Report was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Words of the WHl are:

41 And, that I may return feme further Tribute of Thankfulnefe to my most gracious God, for his Angular Goodness towards me, That #[if] within Twenty Years, after the Date of this my Will, there shall be, within the Parish of St.Sidzedrs in the County of the City of Exeter, founded, erefited, and established, a convenient and sufficent Work-house! wherein all the poor People of that Parish, that shall be able to work, shall be maintained

Th'i» Word is supplied from the original Report.

therein.

Lord

Litburne's

Estate.

Qualifying for Offices,

204

its — r^Aprilis. A. 1698.

Therein, ttnd kept to Work; then, and so long as the said Employment shall be continued, I give, devise, and bequeath, unto the Master, Governor, Steward, Treasurer, or Receiver, of the said Work-house, that shall be so erected by and within the Time aforesaid, for the Time being, for ever, the annual or yearly Rent of Forty Pounds, to be paid quarterly, by even Portions, out of my Lands and Estate hereafter expressed; 3

thereof to be bluing, due, and payable, out of the Barton of Nether Slower alias Netker-Stofford, in the Parish of Cullyton Rawlagh, in the county of ; Eight

Pounds and Eight Shillings more thereof, which 1 have already reserved in my Deed made to the Dean and Chapter of St. Peter's in Exeter, bearing Date the 12th Day of May, in the 17th Year of his Majesty's Reign, that now is, over England, &c. as the Remainder of the Rent of Twenty-five Pounds per Annum, among other charitable Uses therein mentioned, ilfuing out of my Tenement in the Parish of Tiverton, commonly called Rock alias Woodend; and the other 32 Residue thereof, to be ilfuing, due, and payable, out of that little Messuage or Cottage, with its Appurtenances, situate and being in Broad Minett, now in Possession of , after the Death arid Decease of Elizabeth Lethbridge: And my Will is, That, before the said Work-house shall be so erected, as aforesaid, the Eight Pounds, ilfuing out of my Tenement in Tiverton aforesaid, shall be paid to the Churchwardens of Tiverton aforesaid, for the Time being, for the Uses hereafter mentioned; that is to say, To buy therewith, every Christmas, Eight Gowns for Eight poor Alms-men of Tiverton aforesaid; and J.B. to be set upon the Sleeve, in Red; and the Overplus thereof to be employed for buying of Shoes for them; and the Eight Shillings remaining to be given to the Clerk, for his Care. Item, I do ordain and nominate Five Feoffees, in Trust, to see the due Performance hereof; Mr. Peter Blundell, Mr George Hartencll, Mr.

Mr. Bernard Goddard, Mr. Robert Chattey, and my Nephew Mr. James Clark: And, as soon as any Two of the said Feoffees shall happen to depart this Life, my Will is, that their Number be supplied by Two others, to be nominated by the Three Survivors."

The Will, dated the 15th June, 19* Car. 2di, Amoque Domini 1667.

Afterwards the said Amendments were once read throughoutand then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The Lord William Pawlet reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better settling the several Estates of the Right honourable John Lord Viscount Lisburn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Lady Viscountess his Wife, was committed, That they had examined and considered the lame; and directed him to report the same to

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to make the Rivers Ayre and Calder in the County of York, navigable, be read the Third time, upon Saturday Morning next.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Smith, Under-Sheriff of the County of find

John Bayly, and William DainTwo Bailiffs of dlesex, had, in Breach of the Privilege of this House, entered into the Dwelling-house of Esquire,

a Member of this House, upon Account of Arrears of Taxes, although the said Mr. had before accepted a Bill for the fame, which he might have received in Exchequer- Bills;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do, this Afternoon, examine the Matter; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Smith, John Bayly, and William Dainter', do attend the said Committee this Afternoon.

Ordered, That Co\bne\Rolles have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Gilbert Clarke have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Howe have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, rc-solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several. Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jmis, 14

Decimo Gulielmi. Praters.

the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, for giving time to several Persons to qualify themselves for their Offices, Trusts, and Employments, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made in the Bill, Pr. 2. L. 6, by leaving out " entered," and inserting " subscribed," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Refolxed, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for giving time to several Persons to quality themselves for their Offices, Trusts, and Employments.

Ordered, That Mr. Farrer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

/ORDERED, That Sir Christopher Mufgraxc, Afr. Fleming, Mr. Kirkby, Mr. Trcdenham be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes is committed.

A Bill to encourage the cleansing of Ports, Harbours, Roads, Bars, and Rivers, which may be made more navigable, of all such Obstructions as prejudice the Navigation thereof, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed upon the Debate of the House, to Sir John JVolstenholm, Sir Francis Massam, Sir John Bucknal, Sir Charles Gerrard, Sir Tho-

mas Roberts, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Shackerly, Serjeant Bond, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. York, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Kirkby, Mr. Foley, Sir Matthew Andrews, Mr. Frerwen, Mr. Rowney, Afr. Air. Sandjord,

Air. Harley, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Neale, Mr.

16 Machell,

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Privilege.

Leave of Absence.

Russia Trade;

Ways and Means.

Committee*.

t(capes of Debtors.

Cleansing Rivers, St.c -

Cleandng Rivera, Cue.

Turner*!

EfUte.

Lord

Liiburne's

Estate.

Feftrafriing Expence of Law Suits*.

io W.III. 140 Aprilis. 205

Machcll, Sir Marmaduke Wyvcll, Sir Charles Sir

William Lowlher, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. , Sir

Robert Clayton, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Bertie', and all the

Members that serve for the Sea-Ports and Cinque-Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Captain John Poyntz was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That.. . Petitioner having invented several useful Engines for removing of Bars, and other Obstructions, that stop Ports or Rivers, did, in April 1694, obtain his Majesty's Letters Patents for the sole Use and Making thereof for Fourteen Years; and Four Years of the said Term being expired: And praying a Clause to the Bill for encouraging the cleansing Ports, Harbours, 8$c. may be added, for the adding Four Years more to his Term already granted.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they may receive a Clause for the enlarging the time in the said Patent, if they shall think it reasonable.

An ingrossed Bill for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edw. Tumor, and Charles Tumor Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of 12,000l. and Interest, upon their Estate, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That when the said Paul Jodrell and John or the

Survivor, shall have raised the said Sum of 12,000l. by Mortgage, nothing therein shall debar such Mortgagees from the Remedies that Mortgagees commonly have for obtaining the Monies so to be let, and Interest, by gaining Possession of the Estate, and by foreclosing the Equity of Redemption, and otherwise; and, that, when the Pre-miles in the Counties of Norj and Suffolke shall be fold, towards the discharging of the said 12,000l. and Interest, then the Residue, that shall be undischarged, and all Interest due for the fame, whether turned into Principal or not, shall be in the same Condition as the Whole was before, as to the Interest thereof becoming Principal by Default of timely Payment, or by Assignment; and the Residue of the Premises, in the said Term of 2,000 Years, comprised, after such Sale made, shall remain charged with Payment of the Residue of the said Money, in such Manner, and which such Benefits, to the Mortgagees, as the whole Premises were chargeable with the whole Monies before such Sale:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question thereupon put, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Turner, and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest, upon their Estate.

Ordered, That Sir Eliah Harney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the better settling the several Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Lady Viscountess his Wife, was read the Third time. '

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord William Paxclctt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to restrain the great Expence and Length of Suits, in the Courts of Law and Equity, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Sevennight, at Twelve a Clock.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That Sir William Strickland have Leave to Leave of go into the Country, upon extraordinary Oocafions. Absenc*.

Ordered, That Mr. Sturt have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Varney have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Parker have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported Ways and from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the Supplies granted to his Majesty, there be a Tax laid, by a quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all and every Person and Persons do pay the Sum of Twelve-pence quarterly, for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be excepted such Persons who shall receive Alms of the Parish where they dwell, and their Children^ being under the Age of Sixteen Years.

Refolced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be also excepted all poor Housekeepers and Householders, who, by reason of their Poverty only, are exempted from contributing to the Church and Poor, and their Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be also excepted all Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, of all Day-Labourers, and of all Servants in Husbandry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there be excepted also all Children, being under the Age of Sixteen Years, of such who have Four or more Children, and are not worth in Lands, Goods, and Chattles, the Sum of 50 /.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Gentleman, or Person so reputed, or owning or writing himself such, having an Estate, in the Whole, either real or Personal, of the clear Value of 300l. or more; and every Person above that Quality, and not a Peer of this Realm; do pay the Sum of 20 s. quarterly, for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Widows, having a Dower, or Jointure, of the clear yearly Value of 100l. or mom, or being worth, in the Whole, the clear Sum of 1,000l.; and all unmarried Women, being worth, in the Whole, in any Estate, real or personal, the clear Sum of 1,000l.; do pay the Sum of 20#. quarterly, for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Cursitor, Philazer, Attorney, Solicitor, Clerk in Chancery or Exchequer, or other Court of Law or Equity, or Scrivener, or practising as such; and every Chancellor, Commissary, Official, and Register; and every Advocate, Proctor, and Publick Notary, or practising a? such; and all other Officers in any Court; do pay the Sum of 20#. quarterly, for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That all Merchants, and Brokers to Merchants, do pay the Sum of 20#. quarterly, for one Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That every Clergyman, not being a Lord Spiritual, having or receiving, in or by any Benefice or Contribution, or otherwise, 60/. per Annum, or upwards, do pay the Sum of 20#. quarterly, for One Year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Preacher or Teacher in any Congregation whatsoever, not having taken Orders according to the

3 G Discipline

Ways and "Means*

30 6 140 — 15* Aprilis. 1698.

Dlfcipline of the Church of England, other than French The last Resolution being read a Second time;

Protestants, do pay the Sum of 20 s. quarterly, for One An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by

Year. leaving out " for any County at large

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon.

That every Preacher or Teacher in any Congregation agreed unto by the House.

whatsoever, not having taken Orders according to the Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Com-Discipline of the Church of England, other than French mittee in the said Resolution. so amended, That all Per-Protestants, receiving in any Contribution, or otherwise, Ions nominated for Commissioners in the Act for granting the Sum of 150/. per Annum, or upwards, do pay to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred double the said Sum of 20.9. quarterly, for One Year. Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Eleven-pence and Three Farthings, this Year, do pay That every Clergyman, having more than one Benefice, the Sum of 20 quarterly, for One Year, or Ecclesiastical Promotion, being in the Whole of the Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-yearly Value of 150/. or upwards, do pay double the solutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-Sum charged upon other Clergymen. General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, the Bill.

That every Tradesman, Shopkeeper, and Vintner, having

an Estate in the Whole of the clear Value of 300l. and A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and upwards, do, over and above the said Sum of One Sir Richard Holford:

Shilling, pay the Sum of 105. quarterly, for One Year. Mr. Speaker,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Cary's Estate. That every Person, who, by reason of his or her Estate, vesting a Moiety of certain Messuages and Lands in is charged, or, by any Law now in being, is chargeable, Hackney, in the County of in Trustees, for

to find an Horse and Horseman, with Arms, to serve in the Benefit of Susanna Cary, Widow, and Relia of A7-the Militia of this Kingdom, over and above all other colas Cary Esquire, deceased, and others: To which they Sums chargeable upon him, or her, do, for each and every desire the Concurrence of this House. Allb,

Horse so charged, or chargeable, pay the Sum of 20 s. The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Aa Houghton's quarterly, for One Year; and so proportionably as every for vesting the Manors of Bastwick and Laviles, in the Eft*t«< Person is contributing towards finding Horse and Arms. . County of Part of the Estate of John Houghton

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging Debts That'every Person not finding, nor contributing to the charged thereon; and for settling another Estate in lieu finding, of an Horse and Horseman, with Arms, who thereof; without any Amendment, keeps a Coach, Chariot, or Calalh, over and above all And then the Messengers withdrew.

Other Sums chargeable, do pay the Sum of 20*. quarterly, for One Year. The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Militia

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, solved into a Committee of the whole House, to Regulation-That every Lord, Spiritual or Temporal, of this Realm, consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the do, over and above any Sum he is chargeable with, as Militia, aforesaid, pay the Sum of 10/. quarterly, for One Year. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Sir Richard Onslow took the Chair of the Committee.

That every Gentleman, or so reputed, or owning or Mf- Speaker resumed the Chair.

writing himself such, or being above that Quality, and Sir Richard Onslow reported from the said Committee,

under the Degree of a Peer of this Realm, and having That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to

an Estate of the Value of 300l. and being of the Age them referred; and had directed him to move, That

of Sixteen Years, and upwards, and within the Realm, they may have Leave to fit again.

who shall not voluntarily appear, and take the Oaths ap- Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-

pointed by the Aa, made in the First Year of his Ma- night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House,

jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the abrogating the to consider further of the said Bill.

Oaths of Supremacy and Allegiance, and appointing

other Oaths, do pay double the Sums they are before And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

charged with, quarterly, for One Year. Morning, Nine a Clock.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -__________

That all Persons nominated for Commissioners in the Aa

for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four , 15° die Aprilis;

fc?red r?ighty'four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Decimo Gu]ielmi>

Shilling Eleven pence Ihree karthings, this Year, for

any County at large, do pay the Sum of 20 s. quarterly, Prayers.

for One Year. A N ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Cary'a Estate.

The Three first of the said Resolutions, being severally A Aa for vesting a Moiety of certain Messuages and

read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally Lands in Hackney, in the County of Middlesex, in Truf-put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. tees, for the Benefit of Susannah Cary, Widow, and Relict

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time; of Nicolas Cary Esquire, deceased, and others, was read An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving the First time, out " and, " after " Churchand, instead thereof, in- Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon ferting " or:" Thursday Morning next.

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. A Petition of George Taylor Esquire, Marshal of the Ffcapes of

Refoked, That this House doth agree with the Com- Court of King's Bench, was presented to the House, and Debtors,

mittee in the said Resolution, so amended, That there be read; setting forth, That the Bill for Relief of Creditors

allb excepted all poor Housekeepers and Householders, in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing of Escapes, and who, by reason of their Poverty only, are exempted from other Abuses in Keepers of Gaols; very much concerns < contributing to the Church or Poor, and their Children, the Petitioner: And praying to be heard against the said being under the Age of Sixteen Years. Bill, by Counsel, before the same do pass this House.

The other Resolutions, to the last, being severally read Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is thereupon, agreed unto by the House. committed.

A Petition

t

Abuses in Fleet Prison.

Exon Workbooks*

6opj>er

Coinage;

Claim* on

Lottery

Tickets.

Improving Woollen Ma-nofadure*

Duties on Malt.

Repealing 39 Lliz. again A making Malt.

IO W. III.

A Petition of several of the Prisoners of the Fleet, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Prisoners there, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That Mr. Ford, pretended Warden of the Fleet, notwithstanding the late Act for preventing Abuses in Prisons, doth exact and take 5 s. per Week for ahnoft every Chamber in the Prison; and likewise extravagant Fees for the Commitment of every Prisoner, and Gratuities for the Liberty of Prisoners: And praying the Fees may be settled, to prevent such Abuses for the future.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the poor Prisoners confined in the Prison-houses of the £ench and Fleet is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the house.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses witbiu the City and County of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining of the Poor there, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City, and County of the City, of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seaward do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Mawdit and Mr. lawther be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Baldwin, and Mr. Aidaby be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of the Tickets on the Million Lottery-Act is referred.

A Petition of several Factors of on be*

half of themselves, and the rest of the Factors there, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That there is a Proviso to be added to the Bill for the better improving the Wooilen Manufacture, That 00 Blackwell-hall Factors shall fell any Wool to Clothiers; which will prejudice the Petitioners: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Proviso.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read the Third time: And that the same be read upon Wednesday Morning next

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, of what hath been received of the Duties upon Malt.

A Bill to repeal an Act, in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to restrain the excessive making of Malt; and to discharge and vacate all Orders, made by Justices of Peace, from restraining of Maltsters from making of Malt, since the late Duty of Six-pence per Bulbed laid upon Malt; was read a Second time.

Refolded, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brother-ton, Sir Thomas Travell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Ashby, Mr. Windham, Mr. Farrer, Lord Digby, Mr. England, Mr. Clarke, Dr. Oxinden, Sir John Etwell, Mr. Gardner, Sir Matthew Andrews, Sir Fran. Massatn, S\r John Key, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir Bowes,

.Sir William Lmcther, Sir Stephen Evans, Mr. F«//er, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Boyle. Sir John Phillips, Mr. Morgan, Sir Rowland Gzcynne, Mr. Gery, Mr. Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Gzvyne, Mr. Maoheli, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr.

Phillips, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Mr. Duke,

Colonel Pery, Mr. Lampion, Sir Thomas Roberts, Mr. Fierying, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Mr.

-(combe: And they are to meet tfijs Afternoon fft Five a rC'ltick, in the Spier's Chwnhor.

Vpl. XII.

!yrilis. 267

A Bill for the Explanation, and better Execution, of Exporting former Acts made against Transportation of Wool, and Wool, Fullerf Fullers Earth, and Tobucco-pipe Clay, was read a Se- Earth> &c coud time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Sir John El-well, Sir Roniand Gwynne, Sir John Key, Sir William Lawther, Mr. Bofcawen, Sir MarmadWyvell, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Harrison, Sir Samuel BarnMr. Gardner, Mr. Campion, Mr. Taylor, Dr. Oxinden, Mr. Thom-haugh. Lord Fairfax, Sir William Drake, Mr. Ashby,

Mr. Osborne, Mr. Mountsteceus, Mr. , Mr. Ryder,

Mr. Clarke, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Bal Mr. Howe, Sir Scroop Hence, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Manly, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Thompson, Sir John Philipps,

Sir George Choute, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Lawther, Sir William As hurst, Mr. England, T\Ir. Frezcen, Sir Baz. Dix-

well, Mr. Blofeild, Mr York, Mr. Monckton, Mr. Blake,

Mr. Lqmpton, Mr. Mawdit; and all the Members that serve for the Cloathing Counties: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Foreign whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company of Luftringt. England was referred, be received Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Colonel Nanny have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir William Thomas have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Sir William Bowes have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Serjeant Coward have Leave to go* into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

The ftonfe resumed the Consideration of the Bin to Children of naturalize the Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and Soldpjs N»V others, the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War; the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government:

And a Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That any Person exprefely named in the said Act, or not expressed, but intended to be thereby naturalized, shall and may, at any time during the space of Five Years after he or fee shall attain to the Age of Fourteen, be admitted in any Court at Westminster, to make Proof, by one or more Witnesses, viva voce, that such Person did receive the Sacrament, and take the Oaths by this Act appointed; and that such Person was born of a Father, or Mother, that was a natural-born Subject of this Reglm, and actually in the Service of his Majesty, or the late Queen, at such his or her Birth:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the

Bill-

Then an Amendment was proposed to be made in the'

Bill, Pr.p. L. 12, after " Realm," to insert "and " were then actually in the Service of his Majesty, cur " of his Majesty and the late Queen, of blessed Me*

" mory:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

Lagreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title vbe, An Act to naturalize the (Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and others, ,the jnatural-born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War; the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Motion

208

15° — 16° Aprilis. A. 1698.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Ditto#

Earl of Gainsborough's Mate.

Churchill's

Elluie.

Ways and Means#

Committees.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the receiving the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom, was committed, be adjourned till Monday Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^J^ . } 92-

Tellers for the Noes,{'J£ } 97'

So it pa<Ted in the Negative.

Mr. Confer, according to the Order of the Day, reported from the said Committee of the whole House, That they had made some Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause being offered. That no Person shall be obliged to receive Guineas at 22$. a piece, or higher Value than they arc worth in Standard Bullion;

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for ,heY } no.

TeUers for.be Noes, {&£"? }»,

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Franklyn:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting Lands in Trustees, to be ibid, for 'Payment of the Debts of lVriothesly Baptist late Earl of Gainsborough, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House, Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill Knight, lately deceased, pursuant to his last Will, and Two Decrees of Chancery for Performance thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please 'to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be- made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees, but the Committee of Privileges and Elections, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbali, 16* die Aprilis;

10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

AP ETITIO N of the Mayor, Aldermen, and She- Copper riffs, of the City of Coventry, on the behalf of Coina^ themselves, and all the Traders within the same, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Quantities of Copper Halfpence and Farthings, that they receive, is a great Discouragement to Trade, and more a Clog than the late White Farthings were: And praying Relief therein, by putting a Stop to the Increase of them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Cloudesly Shovell, and all the Mem- Claims on bers that serve for Cornwall and York, be added to the Lottery Committee, to whom the Petition of the Proprietors of T,ckeU* the Tickets on the Million Lottery-Act is referred.

Ordered, That Mr. Gardner, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Eng- Marftml of land, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Mr. King'*

Blake, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Alarm. WxpceU, Mr. Wood- Bench\

rosse, Mr. Fuller, be added to the Committee, to whom , the Petition of Tho. Sevear Gentleman is referred.

Mr. Lowndes reported from the Committee, to whom Claims on the Consideration of the Petition of several Persons on behalf of themselves, and others, the Proprietors of the lic eU* Tickets on the Million Lottery-Act, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolutions of the Committee; thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read: and are as follow; viz.

That the Committee, having taken into Consideration the Petition of the Proprietors of the Tickets on the Million Lottery-Act, do find, by an Account delivered in to the Committee, by the Paymaster of the said Tickets,

jC*

That there remains yet unpaid, of] the Million Lottery Tickets, due at ] 18,342 10 —

Lady-day 1696, the Sum of - "J There is allb unpaid, of]

120,000l. due at Michael- > 43,000---

mas 1697, the Sum of -J

Towards which thercl __

is in the Exchequer -J 3>000

So remains to be provided for - - 40,000 ——

There is also due at Lady-day 1698 - 20,000 ——

The said Paymaster hath] received, upon 14 Tallies] of Pro, on the Hereditary I and Temporary Excite, f 7,9 '

for Payment of the Tickets due in 1695

Out of which, deducting for theTickets of that Year, } 6,363 — — that remained unpaid There will remain to lessen the Deficiency -

78,342 10 —

L549 — —

So that the whole Deficiency of the Million Lottery-Tickets, due at Lady-day 1698, to be provided , for, is -

A great Number of the Proprietors of the said Tickets, being present at the Committee, did humbly desire, That-the said Deficiency of 76,793/. 10$. may be supplied, and made good, out of such distinct or particular 19 Funds

76,793 10 —

FitMHarrii*

EOate.

Return of Juries at Ash*#*-

10W III.

16° Aprilis.

209

Funds as this House shall think fit, the Tickets that became payable between the 17th of May 1696, and the 17th of May 1697, being already provided for by the $s. Aid of this Session.

And all the said Proprietors, appearing, as aforesaid, except One or Two, did further desire, That a Course of Payment of the said Tickets may be established for the future, either, as the said Tickets stand numbered successively, the lowest Numbers to be paid first, one Year, and the highest the next Year; or otherwise, as this House shall tlunk fit:

And that one Half-year shall be paid, and cleared before the next Half-year shall commence, or begin to be paid:

And that the Duty of Nine-pence Barrel, upon the Excise, be appropriated, during the whole id Years, from the 17th of May 1697, fur the Payment of the said Tickets, until they be fully satisfied.

And that thereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the growing weekly Payments, coming into the Exchequer, from the additional Excise for Payment of the Million-Lottery Tickets, be first applied to the Payment of the Tickets of those Half-years, which are already incurred, and grown due, except the Tickets of Michaelmas 1696, and Lady-day 1697, which are appointed to be satisfied out of the Land Tax.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the future, the growing weekly Payments, coming into the Exchequer, from the additional Excise, for Payment of the Lottery Tickets, be applied to the Payment of the Tickets of every Half-year, which shall first incur, or become due; so that the Tickets of every preceding Half-year shall be cleared, or Money reserved, for them, before any Payments be made, upon any Tickets of a subsequent Half-year.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the more orderly Payment of the Lottery-Tickets, those for 20s. apiece, commonly called Blank Tickets, shall be paid in arithmetical Progression, beginning first with N# i, and proceeding to the Number 97,500; and those called Benefit, or Prize Tickets, shall, in the next Place, be paid in Course, from N* 1, to N* 2,500; and afterwards, the Blank Tickets shall be paid from N° 97,500 to N# 1; and the Benefit Tickets, from N# 2,500 to N* 1; and so forwards, alternately.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Nine-pence per Barrel Excise be appropriated, during the whole Term of 16 Years, to the Payment of the said Tickets, until they be fully satisfied.

The said Rel'olutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, pursuant to the said Rel'olutions: And that Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Petition of Sir Henry Fitz-Harris Baronet was referred, be received upon Thursday Morning next.

A Bill for the more easy Return of Juries, at the Assizes and Sessions, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Kay, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Alarm.JVyvell, Sir John Woolsten-hobne, Sir John Elwill, Mr. Mr. Harrison, Sir

Jos. Tily, Sir Robert Bur del, NI r. Spencer, Sir Colt, Mr. Bohun, Sir Cha. fVyndham, Sir Mr. Gery, Sir Sain. Jiarnardiston, Sir Francis Mr. Lowther, Mr. Halsey, Sir Cloudsly Shovell, Mr.

Freeman, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Osborne, Mr.

Mr. Fuller, Colonel King, Sir Jacob Ashley, Sir Tho.

Day, Mr. Staines; Mr. Thompson, Mr. Blake, Sir Matth. Vox.. XII.

Andrews, Mr. Fleming, Sir John Boll Sir John Mr. Sand ford, Mr. England, Mr. York, Sir JVm. Hust-

ler, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Ryder', and all that serve for the Counties of York and Cornwall: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Stephen Hutchins, and others, in behalf ^rn,y of themselves, and the late Company of Miners, commanded by Captain John Pitt, was prelen'.ed to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners faithfully served his Majesty, all the late War, till the 10th Day of March last, at which time they were broke by Colonel Withers: That there is a great Arrear of Pay due to the Petitioners, who are poor, and want their Money: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the M&tter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Lewkner, Mr.

Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Gery, Sir John Kay, Mr. Bohun, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir John Elwell, Sir Fran. Masham,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Blake, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Tily, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Harrison,

Mr. Rider, Colonel King, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Poultney,

-Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Maudit, Sir John Sir Francis

Wyndham, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. England,

Mr. Palmes, Mr. Spencer, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Robert Bur-det, Mr. Hammond, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Arnold: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Poultney reported from the Committee, to whom R. Smith'* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting several Lands, late belonging to Robert Smith Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The House took into further Consideration the Re- Estates gwen port from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Discovery of Estates given to superstitious Ufts *°u was committed.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question, severally put thereupon, all of them, except Clause B, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time, That nothing in the Bill shall extend to any Gift or Dif-position made by Sir William Knight,

deceased;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table till this Day Sevennight.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of for vesting Lands in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Gainfbo. the Debts of Wriothesly Baptist late Earl of Gainsbo-rough, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of Way* an4 the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider Mean*, further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

3 H Resolved,

310

i6° jfyrilis.

A. i< % 8.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, same time his Papers write fefofed, 'a SCal, which, in ail That a Duty be laid upon all Goals imported from Soot- Appearance, is the 'feme wherewith the fteid iriterceprtra land, or other Parts beyond Sea, sold by Weight of -Letter was foaled.

Measure.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty, upon such Coals imported and sold by Weight, be 5s. per Ton.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon such Coals imported and sold by Measure, be 7 s.6d. per Chaldron.

Then the Committee proceeded to hear the feld feoin-party:

And Major Le Keux, Deputy-Governor of the fold

Company, produced a List (marked B) ‘of the Namefe of the chief Weavere employed by the Luftring Cotn-pany, -and the Number of Lcrttas Under them, in the Yeare 1695, arid 1696; whereby it appears there were

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, 768 Looms at Work, those Years, in making Luftrings That a Duty of 3s. 4d.per Ton be laid upon all Coals and Aiamodes:

Chipped, or waterborne in order to be shipped; which That the said Lift was proved by James

are ufoally sold by Weight. who laid he drew the same from the Company's Books.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Mr. Darnel Rape said, That the Company now 'cin-That the said Duties he paid at the Place of landing the ploy but 40 or 50 Looms; the Reason whereof, and the said Coals. Decay of that Manufacture, did first arise, and Hill con-

The said Resolutions being severally read a Second tinues, from the Combination of many French Merchants, time, were, upon the Questton severally put thereupon, and others, from the running and smuggfing great Quan-agreed unto by the House. titles of Aiamodes and Luftrings into this Kingdom,

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members, from Lyons, and other Parts in France: That, if the who are to prepare the Bill for the Duty upon Coals, Company had not been discouraged by such Practices, he That they do prepare the fame, so as to include the does not at all doubt, but that they had brought their

Leave of Absence.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Seamens

Arrears.

Foreign Luf-triogs, and clandestine Trade.

Matter of the said Resolutions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ryder have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Otdered, That Sir Thomas Roberts have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir IVm. Morley have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York, be read the Third time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Petitions of the Officers and Seamen of the Ships taken as Prizes were referred, be taken into Confederation upon this Day Sevennight.

Sir Rowland Gwymi, according to Order, reported,

from the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the

Manufacture to such a Perfection and Increase, as to have employed treble the Looms they have ever fetat Work.

That the Company having a Letter, sent them from thi Lords Justices, whereby their LoCdflups were pleased to intimate to them What Practices they had detected, which had been let up to undermine and destroy their Manufacture; upon which the Company, among other their Endeavours to further such Discoveries, made several Searches about the Town, to find out French Silks, that had been so clandestinely brought in upon them: And, to that End,

Mr. Rape said, That in searching one Mrs. Mason'b House, wherein one Mr. Ravaitd lodged, whom the Company suspected, he found a Piece of French Alamode under his Bed; and, upon searching another Room in the said Masons House, he found, in a Closet there, a Bag of Seals to the Number of 1,3005 the which he produced to the Committee; and said, They were such Seals as are commonly affixed to Luftrings brought over from Lyons: Whereupon Rctvaudisfmee absconded:

That, on the 8th Day of January 1696, he searched the House of one Peter Montbrun; where, in a Closet, he found 47 Pieces of French Aiamodes, and 31 Pieces of Lace; and thereupon carried him before the Lord

Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was referred, Mayor, who directed both the Personj and his Letters, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the which were feizfed likewise, to be font to the Secretary Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read of State: Which was done accordingly, in his Place 5 and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Mr. Le Kevtx said, That, upon the ditninishing of Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; their Manufacture, in the Year 1696, their Stock in viz. Manufactures amounted to 30,000l.; their Raw Silk

Upon reading the Petition of the Luftring Company, amounted to 20,000l.; and, in June last, they had 4,000 Mr. Henry Raker, Solicitor to the Treasury, laid before Pieces of Aiamodes and Luftrings by them: the Committee, a French Passport, (marked A) signed That; for Proof of the Gohdness of their Manufacture, by the French King, and dated the 7th Day of July the said Company placed some of their oton Goods, by 1695, for John Brady, an Englishmen, Master of an Permission of the Government, to befeized as French: And, English Vessel, called the Providence, Burden 30 Tons, at the same time, there was also a real Seizure of French to come from England, in Ballast, into the Ports of Diep Luftrings and Aiamodes; and all the said Goods were and Calais; and there to load, only Silks irianufactured sold by Inch of Candle; and feme of the Company's in that Kingdom: He also had Liberty thereby to go Aiamodes fold for 7 9 per fell; and the French did

into the Ports of Holland, to load French Silks only; but not fell for above as appears by a Paper marked C: was not to touch at Dunkirk: Which Passport was inters And, as a second Experiment in this Matter, Sir Ro-cepted, befog inclosed in a Letter, signed G and B, bert Clayton^ a Member of this House, took 12 Pifece3

dated the 31st of January 1694; and direCbed for Mr* Nicholas Baudran, Banker at Paris.

He further said, That it being discovered, about April 1697, That G and B were Goudet and Two

Frenchmen, Merchants in London, the Duke of

of English Alattiodes and Luftrings, and to many of the French; and, mixing them together, chose Two iri-different Peffons, {killed therein, tb view* and prize the fame; and, upon the said View, the said Persons picked out the 12 English Pieces, and priced them at 9 arid

bury sent his Warrant, in June, for the Taking of Goudety 6d. per Ell more thin the French. his Books and Papers, Barrau bang then so Holland: That, upon the Prospect the World had of a Stop that

Which was done accordingly. might be pat to the smuggling, and running the Godds

That there is a Copy of the said Letter, wherein the from abroad; as aforesaid, the Company, upon a Sale oh Passport was inclosed, entered so Mr. Gowdetds Copy- Thursday the 3d of March last, found a considerable En-Book, of ... . (marked C), Folio 129: coatagement in their Sale, and have fold between 1 o and

And that Mr. Goudet also delivered to him, at the 1 i,oooo/. Vakie of their Goods, ait about 6s. per Ell;

25 but

bb W. ill.

|>ut rfever could ‘come up yviftnh po Writer of <the Price 'they (old ‘for at ffie Customjibufe. upon t^ie ‘few Counterfeit Seizure, when their ‘said Goods were taken to he French. > v _ .

Ana, to prove that the French Smugglers have their Alamodes and Lultrings brought in from Fc'ancq by Way of Holland, as well as from France, he produced Daniel Buudovin: Who attested, That fie lived with one Mr. De la Motte, at Rotterdam, about Two Yqurs, from 1690; where he observea vast Quantities of Afe-modes and Luftrings to brought from Lyons, by Way of Lisle find Antwerp, to the said De la 9 Ware-poiile; and he was employed to tal^e off the French Seals from the said Goods, and affix Dutch Seals upon

'them: _ . , , ....

That the said De la Motte haq not above 12 Looms; find, in the whole time he lived with him, hq did not fend above 3 or 400 Pieces of his own Goods for England; but lent above 25,000 Pieces of the said French Goods, with the Seals altered, as aforesaid; which said Goods were put oh board English arid Dutch Men of War, in great Boxes, each of which did contain about 10Q Pieces, and so brought them over, hithey:

That he was told, by Mr. De la Mott's Book-keeper* That the said Goods w ere consigned to several French Merchants here; viz. To Mr. Bai/dovih,

Goudet, Barailleau, and Long and that he had

feed several Letters not figried, but, as the Book-keeper told him, they came from those Gentlemen; wherein they owned the Receipt of their said Goods, froth timfe to time: And that Mr. De ta Motte was made rife of only as a factor, by the Merchants of Lyons, to receive the said Goods from France-, ancj, by, exchanging their Seals, to transmit them secretly for England, as aforfe-said:

That he had the greater Opportunity of knpwfng this Matter, not only as he was a Servant in conliarit Waiting, but was also Mr. De la s general Inspecto'r of all his said Looms.

Mr. Barry said, That the Manufacture of Luff rings hath been attempted in England, at several times, hear 40 Years; but mifearried till set up by this Company: That, if these Silks were not imported, he beljevfes there might be Ten times as many Looms employed; and the Persons employed by each Loom are, the Dyer, Ldom-inaker, Harness-maker, Reed-maker, Winder; Warper, Quill-hoy, Dresser, Weaver, Under-weaver, Entcrer, and Undertakers: ,

That he was on a jury, in Candlemas Term last was Two Years, when Mr. Seignoret was indicted upon a Seizure: That the Evidence was very full: John was Solicitor. ,t,

James Maugendre said, That he, was employed, for Two or Three Years, by De la Motte, of as

a Workman at die Lpom: That he came, 00 Maptile 25th, 1696, on board the Catherine, in the Maefe, froth Rotterdam, whereof one Nightingale w'as Matter; and, the same Night, there were great Quantities of Silks, fis he thinks, for they were made up, ljke Alampdes and Lu; firings, brought on board the said Ship, and removed, in the Night, on board the Helvoet, a Dutch Ship.

Captain Joseph Sanders said, That, on the 1 tth of November 1692, he sent a Boat from Margate to Calais', John Lethered went Matter about Eight Voyages between that time, and May 1694, and brought from i2 to 20 Packets each Return; only once he brought biff Seven; and generally 8 or 10 Pieces in a Packet: That he wu6 employed by one Rigden, who was his Partner; in, about \oo Packets; and font several Packets of Alamodes and Lace (as marked in Paper D) to Seignoret

and Company, John Du Ma Francis dore Haiiltaine, PeterDihearce, Boutandon, Mr. Hatton,

Peter Barailleau, and Peter Corey; ami several Packets and Parcels of Silks to Mr. Didicr, Mis. Mr.

Buckley, Mr. Singleton, Mr. Air. Mr.

Hart, Mr. Swething, Mr. Toms, and Mr. Ripper, as Vol. XII.

' -,i ...: .11 x- >

will more fully appear by the said Paper (marked L)); which h^ dqliyered in to, the Cdtnmittee:. »; ‘rings-

That he had Letter?, by the Hands bf Rigdert, 'from feme of t)fe laid Merch^gts. tnjthe said > Lift, flireQed to e* Bernard Gilbertx Mir. Rigault, and Mr. James Mayes, Merchants at Calais, for Luftrings, Alamodes, fend Lace: anij received them accordingly:

That he commonly sent his Vessels over id Ballast, but pnee sent over 10 Bags of Wool-, and,.beliig at Calais, from November 1690, to January following, he saw

many, of the French..Sloops 'go out as often to the Weather would permit; and they took Silks off bofird them: ,

He saw once Seven go in one D.ay, find Eleven at aA-olher time; and few above loo Bags of Wdol landed during the time h'e was there: .

That there w;ere about j 7 fingTe and double Sloops It Calais; Mr. Gilbert and Pigault were Owners, for the most, Part, of Nibe of them, as he was informed by

themselves: ,

.Tlifit he w'as paid 5 s. per Poudd Weight Freight for Silks, and 6 s. per Pound Weight for Lace; find that his Boat was entered, for Protection, fit Calais, Bulloigh, and Dunkirk: That he sent John IViuton once to Holland, find Anfony Jewell twdee to Rotterdam, in .1 (ipfi, and 169^:

That his.Boat being taken by the Chatham, and condemned, Pearce, and Corbuzier promised t6 reimburse his Charges; but have not. yet done it:

, That lie came from Holland, in September j 696; and Pearce Contrfi&ed with him, in October following, tdr 100 Guineas, to carry Passengers to France; whom he afterwards knew, to be Colonel Ingram, his Lady, and Niece, and her Woman, Mr -.Win.O Bryan, and Cardell Goodman; and they were landed at Calais

That he sent and employed John Brady to Holland, to fetch Silks thenefi; and that the Providence,

Qtto Van Acker Masser, did, in September 1696, bring about 28 Packets of Silks from Rotterdam, put on board by Barailledu, Didier, find others, as they owned to him, and landed them near Aldboroughin Suffolk:

That, in 1694, he received from Arthur Goodwin, 6f IVivcnhoo, in Essex, by the Hands of Thomas Child,

4 Packets of Silks, which he delivered to Peter Goretj, in Queen-street, by Guildhall:

, That he w fis intruded in the bridging ovfer abdve 160 Packets of Flanders Lace frbtn Holland:

That he had from 3 to 7 Guinefis far Freight and De livery of feme of those Packets:

That he delivered fevtiral Parfcels td Sir Htn. Fitmace; the last Pfifcel was about 3 or Years firtce.

He produced a Jlill of Lading, dated tlife 5th of August 1697, of di Parcels of Gdods, being 45 Pieces of Alamodes, 6 Pieces of Luftrings, 45 Pieces of Muflih,

600 Pdiihd Weight df Cocoa Nuts, 32 Necklaces, 70 Pdnnff of, Bdrax, set on board the Drbgoii, his Ship:

The Goods were conflgtied to Mr. Blackwood, in Edinburgh; bht Were to be delivered to Mrs. Mkfon, MK Toms, Corbouzier, and Ripper, and others: jhey were delivered Kira at Rbtterddm, and the Billflgned b Hdyes, oii Accdunt of the said IMerchants:

That, in September 1695, he, sent Brady to Dari, at the Request of Mts. Mdjbh and IVragg, for Lultrmgs and Silkf but their Corfefpdndehts there, hfiving feme Jealously of Brady, would not lade their Silks on board his Vessel. . " ,

Gabriel Tcrfia'urdin said, Tlidt Mr. Hoffman, a Merchant of Lyons, did, in JUnt 1694, offer him to Sale feme Alilinorles, which he Had in Calais and Holland ', but, he refilling to buy them',' Hoffman laid, lie (libuld be ruined, if he could not fell them: And told him further; That he was told in London, that, tdr loo, oooo Crowns, the Patent of the Lulti ing Company might be broke; and that he was Cure the Tbw rt of LyOits would most willingly give that Money,

Antonif Jewett said, That they brought, in the said

Dragon, the 2d of January last, 27 Parcels from Ostend,

delivered-

212

165 Aprilis. A. 1698.

foreigm delivered by JosephdEgremont, consigned all to George "JET- Furnace; *

y^!fTe That he went off to Calais, from between Dover and

Folkstone, in November last, and carried 9 Packs of Fleece Wool, and 3 small Parcels, which he delivered to Mr. Pigault at Calais: That he law Mr. make

up 200 Pieces of Luftrings at his own House; he entered them at the Custom-house, and put them on board a Deal Hooker, whereof one Kite was the English Master; there was also a French Master in the Hooker; and lhe was bound to Rye: That he, most Days, saw French ' Sloops coming in with Wool, and going out with Silks,

whilst he was at Calais.

Mr. John Ford said, That of the Goods seized by him, and now secured in his Majesty's Warehouse, Michael Billing ham claims the French Gloves, Fans, Lace, and Mullins: It is proved, That the Three First belong to one Bedford,a Papist; and the last to Sir Henry Furnace.

Reny Harris claims Packets of Lace, 46 Pieces of Cambrick, 13 Packets of Damalk, and 3 Packets of Diaper; which are all proved to belong to Geo. and were brought over by Jewell.

Anthony Didder claims the Borax and Cocoa, and Mr. Porter and Alston own 500 Pound Weight of Cocoa; the Borax belongs to Toms and Ripper; and Darnel De la Motte claims 45 Pieces of Muslin, of which 25 Pieces belong to Mrs. Mason, and 20 Pieces to one Burdett.

The Claims are made in lham Names, to put the Officer to great Charge and Trouble in condemning the Goods, and to prevent the further Penalties inflicted by Law.

Mr. John Thorp said, That he was employed, about May 1690, by Mr. BaraiUeau, to hire Boats to go to France: That, having a Boat ready, he received Orders, in Writing, from BaraiUeaby Letter, and by Notes inclosed from Goudett, Seignoret, , and Du Matre, to Pigault, Molten, and Hautville, Gilbert and James Hayes, of Calais, to deliver Luftrings, Alamodes, and Black Lace: He received the Goods, and delivered them all to BaraiUeau; but they severally paid him Money for bringing the same, and thanked him for his Care: That , the First Voyage he carried combed Wool, which he took in at Rumney Marsh: The Wopl belonged to James Durden, John Bount, and Daniel Devine, all of Canterbury: Robert Smith went the First Voyage, and brought Bills for the Wool, and the Silks before-mentioned:

There was 20 s. a Pack paid to the Boatman for carrying over the Wool, and 15$. a Pack for carrying the same from Canterbury to put it on board; and 5 s. for combed Wool being put on board out of the Madh:

That all Persons living the reabouts are generally employed in the Owling-Trade; that not one in a Hundred but what is concerned therein: And he has heard several of those who live in the Marsh say, That if a Gallows was set up every Quarter of a Mile, yet they would carry the Wool off: That he has lived in Canterbury these 20 Years, and hath observed the said Trade bath alw'ays been carried on:

That the late Prosecutions have lessened this Trade; and that there hath not been a Quarter so much carried off last Year as formerly:

That he continued the said Trade for about 3 Years and an Half; and after the First 7 or 8 Months, he commonly sent 2 or 3 Boats in a Week, and brought over from 50 to 100 Packets of Silks in a Week: He managed for Kent; and Mr. Garland for Sussex; and, when he came to any Loss, then more Silks were sent to Garland; and, if Garland had any Loss, then they were sent to him, the said Thorpe.

That there are 10 or 12 Pieces of Silk in a Packet: That he had at once by him 1.760 Pound Weight of Silks and Lace: That those Silks are worth about 4/. Sterling per Pound Weight; and about Pound Weight of Silk in each Piece:

That he generally went freighted with Wool, and re-

turned with Silks and Lace: That they commonly employed French Boats and Men, to prevent Discovery: That he believes 100 Packs of Wool at least were weekly sent to France from Rumney Marsh and Kent:

And gave in to the Committee a particular Account of Luftrings and Alamodes brought over in 1692 and 1693, which were put on board him by Messieurs Pigault, Gilbert, Molten, and Hautville, and James Hayes of Calais, consigned to the Direction of Peter BaraUleau or Dinah Mason; for Peter Gorey, Seignoret and Company, Middy, Du Matre, Goudet and Company, Gairault, Debilly, Messieurs Auriolls, Montbrun, Grubert, Wayem-burgh for Dihearce, Bedford, and Mrs. Parthon; and were delivered to Peter BaraiUeau, or Dinah Mason, at her House, as will more fully appear by the Paper marked E, which he gave in to the Committee; and said, That as much more at least had passed through his Hands, for the same Persons, in a few Years before:

That when the Place was appointed, to which the French Boats should come, then he used to give Notice to the People to get their Wool ready to bring down to the Boats.

Mr. Browne laid, That, in 1691, he was employed by Mr. Garland, of Lewis, in Sussex, to receive Silks and Lace; and ordered them to be delivered to Peter BaraiUeau, John DeSeyne, Peter IVyem-

bergh, Dihearce, Middy, Messieurs Auriolls,

Gorey, John Du Matre, Seignoret and Company, De-billy, Montbrun, Bedford, Goudet and Company, Grubert, Collins for Smith, Phillips, and John Guiguder; which he did accordingly.

Thomas Serjeant said, That he carried several Parcels for Mr. Broum; viz.

To Mrs. Mason and BaraiUeau, in Adam's Court, in Broad-street:

To John Defeyne, in Basinghall-street:

To Mr. Dulivier and Dihearfe, in Nicolas-lane:

To Mr. Middy, in Basmghall-street:

To Messieurs Auriolls, in Aldermanbury Church yard: To Mr. Pander, in Bucklersbury:

To Mr. Gorey, in Great Queen-street:

To Mr. Du'Matre, in Larcr

To Mr. Montbrun and Debilly, in Bush-lane:

To Mr. Goudett, in the Old jury: And To Mr. Grubert, in Szveethings-lane:

That he saw Black Silks in several of the said Packets. Samuel BlundeU said, That he was sent by young Ever-den, in 1694., to Mr. De la Motte, in Rotterdam, who delivered him 24 Packets; and De la Motte said, They were French Silks; with Orders to deliver them at Or-fordnesse, to Persons who would be ready to receive them: That they were delivered accordingly:

That he was sent by Everden, about 3 Months after, to one Verbergh, in Rotterdam; who delivered him, by the Hands of his Servants, 26 Packets, which he was directed to deliver at the same Place; and did so: The Vessel was called Thomas and Ellen; and he was ordered to London, where (he was sold by Everden to BaiUargcau, who made him again Master: Mr. Baillar-geau sent her again to Rotterdam, to observe the Orders of one Aslin; and flie was rebuilt by the said Aslin, who ordered her to fail in Ballast to Cork; but lhe was taken on the Back of the Goodziyn, and carried into Calais, where Mr. Aslin bought her, as he was told by;

w ho sent him over with 26 Packets of Silks, with Orders to land them 3 Miles Southward of Tinmouth:

That Mr. Gilbert ordered him to deliver the Goods to Persons who should set a w'hite Handkerchief upon a Stick; which Sign was made him, and he delivered the Goods accordingly: He was paid by the Month, by largeau: He went from Tinmouth again, by Order of Bailtcrgeau, to Rotterdam, whence ordered him

again to Cork; and he was taken again on the Goodwyn, carried again to Calais, bought by in a Fortnight, as Gilbert told him; who again put on board 26 Packets, which he delivered at the same Place, on the same Sign;

thence

ioW. III. i VApriKs. . *13

thence he came for London: paid for the last

Freight.

> Mr: Thomas Goodwin said, That Mrs. Poole and Mr* Dihoaroeprocured a counterfeit Seal, in Imitation of that alt the Custom-house, by the Means of one left; and that, in 1694, he law Mr. Dihearce and Mrs. Pool apply the said Seal to at least 50 Pieces of Luftrings and Alamodes, which Mrs.Poo/received of Mr. Dihearce; and, he believed, they sealed great Quantities of such Goods; for the has traded with him for the Value of several 1,000 /.; That the Custom-house Seal is lb well Counterfeited, that, upon a Tryal between Beoertm and Mrs. Podle, the Goods seized were discharged, upon Belief that it was the true Custom-house Seal:

That one FrancisBitell, a Servant to, and employed

by, the Luftring Company, in fealipg Luftring and Alamodes at the Custom-house, gave to Mrs. Pook many blank Indentures, to affix to the Seals to be put upon French Silks.

Mr. Till produced to the Committee, Two Pieces of French Silks, belonging to Mrs. Barbara Hutton, which he had seized; and had, affixed to them Indentures and Seals, which appeared to be counterfeit.

Peter Lauze said. That he had lived in Lyons above 30 Years, and dealt all the time in Luftrings: That there are 2,500 Master-Weavers, and about 4,000 Looms there for Alamodes; each Loom may make about 10 or 12 Pieces in a Year: That, when the Trade was open, he knew 7 or 8 Houses here, which received each about the Value of 100,000 Crowns: That Luftrings are only made at Lyons:

That Lyons does all they can to hinder the setting up the said Manufacture in other Places, particularly in England; and that they commonly fell Silks at under Rates to break those who make them elsewhere:

That Mr. Seignorett, whilst he lived at , about 15 Years ago, lent over a Dresser to drefe feme Alamodes, damaged in their Carriage to England; and that the Town of Lyons did keep Mr. Seignorett in Prison, till the said Dresser returned.

John Montaut spoke to the same EfieCfc, except as to Mr. Seignorett.

Mr. Montgeorge said, That he came over from Holland, about a Year and a Half before the late Resolution, with his Father, who was a Dresser of Silk; and that, al>out 7 Months after they had been here, his Father was sent for by Monfteur Barrilion, then the French Embaffactor here, who told his said Father, That both he and his Son should have good Employments in France, if they would return thither; to which End, his said Father being in Debt, the said Monfteur ordered him

75/. to clear the fame; which was paid him.here by Mr. Dulivier; and gave him a Bill for 75 more, payable at Rouen ih Normandy; which was also paid him; and gave him a Letter to Monfteur which he. delivered to him, but could get no Anftrpr thereto in Four -Months time; when he told him, That, as be had received the said Money in England, and at Rouen, he bad nothing more to fey to him: Upon which, despairing of any Employment, they intended to make their Way again to England; the which the Son performed, by the Difgthfe of an Italian; but Ins Father was taken at Diep, and

sent Prisoner to Cordubeck in Normandywhere he was kept about Six Weeks, and thence lent to the Citadel at Arras, where he now remains, or is dead; his laid San never being able to hear any thing of him ftnee.

William Whatton said, That, in 1690,91, and 92, he seized about 5 or 6,000 /. worth of Luftrings; 30 Packets at Braboum Lees, and »2 Packets at Folkestone Warren, of Alamodes and Lace, and 10 Packets at and

Underwood, his Partner, seized in Folkstone Warren 1,800l. worth of Silk.

Edward Anderson said, That, from 1690 to 95, he seized 330 Packs of Wool, and nbout 1,500l. worth of Silks; the Wool he seized in Kent, and the Silks in Canterbury and Lydd.

' ;Vql. XII.

John Brady laid. That he was employed by old Ever- Foreign Luf. dgn for about 1 o years, to bring Luftrings from Calais and Diep; and used to land them exArundell and xradt

That he went Six or Seven Voyages before the War, and brought over from 1 o to 20 Packets at a Voyage:

That Everden sent him, in May 1694, to Calais, in the Providence: He had no Pass, but was allured by Everden, that he should be safe when he came to France; and, to that End, he was to put out a Lantern at his Boltfprit; upon doing whereof a Boat came off to bring him in; and he was carried befor the Governor at Calais; and Bernard Gilbert, the said Everd sCorrespondent, produced to the said Governor a Tin Box and Parchment; upon reading whereof, he the said Brady was permitted to go about his Buftnels; and he then received, from him the said Gilbert, and Pigault, at Calais, 28 or 30 Packets of Silks; which he brought over for England, and landed them at Orfordnesse, and delivered diem to Francis Neave, the Lighthouse-man: That Everden paid the said Brady 7 /. 10 3. per Month:

That Everden sent him, in April before, into Holland, to DelaMotte, De Brasse, and Esselton; and they delivered 17 or 18 Packets to him j which he brought over, landed, and delivered them at Orfordnesse, as aforesaid:

That he went twice more that Year to Rotterdam, to the aforesaid Persons, and one Elbeuf; from whom he had 17 or 18 Packets each time; and which he brought over to Orfoi'd Port, and delivered them to one Cosins, and one Capes, who was a Servant to one Mr. Hooks there; which feid Hooks used femetimes to pay Brady his Wages for Everden:

That, in October 1696, he the said Brady, the said Cosins, and Capes, were employed by young Everden, to fetch 18 or 20 Packets from the lighthouse; the which they carried to MatthewScawlding's House, at where one Thomas Wright, and Roger Beard, received them on Horseback:

That he carried one Packet to a little House near to Mr. Hooks's Dwelling-house, and upon his Ground:

That he had a Letter sent him from young Everden, by the Name of Green, with a Paper of Directions what he should do, in case of his being taken by the French (which is marked G):

That he made one Voyage from Aldborough, in 1693, to Rotterdam, in the John and Matthew; and received from De la Motte 17 Packets of Silk; which he brought over, and delivered to one William Wade, at Sefewell, near Alborough, and 50 or 60 Bags of Coffee and Cocoa: The which Goods he lo received ft'om De la Motte, upon a Letter from young Everden.

Thomas Cosim, of Orford, said, That, about 1694, he and Thomas Copes, received, from on board John Brody's Ship, at Orford, about 18 Packets, made up like Silks; which he carried over the Marsh a Mile or Two in Capes'

Cart, wad then left them, with Capes to go forward with them; for which Service, it being in the Night-time, he was paid 10 s.:

That, in 1694, young Everden employed him, twice or thrice, to fetch such-like Goods from the Lighthouse near Orford; which he brought to a little Cottage on Mr. Hooks's Ground hired by Everden lor that Purpose

and to one ScawUxng's House; fer which Services Capes

or Everden always paid him:

That, about 18 Months since, he fetched Two Vessels, about as lag as an Anchor of Brandy, from the said Light-house, and put them into Mr. Hook's Stable} as also, about the same time, be and Brady carried about Eight Packets of Goods from the said Lighthouse to Blackstock, where they delivered them to ThoJVright, and one Rogen heart , {Everdens Man,) and Matth.:

That there are many Holes and Hiding-places contrived in and about the Lighthouses, fer secrethig Goods run thither, as aforesaid.

Thomas Capes owned the receiving and helping the said Cosins to carry off the said Goods from Brady's Ship, and from the said Lighthouse; and that, after they had

3 I conveyed

214

16" Apr ill. A. 1698.

Foreign Luf- conveyed them side to a little Shed in Mr. s

Ground, he conveyed them thfence to Blackstock; and Trad* me ' ^ere delivered them over to one and one

Peck, who was Everden's Man: That he has been employed 6 or 7 times by Everden to fetch such-like Goods off the Beach, in the Nighttime; and had or 5 Packets delivered to him out of the Lighthouse, by old for Everden.

Thomas Wright owned the receiving the said Goods from Capes; and that, when he had them, he carried them on Horses to a Heath between Ixor and Brand', and Beart, Everden's Man, rode with him: And, when

he came in Sight of several Persons coming towards them, Beart ordered him to unlade the Goods upon the Ground, and return back before the Persons came up; so that he could never tell who they were that carried the Goods further on: And was paid for such Carriage 20 for One Horse, and 40 s.for Two Horses Lading, about Thirty Miles: And has been employed Three or Four times in the like Service, by young Everden; and always had the Goods from the before-mentioned Place, and carried them to the said Heath, as aforesaid.

Mr. Abel Boroughs said, That, about Three Years since, Thomas Dewy brought to his House about 20 Packets and Bundles of Silk Lace, and other things, out of a Dutch Man of War; and that he used frequently to bring such things unto his House, for about Two Years before; and believes he brought, in that time, between Two and Three hundred Parcels; where he kept the same for him; after they were so brought from the Dutch Ships, till the Custom-house Boats were gone off from waiting; and then they were brought from his House, and put into Deny's Boats, and lb brought away for for

which he was paid Half a Crown a Parcel, for keeping them at his House, and then putting them into s Boats, as aforesaid; and was often paid by Barailleau, who was employed by and for Peter Gorey and John Dumatre:

That Mandre and Torojy, Tw'o Watermen, brought him Forty Packets of Silks, and Seven Boxes of Velvet, which they had again from him; and he was paid by Barailleau for keeping the m:

That Davy and his Man also brought to him Two Parcels of Raw Silks, one of 150 Pound Weight, and the other of 60 Pound Weight:

That, when the said Goods were so put alhore, and brought to his House, his Son and himself used to put them into Hogsheads, which they had, for that Purpose, let in the Ground in his Orchard, and about his House; and they, putting on the Lids of the Hogsheads, used to cover them with Earth:

That, about Six Years ago, he delivered Four or Five Packets of Luftrings to Mr. Barailleau; which he received from John Thorp at Canterbury:

That he delivered Eighteen or Twenty Packets to Dewey, since his falling out with Barailleau; and that Dewy told him, He would keep them till he was satisfied by Barailleau:

And that he himself compounded with the Officers for Fifty Pounds when he was taken; and lb stopt the Goods that were brought to him by Mandre and Dewy till he was paid that Money; but is Hill Seventeen Pounds out of Pocket:

That Gorey and Du Matre were the Merchants who employed Dewy for the Eighteen or Twenty Pieces or Packets he brought to his House; which was after he had fallen out with Barailleau.

Abel Burroughs, the Son, said, He used to help his Father in carrying the said Goods from the Water-lide to his House, and disposing of them when there, as aforesaid.

Mr. Sanfom, Secretary to the Commissioners of the Customs, by Mr. Earle, laid before the Committee, by their Order, Two Accounts of what Gold was seized, upon Exportation, belonging to Mr. Seignoretand of his Compositions with Mr. Ford (which are marked H.)

Mr. Le Keux laid before the Committee the Propofitls (marked I) sent them by the Duke of Shrewsbury, for settling a Correspondency in Piedmont, iu order to fend our Woollen Manufacture thither, to have Returns in Silk: To which End, about Two Years since, they sent one Paul le Bqfs to Genoa, with about fifteen hundred Pounds-worth of Woollen Manufacture, but could not dispose of the fame, where feme still remain unfeld, because the Duties on our Cloth in Piedmont are double what the French pay for their Cloths.

Mr. Grubert, a French Merchant, owned there was a Contribution made by the French Traders, to secure themselves in their Practices of running French Silks against the Company; and that he paid Twenty Guineas, as his Proportion thereto, to Mr. Lambert, a Goldfinith, in 1694; but, relinquishing the said Trade soon after, received his Money again, by Mr. Barrau's Order, from Mr. Lambert.

And the Committee, thinking fit thereupon to examine Mr. Lambert's Books, who kept Cash for several of the Merchants concerned in the Smuggling-Trade, did find therein considerable Sums paid to Everden, Pearje, Saunders, and both the Garlands; as will appear by the Paper marked K.

There was also an Account delivered in, by the Commissioners of the Customs, of the Persons who have been prosecuted and convicted, or compounded w'ith, for importing French Silks and Lace, since the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety; who are Mr. Francis Grubert, Mr. John Du Matre, Mr. John Gowdet, Mr. Bartholomew Middy, Mr. Peter Longueville, Mr. David Barrau, William Grocer, Mr. Abel Burroughs, Mr. Dickson, Charles Sherman, Mr. Egerton, Isaac Rickecy, Robert Norman, John and Isaac Auriol, Thomas Evans, Francis Holmes, Peter Barailleau, Peter

Gorey, Stephen Seignoret, Laurence Noakes, William Garland, Henry Tapsfeild, Richard Parker, John De Seyne, John Harrison, John Frankwell, Peter Collier, Mary Oliver, Thomas Crouch, John Warden, James Tally, Joseph Buckley, Thomas Dewy, John Mufcaret, Edward Singleton, John and James Porter, Thomas Gribk, and Edward Hafeioell; as appears by that Account (marked L.)

The Commissioners of the Customs did also deliver in to the Committee an Account of the Quantity and Customs of Alamodes and Luftrings imported and exported since the First of May 1694, (marked M); by which it appears, That there have been entered, at the Custom-house only, 1,199 Pieces, weighing 4,280 for which there was Custom paid, 2,6201. 15 6 of

which said Silks there have been exported 1,127 Pound Weight, for which the Drawback amounted to 647/. 16s. 9 d.; though it is manifest the French Merchants, and others, have dealt for very great Quantities of the said Sort of Silks.

That it did appear to the Committee, by several Letters, produced by Mr. Baker, which were intercepted by the Government, That Mr. Dihearce hath dealt with Persons in France for French Silks, and carried on the said Correspondence in iham Names, which he took to himself, and gave to his Correspondents; as will more fully appear by the said Letters, and Bills of Exchange, inclosed in the fame.

Then the Committee proceeded to the Examination of the Books and Papers seized in Mr. Goudet's Custody; whereby it appears, That there are in the Copy-Book, N° A, 472 Letters writ to several Persons in France and Holland, concerning the fraudulent Importation of French Alamodes and Luftrings, by Way of Holland, by French Privateers, from Calais, and by English Boats: And that there are also contained, in the Copy-Book C, 72 Letters, writ to the same Purpose: But the Committee, being desirous to give the House as little Trouble as may be, have made an Abstrqft of what hath been found most material in the said Books and Papers; which they have drawn up under several Heads; and is as followeth: ,

A REPORT

ioW. III. i6° Jprilis, 215

R«feeneei»o a REPORT of what hath been found most material in MeffieursGoudet, Barrau, and - Foreign Lof-

K® a,°and the' vilTs Books, Papers, and Letters, seized and delivered to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the

H°yal Luftring Company was referred; as will appear by their Copy-Book of Letters, N* A, beginning 1D# CoUeAion of the 20th Day of January 169^, and ending the 13th Day of January 1694-; and their Copy-book of tetten, marked Lexers, N* C, beginning the 9th Day of August 1695, and ending the 15th Day of May 1696; and the Answers to the Letters contained in the said Copy-Books, concerning the fraudulent Importation of French Alamodes and Lulirings, by Way of Holland, and from Calais into England; and by their. Cash-Book, beginning the 31st Day of August 1695, and ending the 28th Day of April 1697; and by their Ledger-Book, marked A, beginning the 17th Day of September 1695, and ending the 16th Day of March 169$.

HEADS proved by Letters to and from the Correspondents of Goudet and Company.

Ay A B ST RACT of what is moil material in the said Letters, relating to the several Heads.

1. To prove, That, by Garrances, is meant Alamodes; by Carts and Calefches, Boats; by Geneva and Bruges, the City of Lyons; by Ostend, Calais; and by O.ivn, London.

Martin Francon, Dan. Smith, John James White, are Goudet and Company.

2. To prove, That several Persons in England were in Combination to carry on the Smuggling-Trade; and particularly Mefiieurs Seignoret and Goudet, who were Committeemen of the Royal Luftring Company; and had taken an Oath to be faithful to the said Company, but have betrayed the fame.

i.

3. To prove a Correspondence between Persons iti England and Merchants in Lions, Calais, and Holland, for the

Vol. XII.

Vide Letters.

Letter lit.

From Mr. Philibert, N* 1, March 11,1695-

Letter 2d.

From Petrequin, Coll. 1 July 1 696. And

Letter 3d.

14th of June 1696.

Letter 4th.

From Bd. Guilbe A, N* 5, 3 Mar. 95-.

Letter 5.

To Bernard Gilbert, C, Fo. 5, 6 Sep. 1695.

Mr. Vignon, who gave Credit to 400 Looms, being

broke, you shall not have so much Garrances in

Jjondon.

Dated from no Place; indorsed by Goudet, as from 1 Lyons; and the Letter of the 14th June, dated 96, dated from Geneva.

Dated from Ostend; indorsed by Goudet, as from Calais.

‘ ‘ As to the Garrances that you have for us, the Calefch, that ought to be.sent to you, is gone into Holland, to take in her Ballast: From henceforth we shall sign our Letters Martin Fr ancon.

Letter 6.

From Micoud, A, N° 5,

15 Oct. 1693.

Letter 7.

From Petrequin, A, N° 8,

26 Sep. 93.

Letter 1.

From Melchior Philibert, A, N* 1, Mar. n, 9r-

Vide Letter 8.

To Fran. De Costa, C, Fo. 4, 3d Sept. 1695.

Letter 9.

To ditto De Costa, C, Fo. 45,

29 Oct. 95.

Letter 10.

To Bernard Guilbert, C, Fo. 22, 1 Oct. 1695.

Letter 11.

To Couvreur and Comp. C, F. 31, 8 Oct.1695.

Letter 12.

To Cusset, C, Fo. 79, 13 Decern. 1695.

Letter 34. (

And Fo. 29,. 8 Oct. 1695.

Very material.

Letter 13.

To Guilbert, C, Fo. 134, qFeb.\6g$.

One of my Letters hath been sent back, because they do not know Daniel Smith at your Post-OAice.

Direct to Darnel Smith; indorsed by Goudet, as from Lyons.

From Bruges to John James White, at Oxford; indorsed by Goudet, as from Lyons.

Mr. Seignoret and Goudet, have been most concerned in setting up the Trade of Silks; De Costa was Partner

of Seignoret.

:As for our Trade'in Alamodes, we deal for them in Company with Mr. Seignorett, and other Friends; therefore he shall give the Directions therein.

rWe have an Invoice of Goods of Mr. Couvreur and Hartner; by Mr. Seignorett and Company have loaden Silks for themselves upon the Ship Fortune We desire you would not lend any for us in the same Ship.

Whereupon we have writ to the said Mr. Guilbert, to fend us nothing in the same Calefch wherein he fends, to Mr. Seignoret and Baud 30 Pieces on your Account.

Mr. Guilbert having put 3 or Bales on board the Fortune, perhaps he may put more on board the Two other Calefches; and having Yesterday inquired what Goldsmith is, we will order him this Night to fend 20'Pieces at a time by him, because we have had a good Character of him: We will also inquire as to Everden, and will make use of him as we find him.

We conceal from all the World, except the Confederates, that we drive this Trade: Send the Bale FG, N* 2; and rather leave behind those directed to Seignoret, Baudouin, and Santini.

Letter 1*5.

To Tho. Herbert, C, Fo. 186, . 10 Apr. 1696.

Ldr 16.

To Bemar Guilbert, C, Fo. 187, ditto 96.

Vide The Letters and Answers; and from

Letter 17.

To Hubert and Son, A, Fo. 161, August 12, 92.

For the Alamodes of F. (or France); deliver them to Peter Barailleau, of Rotterdam.

Load Four Bales for Mr. Couvreur and Hartner; for Banuditty or Seignoret, as per Letter here above (C. Fo. 22, and Fo. 31.) will hazard little or nothing for those Friends.

We fee that you will agree with Mr. De la Motte for the Three Pieces loft; the 24 Pieces sent by Mistake to Messieurs Auriols . have delivered to us, and so Matters are set right.

HEADS

Foreign. Laf-tring», ahi$ clandestine Trade.

;its 16*

HEADS tirovdd by Letters te and from the Gosrrf-pondeats of Goudat and Company. Vide Letters.

" A. 1698.

Aii ABSTB-ACTof^luii

laden, relating to the feyerftl Heads.

i4

7rrr

-r-r-

Stnuggling Trade, and Importation of great Quantities of Alamodes and Luftrings, byWay of Holland, and direct-

ly from Frame.

Letter tS, and 19.

To Spoerin Cheze, Fa 163, 16 August 1692, and 225, if

6 Jan. 1694-.

Letters 20, 21, 22, and 23.

To John Peterman: To Mr.

Philibert, John Baptist Cosset, and Couvreur and Hartner; C, N* 104. The Four Letters of the 9 August 1695.

Letter 5.

To Bernard Guilbert, C, Ft*. \ 6 Sep. 95.

rWhen you fend us any Goods from Calais, pray, for the fbture, write upon the Cover of every Piece containing 65 Ells, that the Length is only 4$, and every Piece of 55 Ells, that the Length is only 40; for, if any Accident happen, they are valued according to the Marks set upon the Cover: By these means we may save much.

We writ to Mr. Philibert, That our Partnership would break up at the End of this Month: And now we acquaint you, That every new Society will write to tbpir Friends, in order to carry on their Trade as they fljflli think fit. Mr. Gimlet, and other Friends, have formed a Project: hath eroded the new Project, tq

the Purpose: We received the Copy of the Passport. In a new Project, new Persons ought to bp employed; therefore Brady is turned out, fyc. hath laid

the Foundation of the new Project, 8$c.

In the feme Cart you had Two Months ago, fend Four Packets for each Friend: Put not above 30 Pieces for Philibert, and 30 for Cosset, and nothing for Couvreur and Company; Sdgnoret will fend you Directions therein.

Letter 24. 1

To Mekh.Philibert, C, Fo. > We have received your Invoice of a Bale of Garrances.

*3, *3 Sep. 95- J

We told you, That the Cart Fortune is a Dane: Cou-treur, and Hartner have writ to our old Company, That they have. Garrances in your Hands; but, since you have.othere also to be disposed of as Mr. Seignoret, Pad others, shall direct; and that they have writ to you to fend about 30 Pieces in the said Cart; pray fend none for us of those Gentlemens Goods.

Send us at least Two Packets of Mr. Couvreur'& Goods, by the Step; aild do not fend any of our

Friends Goods to us, but as our Company shall (fired.

' We have received your Letter, and Invoice of one Bale you have lent us; whereupon we have writ to Mr. Guilhest, to fend jus nothing in the same Calefch wherein he fends, to Mr. Seignoret and , 30 Pieces

on your Account.

Letter a 2. r They acquaint him, That they order Mr. Guilbert, by

To John Baptist Cutset, C, J that Post, to fend them 20 Pieces at a time, by Gold*

Letter 10.

To Bernard Guilbert., C, Fa 22, 1 Oct»95.

pitto,

1695.

Letter 35.

C, Fo.67, 29

Letter 11.

To Couvreur and Hartner, C, Fo. 31. $ Oct. 95.

Fo. 79, 13 Dec. 1695.

Letter 26.

To Ditto, C, Fo. 144. 18 Feb. 1694.

Letter 27.

To Bernard Guilbert, C, Fo. 197, 21 Apr.96.

Letter 28.

From Petrequin, Coll. 14/on.

Letter 29.

From Cosset, Coll. 24 May.) 4 June 1696. '

Letter 30.

From Peterman, Coll. 5 July

1696-

[ /truth,

We have received Iby the Fortune, N* 1, and 3, and hourly expect N* 2: We have fold N* 3, at lod.

Send us the Bale belonging to Couvreur end Hartner, which consists of Five Packers, each containing Five Pieces: The Two Bales, N° 224, and 225, sent us on Philibert's Account, are come safe.

: I wonder at Brady's, and the other Vessel's Delay, which have Passports, and are bound to C. I have no Account, that my Five Bales are sent do not doubt but you have < received my Four first Bales, and that you have fold them: You must be more exact in writing to me, fmd fending me the net Proceed, if you will encourage me to deal with you. B. G. has lent you Three Carriages, whereof N" 1, and N* 2, have* delivered their Cargo upon the Coast; and I expect to beat, that you have received, from each of them. Three Bales, for my Account: There is more sent you by Goldsmith. I have sent you an Invoice of the Cafe, N# j, which contains Six Packets.

expect to have an Account, how you have disposed of miy Throe Bales, N* 22, 23, and 24y and the net Proceeds; and that you wifi fend so Mr. Guilbert for mjy Other Eight. Packets, which he has for you.

I ....

\ 1

..... *> V

HEADS

iow.in.

'ts.

HEADS proved by letters to and from the Cones-pondeats of Geudet and Company.

‘ii'f

Ak ABSTRACT of what is mofl mpteri^in thq frkt

Letters. relatmatg the ieten1 Hea4*», tring8*

' cludoMiMr

Trade.

Letter 31.

From Rickenes of Sandwich,

Coll, Fek 18, 1694.

4. To prove, That, by Order of Gand

others, the French Seals were taken off* from the French A lain odes, at Rotterdam, and Dutch Seals put in their Place, that the said French Ala-modea might be lent into' England, as if made

in Midland.

It was one Mr. Debt Matte, of Rotterdam,. that had the Direction of that Affair:

And Ferdinando Ra vaud, who is absconded, was the Manager between the Merchants of Lyons and those of London.

5. To prove. That Goudet, and others, have made uie o&Jo,

under the Name of John Jacob; of G, of

Everden, Brady, Garland, and others; to bring Alamodes into England.

Vide Letters.

Letter 32.

To Mr. Miooud, of Lyons, A, Fo. 182, 4 Qcto. 1692.

Having been employed by you, ibr the receiving and forwarding Silks and Lace; and an Information being brought against me, Mr. fiearfe does advise, to agree the Business; and it is compounded at an easy Rate: So that 1 desire, every Person concerned will contribute in proportion to reimburse my Charge. The Goods are, Five Packets for Goudet and Company; Six for Viret, alias Grubert; Four for; One for

Redoule, alias Tutet iTwo for Middy; and One for Boutandon.

rWe shall order Mr. Galacim, this Night, to deliver your Bale, N* 15, to Dan. De la and De la Motte

to take off all the Italian Writings and Stamps, and to affix Dutch Seeds in their place: If Galacini had been so able to affix th a Dutc Seals as De la Motte is, he would have saved the Charge of a Commission.

Letter 33. To Dan. De la Fa 84i 2i> Oct. 169,1.

Letter 34.

To Cutset, C, Fo. 29, 8 Oct. < 1695.

Letter 35-From Cussett, CoLL 1 Jan.

169

Letter 36.

To Melchior A,

Fo. 170, 6 Sty. 92.

Letter 37.

From Pigaxdt, A, N* % 3d Jan. 9f.

Letter 28-From Petrequin, C0U.14.Tm1.

Eettfer 30;

From Cussett, Colk 8 March

J We are willing to try how the fixing your Seals will succeed, allowing One per Cent, for it, and we will run the Hazard of the Goods; for the Charge of Insurance, at 1$ per CtnL is extravagant

It is not any one Houfo that fells the Geodsy but a* young Man, who, in case of Prosecutioa, kava this Country.

Ferdinand Raoaud hath writ to me about the Bufinefe I had with Mr. Martin Franconi

Letter 29. ditto,. Colk

24 May

6. To prove, That the said Goulet, had French Passports for English, Vefkk.

C, N*

From 1696.

Vide Letter 2-1.

To Melch. Philibert,

104, 9 August 169s.

Letter 4a To ditto, C, Fo. 28, 8 Oct'. 1695.

Letter 41,

TV> ditto, G, Fo. 36, 18 Oct.) 1695. '

We have received 20 Pieces by) Jacob, the 30th past: We acquainted you, that we had 10 Pieces by Jacob, of your Cafe, B. N* 24.

Garland intending to fail by the* first fair Wind, I have taken- the Packet, P H-, N* 12, out of Everden* Ship, and put it into Garland*8; there remains P H, N* 22, on board Everden.

> I'wonder at Brady's, and the other Vessels Delay, which have Passports, and are bound to C.

I wonder I have not heard fromiyou by this Poll, since feme Friends, who. are concerned, as well as myself, in Blundell's Ship, have Advice, that their Goods are not only delivered, but fold.

There are. Goods sent by Goldfmth, who is failedj and, without doubt, there are feme put on board him upon my Account.

Vo fc XH.

Letter 4a To Baudrm*C, Fo. 114,

L17 Jm94*

We have received the Copy of the Passport

We think the Security given for the Passport is very extraordinary; and fey, That they have flufted off Brady . from being Matter of their Ship.

We have writ to Mr. Battdran, at Pari*, to know bow set we are engaged by the Security he' has< given; and we are upon agreeing with a Pecfon, who-iB fit to make the Voyage. To the 449 i6vi which you have laid out, we have added 1 and f per Cent, which makes 456/. 10J4 We thank yon for your Caro in this Business.

N. B. It appears by Goadct's Cash-Book, Fo. 4, and: Ledger, Foi 103. That the Sum of 456/. for. was remitted to Mr Pon the r8th of Qc*-tbbcrt€g5, fora P&fsport.'

He is desired1 to procure a new Passport for K deuce: Mr. Philibert will pay yoa what you lay oat.

3 K

HEADS

A.ltf)*.,

2 l8

16* Aprilis.

HEADS proved by Letters to and from the Correspondents of Goudei and Company.

7. To prove, That Goudet and Company have prevented aTreaty of Commerce with the Duke of Saocy.

An ABST R ACT of What is most material in the said Letters, relating to the several Heads.y

Letter 44.

To Baudran, C, Fo. 129,

3i/<wi. 1694.

Letter 44.

To Philibert, C> Fo. 150,

21 Feb.,169$.

Letter 45.

To Baudran, C, Fo. 168, 13 March qi-

Letter 46.

To Camp and Ltdlin, C, Fo. 129, 31 Jan. 9^.

Letter 47.

To ditto, C, Fo. 137, Feb. 7,

94-

Letter 48.

To ditto, C, Fo. 177, 31 Mar. 1696.

Letter 49.

From ditto LuUin, C, Fo. 129,

Feb. 28, 169^.

Letter «>o. From ditto, C, 13 March 1691.

Fo. 137J

N.B. We writ to you the 17th, and desired you would solicit for a new Passport. We have received a Letter from Mp Philibert; wherein he desires us , to return you the Passport we had, in order to have it renewed; and you have it inclosed. This Letter was intercepted, with the Passport in it.

We have sent back the old Passport to Mr. Baudran, desiring to have it renewed; and pray write to him, to have it renewed, or to procure another. We are resolved to have a Dutch Mailer, who is more faithful, and less liable to be prosecuted.

"Pray renew your Endeavours to obtain what we dfelife of ! you j and speak to Mr. Samuel Bernard 1 for a Friend of ours, concerned in the feme Project, hath writ to him about it, that he may join with you in the more easy procuring of the Passport: The Captain's Name is William Otto Van Aker, who will have Two Men

L and a Boy, besides himself.

rWe do advise you, That the Weavers same was heard at the House of Lords, and their Petition was rejected, contrary to the Opinion of most People: They have yet Hopes from the House of Commons; to whom they now apply themselves: But our Opinion is, That they will be rejected there also; for we know the Lul-' tring Company hath more Creatures there, than in the House of Lords.

The Luftring Company doth again solicit for an Order, That my Lord Galway shall desire his Royal Highnefe of Savoy to exempt them from all Customs upon the Woollen Manufactures, which they shall fend into1 . Piedmont: You must engage some Favourite, by any means, to prevent it, if possible.

We are much obliged to you for the Account you gave us, of the Duties laid upon Goods brought into Piedmont; whereof the Company expected an Abatement: We always hoped they would not succeed therein; but it is fit to thwart them. sAs to the Design the Company had to obtain Privileges upon their importing English Cloth into Piedmont, it

has been laid.....long since; and my Lord Galway

applied himself to his Royal Highnefe for it: But be allured, they will never obtain any Abatement: That Prince knows his Interest too well; and this Project will fail.

Some time since my Lord Galway desired, of this Court, an Abatement of the Duties upon English Commodities; but the Ministers did not think fit to advise it. This very Day we imparted your Letters, as soon as they came, to Friend, who is a Favourite and Minister, and will prevent my Lord Galways obtaining what he desires in this Buuness.

Then the Committee proceeded to hear several in Defence of themselves; the Persons charged with corresponding with France, and importing French Luftrings, and Alamodes and Lace.

And Mr. Goudet, being asked, Whether a Copy-Book of Letters, marked A, then shewed him, and which was taken in his Custody, was his Book ? laid, in Answer, That, his Books having been Ten Months out of his Hands, he cannot remember whether it be his Book, un-lese he should examine it Article by Article, and Sum by Sum; and for that the feme have been in the Luftring Company's Hands, who are his Enemies, and have threatened his Ruin: He has Reason to believe they have been counterfeited, and so cannot own them:

And that he.should give the feme Answer to all the rest of the Books and Papers, then lying before the Committee, having been advised by Counsel; and did so, when they were produced to him; though seized in his Custody, with the Copy-Book of Letters aforesaid.

And being shewed the Letter of the 31st of Jamary 25 i

1694., signed G and B\ wherein the French King's Pass-port was inclosed, which seems to be sealed with a Seal, which he himself delivered to Mr. Baker, upon the seizing his Books and Papers; he said, That he does not remember he ever wrote such a Letter, or knows that the Seal is his; for that Seals may be counterfeited: That he used to seal his Letters with different Seals:

That he does not know the Passport, or remember any such thing:

That he knows De la Motte, but not Baudooin That

De la Motte is his Correspondent, to whom he fends over the Woollen Manufacture: and that he never wrote to him for any French Silks; and if he, at any time, received any Silks from him, he took them for Dutch Silks, and paid Custom for them here:

That he never made ufo of Thonor ever few him, till about Four Years ago, when he was brought to him by Barailleau, who desired him to lend Thorp 50/. which be did upon BaraiUeau' % Account; but is not repaid it:

.; That,

io W. III. 16° Aprilis. i 219

That, loon after, Thorp did inform against him, for . Messieurs said, That they never saw; Foreign Luf-

running of Silks; and he was persuaded, by Mr. Hilary , nor ever had any Silks from or from France; t7n^1s,stand

Reneu, and Mr. Firmin, to compound for 850 /. . nor do they remember they ever had any Goods from "*

That, for Quietnels. Sake, he paid the Officer 425 /. Brown: '

Mr. Firmin and Mr. Reneu promiiing to beg for him the t That, as to any Money they paid to Everden, it was

King's Part of the said Composition; but, instead off by Pill or Orders from Friends; they never had any Silks that, they exclaimed against him to the Secretary of State, from him:

and prevented his obtaining it: . That the Money paid to Barailleau was by Bills of

That he never received any Silks,. or other Goods, from Exchange; but knows not upon what Account any Mo-Thorp, directly or indirectly; nor gave him . any Letter, neywas paid Pearfe or Saunders: nor lent any to him: That the Money paid to John ,was for his

That he does not know Brown, nor Sergeant;nor ever buying a Place for them to set up a Still-house in, for had any Silks from either of them: . making Brandy 3 the which he not effecting, they had

That, as to the Money charged, in Mr. Lambert's their Money again: The Money paid to Ravaud was*

Books, to his Account, he faith. That he hath, as a Mer- upon Bills.

chant, paid Money for Goods bought here, qr upon Bills . Mrs. said, That Mr. Rape did search her

of Exchange: . House; and told her, That he took the Piece of Silk

That the Money paid to Mr. Pearfe might be lqft in from her Maid, which he now lays he found under his Hands by him: . j Ravaud'& Bed:

That, as to the Money paid Saunders, he knows nothing . That she owns the Seals so be found m a Room in herl of it; having never seen him but (ince the Sitting of the House, where none but herself and Daughter had lain for Committee: Three Years; but before that time, Merchants, and

That as to the Money paid Ravaud, it was upon Bills- others, }iad Lodged there:

of Exchange: That Saunders paid her 50 or 60 Guineas upon Ba-

That it is suggested against him. That he is an Enemy to railleau's Account; but: she never bad' any Silks: from Trade ingeneraf^and in particular to the Luftring Company: Hollqnd: Thatftie.knows nothing of the Goods said to

To which be said, He exports as much of our Woollen be consigned to Blackwood, of which

Manufactures as any Merchant.; and with Raw Silks, fays he brought over from Baraideaufor her: : which Ire imports in Return for the fame, he employed That Ihe never knew John Brady, nor ever directed the Weavers here to make Alampdes, and Luftrings; and, - Sctundo's to fend apy Boat: ....

in April last, kept 400 Looms at Work, and made better That Ihe never bad any Muflip from abroad; nor ever Goods than the Company: bought any but for her Wearing:

That the Luftring Trade is decayed, in Part, bepause That Ihe knows Thorp, but never bad any Silks from, other Silks are more worn than formerly. him, or from France.

Mr. Barrau, Mr. Goudett's Partner, laid, That he was Mr. Saunders confronted her; and laid, They have in Holland when the Books and Papers were seized, with been lately in Holland together; and that he received 14 the Seal, and knows nothing of them: That he knows Pieces-of Silk, and 25 Pieces of Muslin, from not the Seal, nor remembers that they used to seal with a which were packed up ip her Pretence, and brought them Seal marked G and B. over for her; but they were seized before they could be

Mr. Longueville, another Partner, laid, That he never, delivered to her. dealt in the Luftring Trade, but only in that of the Wpollen Mr. Montbrun said, That he was not concerned in the

Manufacture: 47 Pieces of Silk that Rape found in the House where he

That he was in Partnership with Goudet and Barrau lay; he only being a Lodger there: And that he never for the Whole; but believes that Goudet had some'par- dealt in any prohibited Goods:

ticular Commerce: That one Mrs. Carpenter was his Landlady; and that

That he knows nothing of the Money charged, to be the Silks were taken in another Lodger's Room, whom paid in Lambert's Books; but that he did pay his Share he did not know.

of the Composition-money to Thorp, upon the Informa- He knows neither Thorp, Brawn, nor Serjeant, nor ever tion against Mr. Goudet: received any Silks from them, or from Pigault, or any

That he is now parted from the Partnership; though other Merchants, either in Calais or France. they have not settled any Account, nor given each other Mr. Seignoret said, That he knows not what De la

any Discharge; but as Debts, that were standing out, are Molte has done concerning Luftrings and Alamodes, in

paid, they account for them to each other. Rotterdam, either in bringing them from France thither,

Mr. Buckley said, That he never received any French or altering the Seals; that he never gave him any Or-Silks from abroad: That he knows Captain Saunders, ders so to dobut that what Silks he at any time rebut never had or bought any Goods of him; but only, ceived were, as made in Holland; of which there is a that the Captain, about a Year and Half since, left a very considerable Manufacture in as well as

Piece of French Silk at his House, and desired him to Rotterdam

fell it for him; and he did so; and gave the Captain the That there are not above 800 Looms at Lyons, which

Money, being about 8/.; and had no other Dealings, with cannot make above 8,000 Pieces in a Year; so that it is him, only once was Bail for him upon a Quarrel. impossible Mr. De la.Motte should receive so great a

Mr. JVragg said, That Saunders' Testimony was false; Quantity, as is teltified by Baudovin, in two Years from

for that he never had any Dealings with him; nor ever thence; since, that all Europe are supplied from Lyons received any French Silks from abroad, directly or in- only, with those Sorts of Silks:

directly; but that, what Silks he had, he bought here in That he knows npt Saunders, nor ever law him till his Town, and mostly of the Company: That he does not Attendance upon the Committee, know Brady, nor did he ever fend him to Dart. Upon which Saunders confronted him; and said, That

Mr. Girault laid, That he never had any Silks from he had been with Mr. Seignoret at the Queen's Head Thorp or Barailleau, nor from France. . Tavern in Great Queen-street, iii 1694; where he owned

Mr. Haultain said, That he does not know Saunders, to him the Receipt of 7 Packets of Silks; some whereof nor ever had any thing to do with him; nor does he he told him, were wet in the Carriage; and, at the same know any thing of the Matter. time, gave him Orders for Four Packets more; which he

Whereupon, Mr. Saunders produced Letters from Per- brought over; and they were delivered him by Mr.

fons in Calais; whereby it did appear, That several Par- Rigden:

eels of the said Silks were consigned to Haultain, and That Mr. Seignoret went by the Name of Geo. Snath, others, and to be conveyed to them by him. and himself by the Name of Jackson.

You XU, Mr-

*40

16* Apttiis. A. 1698.

Foreign Luf-tringy, *arf clandestint Trade.

Mr. Sdgnoret feid, That tie does not know Thorpe; but has beard muoh of him $ that be came once to desire his AfiMfamee in helping him ont of feme Troubles be was in, but that be refuted to fee him, an4 ordered him to be told. That he wootd have nothing to do with him; and never received any Sifts from him:

That what Letters he hath sent to France he hath font by the Way of Amsterdam, and not by Calais.

Mr. Thorpe confronted him; and said, That when he was sent by BaraiUeau to Mr. Sdgnoret'?, House, Ba-

raUleau ordered him to ask. for Mr. Sdgnoret, frying, His own Name was Jacob:

That BaraUkau further told him, That the Orders he

fteuld receive, were upon Mr. Sdgnoret* Account: And that he did accordingly go to Mr. 's House;

and, aflnag for him, was carried up Stairs into a Count* ing-house; where he received his Orders from a Gentleman he did not know; nor can he fry, That Mr. Sdgnoret was privy to the Orders; but told

him, That the Person he had the Orders from was Mr. Sdgnoret* Partner; and that they were upon Mr. Stmn&etn Account.

Thorpe said further, That, in the Management of his Affairs with the Merchants, he went by foe Name of Jacob; and was known thereby amongst them:

That the Silks, and other Goods, when brought over, were usually delivered to Dewy, and from him to Mr. BaraiUeau; and by him, as he told him, to the respective Merchants.

Mr. Sdgnoret feid further, That he knows , he

having been an Evidence against him upon his Tryal; but he remembers nothing of his own fending any Gold abroad.

Mr. Baudouin, Mr. Sdgnorets Partner, said, That he deftred he might be included in Mr. Sdgnoret'a Defence, his same being the fame.

Mr. Santim find, That his Concern in Partnership with Mr. Sdgnoret was only ht Bills of Exchange, and lending Money to the Government

Mr. Du Matre said, That he knows not Saunders, nor ever had any Silks from him, or spoke to him, upon any Account of Trade, in his Life.

Mr. Saunders confronted him; and said, That he has several times sent him, by other Hands, French Sifts, Feathers, and a Quilt; the which he owned to him to have received.

Mr. Du Matre said, He knows; but.kqows

nothing, of any Matter be charges him with.

Mr. Thorpe confronted him; and said. That he has been often in his Company, and has had Money from him in his own House for bringing over Goods.

Mr. Du Matre fiud, That he knows not Broome, nor aver received any Silks from him.

Mr. Brawne confronted him; and said. That he bad delivered him Silks, to his own Hands; and has received Money from him for bringing the m.

Mr. Du Matre said, That Mr. Brown might fry what he pleased; but he remembers nothing of it: That he knows old Burroughs; but he denies employing Ba~ railleau to pay Money either to him or Deary; or that he ordered any Money to Joseph Saunders.

Mr. Grubert laid, That be does not know Captain Saunders, by any Dealings with him.

Mr.Saundcrsconfronted him; and said, That he hrought over several Packets of Silk for Mr. ,about Four

Years since.

Mr. Grubert fiud, That he has made Compositfons for what Silks be has received from abroad, and paid them, and never traded in the like Nature since: That he never had any Goods from Thorpe, but only compounded once upon mb Evidence against him; and denied his having ever received any Gbode from Mr. Brown.

Mr. Dibearce feid, That he never received any Silks, or other Goods, from Mr. Saunders, or by his Order; and never few Sounders before his Attendance upon the

Committee.

Mr. Saunders confronted1 Urn; mid Aid, That he had been in his Company several times; once with Mr. OaSU vier; and the last time was, at the Belt Tavern, in Nichohfs-lane, with Mr. Rigden, his Partner: And that Mr. Letherhed, Matter of the Vessel Mr. Saunders sent

to Calms, had, at Three times. Five Packets of Silks from Gilbert at Calais; which he brought over for Mr. Di-hearce, in 1693 and 1694:

That his said Partner Rigden gave him several Bills for Gilbert, at Calais, and told him, he had them from

Dihearce.

Mr.Dihearce further feid, That he does not krnnThorse, nor ever had any Silks from him, nor from Browne.

Mr. Brown, confronting him, said, That in *s

time, who was Partner with Dihearce, he delivered very great Quantities of Silk and Lace at their House; ana, since Mr Dulivierleft England, he hath delivered ieverat

Packets at Mr. Dihearce's House, for him, and in his Presence.

Mr.Dihearce said, That he might deliver Goods to Mr. Wayembergh, who lived in the same House, but not for him:

To which Mr. Browne laid, That his ... . Mr. Garland told him, That though Mr. Dulivier was gone, he had left Mr. Dihearce in his Place; and that he shoulti deliver what Goods he sent him to Mr. Dihearce; and he did deliver them accordingly: And Mr. Dihearce told him, That, if he would take care in his Matters, he would, prove as good to him as ever Dulivier was.

Thomas Serjeant said. That he carried a great many Packets to a House in Nicholas-lane, shewed to him, by Brown, to be Mr. Dihearce's House; but did not deliver

them to Mr. Dihearce'* Hands, only to Servants.

Mr. Dihearce further feid, That he knows nothing of procuring any counterfeit Seal, in Imitation of that of the Custom-house, for Mrs. Poole; That he has dealt with. Mrs. Poole for Silks, which he had from Dulivier, and others; but that he did not assist her in affixing any Seals to those Silks.

Mr. Goodwyn, confronting him, said, He could not

charge Mr. Dihearce with procuring such Seal; but that he did fee him assist Mrs. Poole, in affixing the Seals and Tickets to a great Quantity of Silks, which he had fold her; it was between May And Michaelmas 1694.

Mr. Dihearce feid. That Mr. 's Evidence-

ought not to be credited; he having been in his Debt, for which he compounded to Loft: And that he was now in Debt to the Company.

Mr. Goodwyn feid, That he was ruined' in Partnership with Mrs. Pool; but it was by reason a great Part of his Debtors were undone, upon the Defeat of the Duke of Monmouth; but that, upon parting with Mrs. Pool, he paid his Creditors 15 s.in the Pound:

That he did not come officiously, or for Malice, to be a Witness against Mr. Dihearce, but in Obedience to the Committee:

That Mrs. Pool told him, she had received Five Guineas from Mr. Dihearce, towards paying for the counterfeit Seal:

That he has often seen a Servant belonging to Mr. Harris, who was Packer to Mr. , and who used

to carry out his Silks, bring Parcels of Silks unsealed; under his Coat, by Night, to Mrs. Pool's Warehouse; where the Seals were put upon them: That he had this further Reason to believe they were Mr. Dihearce's Silks, for that he compared them with Mr. Dihearce'* Bills of Parcels, and they exactly agreed in Number, and Length: That he has seen Mr. Dihearce looking over the same Goods with Mrs. Poole, in her Warehouse.

Barth. Middy find, That he does not know Thorpe any other ways than by lending him Money, at Mr. Ba-raitteau's Request, about Five Years ago: Remembers not the having anyGoods from him, orany Dealings with him.

Mr. Thorpe, confronting him, feid. That he having *8o/. due from the said Mr. Middy, and other Merchants, for Carriage of Goods, he received from Mr. Middy 121 101. ta Money, at.a Coffee-frause: and of

Mr.

I'll

10 W. III. x6° Aprilis.

Mr. Goudet 50/. Mr. Grubert 25/. and of Mr. DuMa- Mr. said, That the 23* 4 Jac. 2, Foreign

tre 12/. 1 o s', by their Notes upon Mr. Lambert; and a Patent was granted to Peter de Chur, Paul Claude sky, 1 uftnngs^uid had the Money paid him at his Shop. and to have the foie Manufacture of ^eUir'*

Mr. Aliddy said. He does not remember he had any Luftrings and Alamodcs, for 14 Years, upon Condi-Silks from Brora/. tion that it was an Invention of their own; and that they

Mr. Brown, confronting him, said, That he has de* should breed up Apprentices (killed in making the said livered several Parcels of Silk and Lace, to his own Manufacture:

Hands, Come to his Brother, some to his Servants. That De Clour, being a Papist, went out of England

Thomas Serjeant said, That he delivered Silks Two upon the Resolution; and the other Patentees not per-or Three times, at Mr. Middy's House, in Basinghall* forming the said Conditions, he thinks the Patent is street. void: That Cloudesley and not knowing how

Mr. Debi/ly said, That he does not know Thorpe, nor to carry on their Work, desisted till 1692; when Mr.

Brown, nor ever dealt with them for any Silks. Gervaize let up die Manufacture, and divided the

Mr. Brorcn, confronting him, said, That he carried 60,000l. Stock into 2,400 Shares, at 25/. each: And Silks to his House, and delivered them to him, they the Committee of the said Company thereupon ordered, being directed to him, and Mr. Montbrun: And that That no Share should be fold under 30/. which they did Mr. Debilly gave him some Money for bringing the m. fell them for; and thereby got 12,000l. before they

Thomas Serjeant said, That he carried Silks, Three made any Silks, or had paid down any Money to make times, to a Woufe where Mr. Debilly lived. up the said Stock of 60,000l.: That he offered to come

Joshua Ripper said, That he never received any Silks into the Company, but was refused:

from Mr. Saunders, only one Remnant, which he bought That between 1688 and 1692, he and several others

of him in September last. did set up Looms; but the Company, not knowing how

Mr. Saunders, confronting him, said, Didier delivered to go on, employed Persons to speak to the French him Ten Pieces of Alamodcs for Mr. Ripper', and he Weavers, to leave off working for themselves, and to saw him write a Letter to him, at the same time that he work for the Company, at a certain Rate per £11; brought the Silks over; but they were seized coming up which the Weavers accepted, and did work for the Com* the Riverj and he delivered the Letter to Mr. Rippers pany, for some Years; but, when the Company had own Hands: bred up others, they put off the Weavers; whereupon

That Mr. Ripper has had other Pieces of Silks since, they set up again for themselves:

from on board a Packet-Boat at Harwich; and shewed That the Company did not know what Silk was fit for him Two or Three Pieces of them that were damaged their Work, till he, Mr. and Mr. Seignorct,

in bringing over; and which, he told him, wantedftiffen- came amongst them:

ing. That the Company seized the Weavers Goods, but

Mr. Ripper owned the Receipt of a Letter from Mr. would never come to a Tryal with them; and aiperled Saunders's Hands; but said, It was signed Van Gowde: the Merchants who employed the Weavers, with being

And that he never had any Letter from Mr. Didier, but Smugglers; for that, under the Colour of making Silks has corresponded with Van Gowde for 10 or 15 Months, here, they did import 100 Pieces for one so made by the Mr. Saunders said, That Van Gowde and Didie/' was Weavers; and thereby they got a Clause in an A fit of the same Person, he going by different Names; and par- Parliament in their Favour:

ticularly that of Van Gowde. He said further, That Mr. Hilary lodged, at

‘ Mr. Dihearce said, That he does not remember that the Charity-house in some French Ala-

he ever loft any of his Letters; and does not know, that modes, as he thinks; for they had the Stamps of Lyons any of the Letters shewed to him signed P. Dihearce are He lodged more at one Mr. Leeds', in Spittle-Jields; and his, or signed by him: at another Place there; directing the Persons, with whom

That he never went by the Name of Laffan, Kemp, he had lodged the fame, not to shew the said Silks to or Lewis Gruet; nor knows that he ever w rote to any any Person, but such as should bring the Counter-part of Person by the Names of Piafoni, or Gryola. such Tally as he left with them: And then lent Rape,

Mr. Goudet, desiring to be further heard in his Justi- and others, to see the said Goods; and got those Per-fication, said, That he and Company have, within Five fons, that went with Rape, to swear, That they had seen Years last pall, exported to the Value of 209,000l. of French Alamodes in To prove which, he

the English Woollen Manufactures into Piedmont, and produced

other Parts; so that it was his Interest to have the Duties George Fido: Who said, That, on the 5th of diminished which were laid on the said Manufactures in her, about three Years since, he saw, at the Pelican in Piedmont: the Artillery-lane, Three Pieces of narrow Alamodes,

That the Luftring Company desired the Diminution with French Seals: That he was shewed them on Pre-of those Dufies only for themselves, that they might in- tence he came to buy them; and they were brought to gross the Woollen Trade abroad, as they do the Luf- him upon Mr. Rape's producing a Piece of Stick to trings at home; therefore he did oppose their having a match another Part of it the Man had, that kept the Diminution particular to themselves: That the Company Silks; and that, upon his asking Mr. Rape, Why he did have not exported above 1,000l. worth of the Woollen not seize the said Silks? he told him, That a Fafilor be-Mamifafiture. longing to Lyons, not being able to get his Master to in-

lie did not produce any Witnesses, or other Evidence, crease his Wages, was resolved to betray him; and that, to prove the Quantity of the Woollen Manufacture ex- if he should seize that (mail Parcel, he should lose a better ported by himself and Company, nor that the Luftring Prize:

Company fought a particular Diminution to themselves. That, on the 9th of November the same Year, he saw Mr. Le Keu.r said, That the Government applied to Three Pieces more, at the Three Pigeons in Spittle jields; the Bank of England, to fend Cloth to Piedmont; but and, on the 20th of November, he law Six Pieces more, at they refused, and said, Thai the Luftring Company could a French Apothecary's, going with Rape on the Pretence better do it: Whereupon Proposals were font to the said of buying the m; and they were shewed him upon Rape's Company to do it: producing such Tally, as aforesaid; who told him, They

That there were not above Two Looms for Alamodes also belonged to the said Fafilor, who had betrayed his in England, before the Patentees set up the Manufacture; Master, as aforesaid:

for the carrying on whereof there was a Stock of 60,000l. That he does not know what Design Mr. Rape went raised by those who joined with the Patentees, and were upon, nor that Mr. Rape placed the Silks there; made a Body Politick by Charter: And that the Weavers but saw Mr. Reneu give Rape one of the said Pieces of consented to their said Charter. Sticks; and that Mr. Reneu desired him to take his Oath,

Vo uXII. 3L That

222

16° Apri

A\ 1698'.

Foreign That he saw such Silks in Spit tlc'jieldswhich lie acoord-^ft"nl.9,a,ld ingly did, before Sir Robert Clayton.

Trade*. *"* IsaacPouteraye said, That a Person, that he did not

know, brought iiiui Two Pieces of Alamodes to the Charity-house; and said, he came from Mr. Hilary Renai: And that Mr. Reneu, the Night before, told him, That such Silks would be brought to him; and Mr. Reneu came the next Day, and looked upon them:

That Mr. Reneu gave him a little Stick, and told him. He should shew the Silks only to such Persons as should bring another Piece of Stick, to tally with that: And that the same Person that brought them to him, fetched them away again.

Mr. Reneu laid. That he being informed, by Baudouin, That there were great Quantities of French Ala-modes brought to trapping, and lent thence, by Two' and Three Pieces in a Parcel, to be sold; that he, upon Inquiry, did find out one of the Persons intrusted to fell them; and, upon his Pretence of buying a considerable Quantity, appointed him to leave them at the several Places before-mentioned, under colour to buy them secretly; and when he had procured a Sight of them, by several Witnesses, he then acquainted the Commissioners of the Customs therewith; and, upon a Search made, upon the Oaths of such Witnesses, discovered, and seized, above Forty Pieces of French Alamodes.

Mr. Goudct further charged Mr. Renai with carrying on a pernicious Trade with , by fending Tin, and

other contraband Goods, thither:

To prove which, de delivered in to the Committee Four Letters, which, he said, were writ by Mr. Reneu; Three Certificates which, he said, he had from the Register of Guien; with a Bill of Parcels, and Invoice; all which, he said, were sent him from France, within this Month, by Peter Roquet, of Bordeaux.

Solomon Eymc laid, That, coming to Mr. Hilary Reneu, at his Brother Mr. Peter s House, where he then lodged, Mr. Hilary Reneu told him, That he had for loine time traded with France, by fending Powder, and Lead, and Tin thither: And that, if he would engage in that Trade with him, he would lend him 5,000l. to carry it on; allowing him Half the Profit that should be made, to himself

Mr. Reneu owned the Letters; and said, He never sent any Goods or Ships to during the War, but as

he was employed by the Government: And refers himself to Sir Richard Onslow, to explain that Matter:

And that, as to Fyme, he was a Man of no Fortune, and a Friend of Mr. Barraus; and with whom he never bad any Couversation, but that once he paid him for Ten Pieces of Cloth he had bought of his Master, Mr. Paris Slaughter; and therefore hopes every body will think it very improbable, that he should treat with him about any such Trade, or lend him 5,000l. to carry on the fame.

And Mr. Baker then produced a Letter, signed Isaac de la Crop, giving Directions how to fend Letters privately to Mr. Eymc, from Bru/fells.

Mr. Seignoret desired Kkewife to be further heard, in his own Defence: Said, That the Company are ungrateful in prosecuting him who hath done them great Service:

That he dealt in Alamodes and Luflrings, at Lyons; and came over for his Religion; and loves England so well, that he hath settled his Estate upon his Relations in France, conditionally, That they give Security to live in England:

That he hath lent for himself, and other Friends, from abroad, above 400,000 /. to the Government; and had, iu July last, publick Securities in his Hands for above 105,000l.

That, desiring to come into the Company, he bought 46 Shares, at 30/. each; and 336 Shares, at 25/. per Share: That, for the 336 SImres, he paid down the whole Money; but Mr. Gcrvaize, Mr. and Mr. Lauze, had each a Fourth Part in the feme:

That he procured Correl'pondents for the Company in 20

Turin; and gave them Credit for above 50,000 /. That he had procured them Money, lent them Money, and been bound for them, for small Profit:

That he lent them 22,000 /. in new Money, when it was very scarce, upon the Recoining t

That the main Bufinefe of the Company was done by him, when be was a Committee-man; the Company being ignorant in their own Bufinefe: If they had followed his Advice, they would have done better than they have done; but they were jealous of him:

That if he bad been a S he should not have advised the Company to have lowered the Price of their Goods:

That all Letters wrote by him, or from his House, to de la Motte, of Rotterdam, were always signed with their own Names: That he hath always paid the Customs for all the Goods he hath received:

That he exported, in 1695, The Value 20,000l. in the Woollen Manufacture; and hath exerted soma every Year, but not so much as in 1695:

That he hath now 174 Shares iathe Company; having fold the rest.

Mr. Reneu produced a Paper, signed by many eminent Citizens, and other Gentlemen, concerned in the Luftring Company; whereby they return him Thanks for his great Care and Industry in bringing the said Manufacture to Perfection.

He further said, That, in 1694, when Provision was made by Parliament for the fealiag all Luflrings and Alamodes, there were found 13 or 1,400 Pieces of the said Silks in Mr. Seignoret's Custody; which were not entered at the Custom-house:

That Mr. Seignoret hath been convicted for the smug-gling such Silks, and compounded for the feme:

That the Company paid Mr. Seignoret as much as any other Person would have given him, for whatever Bills of Exchange be supplied them with.

Mr. Gervaize and Mr. Noguier owned, That Mr. Seignoret had bought 336 Shares of the Company, at 25/. each Share, in Partnership with them, and paid the Money for them; but that only One-fourth Part of those Shares did belong to himself; the rest being made over to him, only as a Security for the Money he laid down for them; for which he was paid 6 /. per Cent.. Interest:

That Mr. Reneu offered the Money for the Whole, at the same time, at the same Interest, or would Jmvo. bought the Whole at 30/. per Share.

1 hat Mr. Le Keux feid. That the Company paid Mr. Seignoret for his Services, and Money lent them:

That he had paid Two per for Commission inter Italy, whereas others had but paid one per and that he hath had, in the Two Years 1694, and 1696, for Provision, 280/.; and did run no Hazard; having, not only the Company's Seal, but 500 Pieces of Silk, for his Security:

That he had One per Cent, for being bound for them, for Money: And that Sir Thomas Davall, to whom be was bound for the Company, bad double the Value of the-Money lent, in Goods, in his Hands, for his Security:

That other Persons would have supplied the Company with the Money, when he lent them 22,000 U for the same Profit: That they did not receive it in milted Money, as is affirmed by ^/Lx. bat by Credit-and Remittances, drawn abroad, and re-drawn; the Company being liable to the Loss by the Exchauge:

That the Company contracted with a Person in Piedmont, who dealt in the best Silks, to supply them; before, Mr. Seignoret came, into the Company:

And that they have paid to Mr. s Correspon-

dents 4$. or 5 s. per Pound for Silk more than to others; and yet could feU that Silk in Holland for no more, than that which coll thorn 4*. or 5 ,s lese.

Mr. Seignoret said, That he and the Company entered

2,000 Pieces of Alamodes and Luflrings at the Custom-house, in the Year 1692.

A Monfieqr

to W. III.

22$

(A

A Mons. Baudran.

Monsieur, A Londres, ce 31 Jan. t6p4*

Le 17 de ce mois nous efimes l'bonneur de vous ecrire, et de vous prier solliciter un nouveau passeport presente-ment: Nous avons la lettre de Mons. Melch. Philibert, qui nous marque de vous envoyer le dit pafleport, fin de le faire renouveller: Nous vous l'envoyons ci clos, fin que vous le faificz, etqu'en meme terns vous rendiez nulie la foumission que vous aviez laite: Ndtre ami de Hollande n aura pas manque, de mettre, au has de notre derniere, le nom du maitre Hollandois qui le doit monter, et par consequent remplir la place de John Brady; et en attendant de vous nouvelles nous vous offrons nos services, et vous affeurons, que sommes veritablement,

Monsieur,

Vos tr&s humbles,

tres obeiflants serviteurs,

G. and B.

Quand vous l'aurez ou obtenu, ou renouvelle, envoyer le S. V. P.

&Monf. Bern. Guilbert, k Cal.

Paris 56*, Lyons 56}, Amsterdam 30 s. 5, Venice 60, Gen. 3, Livome 634- a 4. Adressee, a Mons Nicolas Baudran, Banquier a Paris.

A Letter intercepted, with the French King's Passport

in it.

To Mr. Baudran.

Sir, , 31 Jan. 1694.

On the 17th lnstant we had the Honour of writing to yon, desiring you to solicit for a new Passport: We have now Mr. Melch. Philibert's Letter, by which we are directed to fend you the said Passport fa); here you have it inclosed for that Purpose, and that, at the same time, you may fee the Security you had given, discharged. Undoubtedly our Friend in Holland did not fail to put at the Foot of our Letter the Name of the Dutch Matter, who is to command the Ship, and consequently supply John Brady's Place. Thus expecting to hear from you, with the Tender of our Services, we remain sincerely,

Sir,

Your mott humble, and most obedient Servants,

Signed, G.vttdB.

When you have either obtained or renewed it, be pleased to fend it to Mr. Bern. Guiltibert, at Cal.

Paris 56f, Lyons 5 64, Amsterdam 30 s. 5, Venice 60, Genoa 3, Leghorn 634 to f. Subscribed, to Mr. Nicholas Banker in Paris.

(A).

Pafleport du Roy de France.

Depar le Roy.

A ndtre tres cher et bien aimC fils, Louis die Bourbon, cofnte de Toutouze, admiral de France, amt vice-admi-raUx, lieutenant gendraox de nos armeee navales, chefs d'efcadre, capitames de nos vaifleacux, et de ceux de nos fujtets armez en cours, capitaines, gafdecoftes, gouver-neUrs de nos titles et places marrtimes, waives, confute, et echevins d'icetles, lieutenants de l'amirautC, et tous autres nos offieiers et fbjets qu'H appartlendra, salut: Ayant permis a Jean Brady, commandant de vaisseau Anglois la Providenee, de trente tormeaux, devenir d'Angleterre a vuide dans nos ports de Calais et Dieppe, pour y prendre et charger des etoflfes de foye, des manufactures de ndtre royaume feulement; alter de lit en An-gleterre, et reveftir dans le dits ports do Dieppe et Calais, poor un et plufieors voyages, etant qu'il en pourra faife dans le temps et espace de fix mois, de la datte des presentes; avec la fttcultd de potrvoir toucher et entrer dabs les ports de Iloltande, pendant le coats des dks voyages; et fans pouvotr neantmomts toucher au port de

Vol. XII.

(a) SieOrig.

Dunkerque; ni eftre charge dautres merchandizes, ni Foreign d'aures choses, que de les vittuailles, agrez, apparaux, f,aAnng«,a«i et armement; ni prendre dans les dits ports que les dites cla»d«ftin* etotfes de foye, a peine de confiscation; et fera le dit present Trade* pafleport nul apres les dits fix mois: Nous voulons, et vous mandons, que vous ayez I laifier leurement et libre-ment palfer et repasser le dit vaisseau, fans l'arreter, ni don-ner aucun einpefebement; mais, au contraire, toute fa-veur, et assistance, en cas de besoin; car tel eft noire plai-fir. Donne a Versailles, le feptidmejour de Juillet, 1695*

Louis.

Et plus bas.

Par le Roy, Phelypeaux.

(A) The French King's Passport mentioned in the

Report.

By the King.

To our most dear and well beloved Son, Lewis Alexander de Bourbon, Count of Toufatife, Admiral of the Vice-Admirals, Lieutenants General of our naval Forces, Commanders of Squadrons, Captains of our Ships, our Privateers, Cruisers, Governors of our maritime Towns and Places, Mayors, Confute, and Sheriffs of the fame, Lieutenants of the Admiralty, and all others our Officers and Subjects, whom it may concern, greeting: Whereas we have permitted John , Commander of the English Ship the Pry of 30 Tons Burden, to come, in Ballast, from Eninto our Ports of Calais and Dieppe, there to take in and lade Silk Stuffs; manufactured in this our Kingdom onlythen to return to England, and from thence again into the find Porto of Calais and Dieppe, for one or more Voyages, and as many as lhe shall be able to make during the Time and Space of Six Months from the Date of these Presents; with Liberty and Power to touch at, and go into, the Ports of Holland, during the said Voyages; but-not to touch at the Port of Dunkirk', or Carry any other Goods or Things, besides his Victuals, Rigging, Tackle, and Arms; neither to lade in the said Ports any thing, fare the said SfiL Stuffs; upon Pain of Forfeiture: And this present PafT-port shall be void, and of no Effect, -after the said Time of Six Months: It is our Will and Command, That you let the said Ship securely and freely pass and repafe, without flopping her, or giving her any Lett- or Hindrance; but, on the contrary, favouring and assisting the fame, ifi case of Need; for such is our Pleasure. Given at Vet-failles, on the 7th Day of July 1695.

Signed Lottis.

And lowes.

By the King, Phelypeaux.

Paffeport de l'Admirall de France.

Louis Alexandre de Bourbon, comfe de Toulouse, dud d'Amville, commandeur des ordres du Roy, gouverdeur et lieutenant gdndral pour fa Majestd en fa province de Bri-tagpe, pair et admiral de France, salut: Scavoif falfons^ que veii par nous le passeport du Roy, de f'autfe docte, donn£ k Verfaitles, le feptidme1 jour du' present mote, figrie^ Louis, et plus bas, Le Roy, Phelypeaux; accofdd & Jean Brady, commandant, le Vaisseau Anglois, nohirad Id Provicferice, d nous addfeffd; nouS, en verfu du pouvoir & nous attribue, d cause de ndtre dite charge d'admirat, mandons aux vice-admiraux, fieutenians gendraux des armdes navales^ chefs d'efcadre, capitaineS deS vstifl'eaux, officiers de 1'ad-mirautes, et autres qu'il sppartiendra, de fattier libretti ent et feurement patter et repafl'er le dit ffracly aved son dit vaisseau, farts fuy donner, ni souffrir qu'ft lui foil salt oq donnd, aucun trouble ni empefehemenf quetconque; mais, au contraire, toute aide, taveur, et affiffance, en cds de‘ besoin: En fdmoin de quoy, nous aivons lignd ces presentes, et & icelfes salt appofer le l'ceact de nos arrnes, et contre-signer par le secretaire general de la marine, au camp de Potte, le huitieme jour de Juillef mil fix cens quatre vingt quinze.

L. A. de Bourbon.

Par Monfefgneur de Valincour.

The

214

i 6°Aprilis. 1698.

The French Admiral's Passport Lewis Alexander de B, Count of Duke

TYi4t. of Amville, Commander of the King's Orders, Governor and Lieutenant-General for his Majesty in the Province of Britany, Peer and Admiral of France, greeting:

Be it known unto all. That having perused the King's Passport, on the other Side, given at on the 7th

Day of this present Month, signed , and lower, by the King, Phelupeaux; granted to John Brady, Commander of the English Vessel, called the Providence, to us directed; we, by virtue of the Power to us given with our said Office of Admiral, do charge and command the Vice-Admirals, Lieutenants-General of the naval Forces, Commanders of Squadrons, Captains of Ships, Officers of the

Admiralty, and others whom it may concern, to let the said Brady, with his said Ship, freely and securcly pats and repass, without giving him any Trouble or Hindrance, or suffering him to be troubled or hindered, upon auy Account \vhatf»ever; but, on the contrary, to {hew him all Favour, Help, and Assistance, in cate of Need: In Witness whereof, we have theft* Presents signed, and caused the same to be lealed with our Coat of Anns, and countersigned hv the Secretary General of the Navy, at the Camp of Potte, outlie 8th of July 1695.

Signed, 1,. A. de Bourlon, And lower,

13y my L>rd,

De Valiucour.

(B.) A LIST of the Names of the chief Weavers employed by the Royal Luftring Company, and the Numbers of

Looms under them, in the Year 1096,

Names of the Weavers in London. Looms. Names of the Weavers in London. Looms. Names of the Weavers in London. CO £ J Namfrs of tb* Weavers in London, 3 0 3

James Augier - 4 Charles Margatts m 1 George Rombley 2 Thomas Sn inburt 1

Edward Andrews - 2 Richard Nicholson 8 Isaac Roger - - - 2 Francis Teftu - 18

Edward Abbott - 2 Edward Ouldis - m 1 Samuel Reed - 2 James Trend - 4

Stephen Adcock 1 Edward Creeck - - 3 Urbin Robinson - - 1 Peter Trend - - - 2

Claude Bellott James Collar - - - 2 Nicolas Ranfon - - 2 Steph. Touchar - - 2

Giles Bordyer - - 2 Jasper Clark - - - 3 Simon Roberts - - 1 John Trentingnan - 6

John Befi'on - - 1 William Cockall - - 1 John Dyer - - - 1 Peter Troubct - 1

Benjamin Booutfr - 2 Lewis Cam - - - 2 John Dugony - - 2 John Trolm&n - 1

Paul fialliot - 1 Isaac Chabanas - - 3 James Dubourg - - 2 Charles Touchar - 2

Abraham Coquett - 1 George Culvert - 2 Peter Doufon - - 1 Steph. Girod - - 2

John Beefley - - 2 John Cabanel - 12 John Daly - - - 3 John Hulavan - V

James Borain - - 3 Tho. Chandler - - 1 John Delplancke 9 Henflct Head - 3

Peter Brune - - 2 Roger Climion - - 3 Edward Dalbyking - 3 Epr. Howard - 2

John Brand - 6 Charles Chaufoyr - 17 Paul Dieulefiet - - 4 Peter Ilauduroy - 1

Daniel Baudovin - 18 Samuel Clarck - - 16 John Daufy - - - 1 llaac Iluffe - - 2

Nicolas Browne - 5 Simon Cuvelier - 2 James Dupre - - 2 Jonas Hanrott - 2

John Betfoomb 3 Isaac Coulctte - - 1 Frederick Denis - - 1 William Henlly - - 3

John Baterman 2 Ant. Clairbout - - 1 John Delacomb - - 0 Richard Harwood 1

Francis Boiroult - 4 John Chapelier - - 2 Peter t)efman - - 2 James Harrison - - 1

Thomas Burbidge - 2 Michael Couvelle - 2 Robert Exclby - - 2 Thomas Hult 1

Win. Bolton - - 1 Nicolas Cary - 1 James Ellum - - 1 Joseph Hicks - 1

Paul Bather - - 1 John Carpentier - - 3 George Fido - - 2 Jacob llap - - - 3

Richard Bavett - 2 William Cateler - - 1 James Foveault - - 1 Martin Hays - 3

John Beeton - - 2 Itaac Delfofle Abraham Faufier 3 Thomas Jeffries - - t

John Bara - - - 1; Francis Deane - - 6 John Fumelo - 4 Samuel Julian - 1

John Blewfee - - 3 James Dargent - - 17 Antony Fabrc - 3 William Knndall - 2

Daniel Benoit - - 1 Henry Delon - 4 John Fromftedt - - 1 Peter Keys - - 1

Nicolas Coutelle - 16 Samuel Ducrouy - 1 Charles Fromager - 1 Mattli. Leprovot 0

Alexander Cubhet 1 Ant. Delaftre - 1 Peter Gatout - - - 1 Peter Lelozier

John Cownor - - 12 Nicolas Defcodin - 2 Peter Gautier - - G Steph. Laforcft - 1

John Cornwell John Doulhiere - 1 Daniel Giles - - - 2 Peter Lagrand 1

George Langbrige 3 Baptiste Dupre - 1 Elia9 Grefulbe - 1 Nicolas Lefenbure - 3

Peter Ludigois 3 Lewis Da\ ehel - - 1 Charles Genings - - 4 Tho. Lccanu - - 2

John Lamon - - 1 John Debey - - 1 Thomas Jenkins - - 2 John Lott - - - . *2

Peter Lemoine 1 . ipian Dalbyac - 9 . William Greenwood - 1 Elias Lewis - - - i

Robert Andrews - 1 Peter Deframaux 1 Garet Garefon - - 3 Isaiah Lorrell - 1 /*

Jacob Aubry - - 3 John Duhoos - 8 Raphael Guilbert 1 William Lemay - - 6

Thomas Andrews - 1 j Simon Oliver - 2 Samuel Goulder - 2 Peter Lefauvage - - 1

Daniel Leduck 1 John Peney - - - 4 Daniel Goujon - - 1 Henry Leveffdy - 1

Peter Leguier - - 1 Daniel Persons - - 5 Leonard Grinonau - G James Letdier - - 2

Robert Melton 6 John Peter - - - 6 James Sauterel - - 3 Wm. Leniger - 5

Lewis Malfutbn - 3 Mich. Povein 1 James Souffe - 7 John Lovet - - - 1

Richard Mainard - 2; John Picard - - - 2 Moses Smith - 1 James Ledoux - 2

Tout Saint Mallerbe i j William Price - 3 Adam Seagrave - - 2 Joseph Vacber - - 2

Francis Martin 2 i 1 Isaac Pein - - - 1 Ezekiel Slater - - 3 Peter Udal - - - 1

John Monford - - 2 Henry Pett - - 5 . William Somes - - 2 Peter Valentine - 1

Stephen Melot 2! Peter Pinoll - - - 1 f lugh Shelton - - 3 Jabob Vivier - 2

Noe Marshall 2 William Probey - - 6 Nicolas Smart - - > James Vcnaticr - - 4

Mark Morau - - 3 Roger Pinter - 3 William Hook - - 2 John Vernier i

Itaac Martin - - 6 Tho. Panteling - - 2 Thomas Sanders 2 Abraham Velle l

Peter Martin - - 2 David Pouget 3 . Ant Sayoye - - - 2 Barent Vanderfael - 1

Peter Macon - 3 Francis Paty - - 4 George Saveli - - 3 Claude Vitoult 1

Thomas Maison - 3 James Giguer 2 Tho. Hurley - - - 2 William Wicks - - 6

John Marshall 2 Daniel Rape - - - 17 Edmund Shelton 1 Daniel Williams - - 1

Richard Marwell - 1 2 ' Andrew Rutland 4 c John Scarlate - - 2 Henry Williams - 2

10W. III.

\6* Aprilis.

*S

Names fof the Weavers , in London. § O O Names of the Weavers in Ipswich. . on Names of the Weavers 111 Ipswich. i - Nanjes of the Weavers ! in Ipswich. Looms.

Tho. W'itherill Peter Olovine - Daniel Guiraud _ 3 Lewis Pourier - 2

Thomas Waley - 2 Isaac Allain ' L Abraham Guiraud >; Peter Pillot 1

Henry Wigham - 1 Nicholas Archeville - i Lewis Gumin - - 1 John Quenes - 4

Thomas White - 2 James Bourdon c Noel Hauzell - - 2 Alexander Releguie - 1

John White - 1C Isaac Bouchet - 4 James Iiazell c> ! Joseph Sauvage 2

William WillmOt I Michael Bernard 1 Andr. Honeker - - Q John Scott - 3

Richard Ware J Michael Brunau r. James Longas - - 3 Peter Tiirtin 1

Edward Ward 1 Isaac Lebrement KJ John Lamille - J Abraham Verudron - 2

William Weitherede 2 Peter Catany - r 1 James Linet - 3

Abraham Cherigny - 2: Mark Mulero - - 3 In Ipswich - 98

In London - 670 Jolm Capon c ! Francis Maurin - 1

Sam. Cartigny - ! David Olanier - - 2 PaulLacaux, Inspector

Names of the Weavers Nicholas Cholett 1 Lewis Pelet - 4. for the Company of

in Ipswich. Gabriel Catany - 1 j Peter Picar - Ipswich.

Jolm Dufort - .4 1 James Plantier - - 0

Paul Alavoine - 1 < John Faverau - - j William Poupee - 1 In all - - 768

Foreign Lustrings, and clandestin* Trade.

Each Loom makes subsist Seven or Eight Persons, one with another, as it was formerly observed.

At that Rate 768 Looms can make subsist Six thousand Perl'ons and upwards.

(C) An Account of a Sale of French Silks by Inch of Candle, the 17th February, 1694.

On Monday, the 17th of February, 1691-, at Two of the Clock in the Afternoon, will be sold by the Candle, at the Custom-house, several Parcels of French Silks following; which are seized and condemned according to Law j and are to be leen in the King's Warehouse at the Custom-house, the 14th and 15th of this lnstant, from Two till Four in the Afternoon.

Lot 1; Quantity, 5 Pieces narrow Alamodes, at'5*. 2d. per Ell; to advance id. each Bidding.

Buyers.

John Mire, id.

id; Quantity,

William Vere, 6s. id.

John Ainge, 6 s. $d.

N" Ells.

4,828 621

8,099 65I

8,177 66^-

8,162 64*

I 8,092 64$

5 3ieccs narrow Al

8,253 62

8,098 62}

i 8,532 66

8,097 65I

.8,393 64F

5 3ieces of narrow

8,159 62

8,3 >5 65i

8,163 63t

8,091 64

8,452 6i*

Workmen.

James Plantier -Mark Mulero Jacob Aubry - -

Samuel Clark James Dargent -amodes, at 5$. id John Daboos William Wicks -Tho. Witherill -Richard N ichollon Abr. Verduron -

Weight, lb. oz. dr.

4 3 6 6

5

3

3

3

3

3

of

oi

Oi

o

0

Price of the Luftring Company.

)i % per Cent. Discount, 5 per Ell.

per Ell; to advance 1 d. each Bidding.

3

3

3

3

3

8

6

8

4

7

12

o

18

12

0

45. to

3d; Quantity, 5 Pieces of narrow Alamodes, at 5 s. id. per Ell; to advance 1 d.

Samuel Clark Daniel Albout -Samuel Clark James Dargent -Charles Chaufour

3

3

3

3

3

'3

12

10

10

o

12

o

0

8 6

5s. id.

4; Quantity, 5 Pieces narrow Alamodes, at 5 id. per Ell; to advance id.

Mungo Rodam, 6j. id.

8,126

7,773

>479

8.461

5.461

66

63!

63

6ui

64 k

Mark Mulero Jalper Clark John Monford -Nicolas Cholet -John White - -

3

3

3

3

3

Ui. lod.

5; Quantity, 5 Pieces of narrow Alamodes, at 5 id. per Ell; to advance id. each Bidding.

Heniy Gandy, 6s. id. (

6; Quantity, 5 Pieces narrow A

8,113

7,899-

8,426

8,040

5,38o

64*

6si

64 f 64* 61}

John Mire, 6s. 4d.

8,005

8,104

7,888

8,024

7,947

62

64*

64!

5't

64i

James Longat isaac Lebreman Lewis Fourier Jacob Vivier -Roger Painter

amodes,-at 5 s.id. per Ell; to advance id.

John Penny James Plantier -John Verduroil -Richard Nicholson William Henfley -

0 d.

7; Quantity, 4 Pieces broad Alamodes, at 6s. 2d.per Ell; to advance 1

Thomas Holmes, 3d.

7,'65 6l James Letelier - 4 7 0

7,207 62 Francis Teftu 4 7 12

'i,82h 60* Peter Troubet - 466

7,172 6l^r John White - - 470 4

6s. id.

Vol. XII.

3 M

8th;

1*

32 6

16° Apr

A. 1598.

Foreign Luf-trings, and claadeftiae Trade.

8th; Quantity,

Buyers.

William Vere, 7 8

5 Piece? of brow Alamodes, at 6s. 2d* per EU; to

N* Ells. 'Workmen. Weight, lb. oz. dr.

r 8,422 6.4 John Poupe - - 470

15,999 614 James Dargent - 4 80

(6,655 61* Francis Teftu - 4 7 0

7,695 6of Peter Trenell 440

L 8,412 61* John Boucher - 4 10 6

Price of the Luftring Company.

)6 s. o

9th; Quantity, 4 Pieces of broad Alamodes, at 6s. 2d. per EU; to advance 1

John Mire, 7 3d.

9»399

9.379

9.529

9.403

63}

63*

62

62$

John Conner Paul Dieufiet Peter Legrand -Jacob Aubry

.6

11

4

5

o

o

0

18

10; Quantity, 4 Pieces of broad Alamodes, at 6s. 2d. per E

5 s. 1

1: to advance 1 d.

John Medley, 7 9

11

John Mire, 7 3

7.482 7,616 8,972 7.069 Quantity, ,4 6,374 7,803

3,349 7,746

61*

604

624

61*

10

*3

14

11

18

6

o

o

16 s. 4

61#

624

624

2d. per EU; to advance 1 d. 4 14 2

Richard Maynard Mark Moreau -John Durand

Claude ....

*ieces broad Alamodes, at 6*

624- Francis Teftu

Mich. CoVelle -Peter Trobfltt James Trenell -These 11 Lots, containing 51 Pieces, are English Fabrick, wroug

Registers of the Luftring Company, and the Books of their Workmen, all agreeable to the Numbers, Contents, Weights, Quality, and Prices.

12; Quantity, 3 Pieces of broad Alamodes, at 5 4 per Ell; to advance id.

6s. 2d.

4918 4 9 ‘8 480

it by the Weavers above-named; according to the

5,974

976

2,588

334

388

273

65

62I

564

Pieces broad Alamodes, at 5s. 2d. per EU} to advance id.

John Ainge, 6s. id.

13; Quantity, 3

William Birks, 6 s.5 d.|

14; Quantity, 4 Pieces narrow Alamodes, at 4s. 4 per EU; to advance id.

58*

604

63

Geo. Wife, 5s. 2d.

61*

604.

614

604

15} Quantity, 4 Pieces narrow Alamodes; at 4$. 4 per EU.

John Ainge, 5 2d.

16} Quantity,

57

6i±

62 59

ieces and Remnants narrow Alamodes; at per EU; to advance 1 d.

John Mire, 4s. lod.

17; Quantity, John Tayler, 6s. 6d.

624

774- in Remnants.

56 544 554 ____ 58

*5606 and 6 Remnants of broad Alamodes, at 5s. per EU; to advance 1 d.

999 I 864 in 6 Remnants.

_ ,000 I 59

These Six Lots of Alamodes are Fr. Fabricks, and fold for a great deal less than the English; as appears, when 'tis not known they be English Fabrick.

Sold at the Custom-house, the 17th of February, 1694.

Lot

EUs. s. d. c s. d.

1 322f at 6 2 - - - - 97 1 24

2 3234 at 6 2 - - - 97 12 — 4

3 3*6t at 6 5 - - m - - 98 18 6-f

4 312* at 6 2 - m - - - 94 1 14

5 3*84 at 6 2 m - - m - 95 12 114

6 3064 at 6 4 m - - m - 94 14 5

7 «454 at 7 3 m m - m - 86 13 64

8 306* at 7 8 m m - - - 114 10 14

9 251* at 7 3 - - m - 88 18 74

10 2454 at 7 9 - - - m - 92 13 24

11 248* at 7 3 - - m - - 87 19 14

Deduct the Value of the said Goods according as they! g were sold at the Company's House - - -J

1,048 14 nf 3 —

Profit made upon the Sale at the Custom-house - - £. 236 11 114

(D) Air

to W. HI.

(D) An ACCOUN T o^Part of-AcitMarks and Number*, of Packets of French Afcraiodes, brought from Calais Foreign mf. into England',by Joseph Saunders'spireftion, from January 1692, to 1694; delivered to the Persons here truig»,.awi

under-named, or their Agents, and paftfcblarly to /^rt ^ferj, then Partnertothefeid Saunders; who delivered again most Part of the said' Alamodes to Mr. Didier, and for themselves, and the Merchants here r *" under-named, and others, viz. " - 1

To John Rigden.

Packets.

Jan. 1692 3. P. M. 147,148,& 149. ditto - - 1. M. A. 122.

ditto - - 2. B. C. 46, 47.

ditto - - i.I. B. 12.

ditto - - 2. M. A. 45, 46.

February - 1. M. A. 48.

ditto - - 1. D. B. V. 6

ditto - - , p m(,77. *78, i.i79» 180.

March 1. C. B. 4.

ditto - - 1. F. P. 85

ditto - - 1. L. M.3

ditto - - i.R. W. 2

ditto - - i.I. B. 2

ditto - - 1. P. M. 267

ditto - - 1. I. P. 12

ditto - - i.M. P. 1.

July 1693 i. A. A. 58

ditto - - 1. E. E. 3

ditto - - 1. L. M. 8

ditto - - 1. O.

ditto - - 1. I.B. 3.

ditto - - 2. F. D. 97, 98.

ditto - - 1. F. M. 8

ditto - -l.l. P. 15

ditto - - 1. M. P. 4 September 1. M. A. 130 ditto - - 1. A.D. 16 October - 1. A.D. 17. ditto - - 1. F. G. 79 ditto - -1. - -- li ditto - - 1. - - - 10 ditto - - 1. M. P. 6 January - 1. A. A. O. ditto - - i.O. 19 ditto - - 1. C. B. 220.

To Seignoret and Company, Packets.

Jan. 1692 1.A. C. 5 ditto - . - 1. A.. P. 5 February - 1. M. A. 68 ditto - - 2. B. C. 24, 25 March - i.P. M. 268 July 1693 1. x 284 x

October - -2. M. 292, 293 ditto - - 2. M. A. 262, 263

11 Packets.

To John Dumaftre. Jan. 1692 l.M. A. 113

Sept. 1693 1. ----- -1

October - 1. D. U. M. 6

ditto - - 3. ----- 3. 4. 6.

June 1694 1. - - - 9. January - 2. 1). M. 3.4.

9 Packets.

To Francis Grubert. March 1693- 1. S. B. 53. July 1693 1. A. A. 58 October - 1. A. K. O. ditto - - 1. - - - 6. January - 1. M. P, 28 ditto - - 1. O. 23.

June 1694 1. D. F. 23

7 Packets.

To Theodore Haultain. Oft. 1693 1. M. P. 7.

June 1694 l.T. H. 1.

2 Packets.

43 Packets.

To Dihearce. Packets.

October 1693 1. - -. O.

January - . i. X. 18. ditto - - 2. P. P. 43. doub. June 1694 1. M. A. 206.

5 Packets.

To Boautandon. Jan. 1692 r 1. A. B. 17. Sept. 1693 l.l. B. 4. ditto - - 1. F. D. 4.

ditto - - 1. P. P. 2. October - 1. I. B. 5. January r 1. I. B. 6. ditto - - i. F. 103. June 1694 i. I. B. 2

8 Packets.

To Mr. Hatton. Oft. 1693 - 1. I. E. 1.

January - 1. D. D. 10

June 1094- i.R. 24.

3 Packets. To Barailleau.

June 1694 - 3- 0. 1, 2, 3. To Goray.

June 1694 - 1. C. H. 4.

ditto - - 1. D. W. 206.

ditto - - 2. E. F. 17, 18

ditto - - 1. T. D. 1.

ditto - - 1. I. E. 0.

ditto — - 1. E. P. 7.

ditto - - i.G. 3

ditto - - 1. E. P. 8

ditto - - u G. 1

10 Packets.

In all 91 Packets.

Several Packets or Pieces of French Luftrings, and Alamodes, and Lace, were delivered to the several other Persons hereunder named; viz. Mr. Didier, Mrs. Mason, Mr Mr. Singleton, Mr. Corbuziere, Mr. IVragg, Mr. Hart, Mr. Swething, Mr. Toms, and Mr. Ripper. John Saunders.

(E.) An ACCOUNT of Alamode, Lultring, and Silk Lace, shipped at Calais in France, from the ioth of April 1692, to the 20th of October 1693, by Messieurs Pigault, Guilbert, Mollien and and James Hayes,

to the Direction of Peter Barailleau, alias Guitton, alias Morri.ce, or Diana Masson, Landlady of the said Barailleau,

foil several Merchants in London; viz. Peter Gbray, Seignoret, Baudouin and Santiny, Midy, DuMaistre, Goudet, Longueville and Barrau, Gayrault, De Billy, Mr. Auriolls, Grubert, JVayemberge for

Bedfort, Mrs. Parthon, &c.; which Goods were put aftiore claodeftinely in England, in the County of Kent, near Rwnney Marshes, in the Places called Old-Stairs, St. Margaret, the Warren, Brockman's-Bam, Rumney-Warren, and Herenbay and Reculver, in and about the Isle of Thanet, and delivered into the Hands of John Thorpe alias John Jacob, and Benjamin Hill, alias Oliver, alias LeNegre, to convey them in London', feme in and amongst Bags of Smallcoal, feme in Hogsheads of Copperas, feme brought by Express in a 'Place called Shoake, near Graocfend, and carried in Boats, by Tho. Dewy and Tho. Mandry, of Greenwich, to and the Whole was

brought and delivered to Peter Barailleau, or Diana Mason, at her. House; and, by Contraft between the said Barailleau and Thorpe, they were to share equally between them Two, Five Shillings and Six-pence for every Pound of Silk, that the Merchants above-named were agreed to pay them at the Delivery of their Goods, and Six Shillings for every Pound of Silk Lace.

Time of Shipping 169a.

to April 19 ditto q May ditto 18 ditto August -ditto 9 ditto -

Vo I. XII.

Names of the Commissioners France. at Calais in Number of Packets sent over.

By Bernard Guilbert Packets. 5

William Pigault - - 25

James Hays - - 3

William Pigault - - 22

ditto - - 29 '

ditto -, - 55

James Hays - - 7

William Pigault - - ' ‘ 4»

Time

428

Foreign Luf-tnng», nod claadelluM Trade.

Time of Shipping 1693.

9 August -16 ditto

5 September 7 ditto -

15 ditto -14 October -4 November 14 ditto -

6 December Without Date -

ditto -ditto -

Time of Shipping. 1692.

31 Jau.

1 February

24 ditto -

ditto -

10 March -

25 ditto -

26 ditto

5 April

10 ditto -

15 ditto -

ditto -

9 ditto -

10 May

6 June -

8 ditto -

ditto -

9 ditto -

9 Oft.

20 Oft.

16° jiprilis.

Names of the Commissioners at Calaie in France.

A. 1698.

By

James Hays William^igault ditto / ditto

ditto -Bernard Guilbert William Pigault -ditto; -

ditto -ditto

ditto -ditto

Name* of the Commissioners at Calais for the Merchants of London.__________

fiy

Bernard Guilbert William Pigault -Bernard Guilbert William Pigaufc -ditto

Bernard Guilbert

Mollien and Hautefeuille Wm. Pigault Bernard Guilbert William Pigault

Mollien and Hautefeuille

James Hays Wm. Pigault ditto Bernard Guilbert

Mollien and Hautefeuille

James Hays

Wm. Pigault

Mollien and Hautefeuille

Number of Packet* font over.

Packets.

4

40

5

10

15

18

22

22

6

43

33

24

439 Packets.

Number of Packets sent

oter.

Packets.

8

7

8

17 10

2

8

2

19

1 Dumaitre.

2 Viret

2 Seignoret. Goudet.

/for James White,

4 /alias Goudet, &c.

10

4

10

4

1 Dumatre. for Dan. Smith, alias Goudet.

1

3

11

6

141 Packets.

141 racscw.

/ *,r Piece is 60,600l. Sterling, as it appears

J _ b, CarteBnmntofever*

from the 15 th of September 1691, to the 12th ot. Garland, and Wm. Bay ley, of Lewis in Sussex.

spt 1691

a.

ovetnber

in.

litto -litto -litto -litto -pr. 1692

Pac.

5

2

3

6

3

2

2

<D

C

Pac.

1

5

1

1

1 gr

I M |1 so > T3 Jp c 3 m u £ s| £ 5 Mr. Mydy. MefTrs. Auriola. Media. Pancier, Mr. Goray.

1 n? i JL1 Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac,

u 1 2 — --

13 4 2 3 r -

5 - - 1 *-

10/. 5 1

10* - - —

2 1 — —

7 1 — ——

8 1 2 -

8 1 3 - - 1

4 - - 1 . - - 1

15 3 3 - - 5

10 5 1 . - - 1

4 - - 2 — _

4 ——

*5 2 2 MM

s

a

3

Q

o

Pac.

a I

.11

Pac.

*0

1 % S . t: a 0 M O

*d5 £ - £ JS

-a tf S 8 3 s* T.ti c p

Cfl £ S BO c 0 3 co

>* § B -O 0> IQ 1,3 to *3

c 1 1

a> A s 0 r* 3

Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac.

_ — — —

— — ' —

. — — —

— — — MM

— —

— — n;

_ — — — "r,_ i

tn a. a 3 & §i

3 S 3 O

2

s

Pac. Pac.

11 December

io w.iii

16* Aprilis

229

3 os JV a J via '> w *o L 24 3 2 '3 % c ‘3 0 §:j n a T3 3 - 0 3 3 £ gs L. JS V a 0 u ' c - 6

2 5 CO ' La £ V Oa v2 A) Q c a 0 J2 a "3 a Q-a La C* s £ S a 2 s < £ 41 S 9 flu £ O) a £ La O O u a a 9 Q a M A w fld t 9 C c of *SJ CSJ 1 D. Billy 1 Montbrui Mr. Bedfbrt 5 s, 13 O O s 0 '« S flu .§ *8 u s Mr. Phillipi unknown. John Guigui

Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac, Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac. Pac.

11 December - 8 3 6 3

27 January 9^ - - 18 6 17 3 - 2 ——

3 Feb. - - 4 - - 4 - - - - 2 - - 1 - - 1 ——

10 ditto - - - 5 - - 7 - - 1 1 — —

14 ditto - - - 6 m 5 - - 1

9 March - - - 6 - - 3 1 1 1 2 — -a —

21 ditto - - - 1 - - - - 1 1 _ --

28 ditto 1693 - - 2 3 1

16 May

18 Sept. - - 1 - - 2 1 1 1 1 — ..

40a - - - 2 7 4 2 2 --

2 November - - 4 - - 1 1 2 1 3 - - - 1 «. _ 2 2 - a

10 ditto - - - 5 2 3 2 . -1

24 ditto - 4 - - - 2 - - 2 - - - - . _ a. - 4 2 -

2 Decern. - m 1 1 2 1 1 - - 1 - - - a. - - 1 - . 0 4

12 January - - 1 2 3 - - 1 3 - - 2 " - - - - 2 1 2 —

87 10 1 ‘99 34 36 >3 10 11 6 3 5 6 15 9 6 l

Foreign Luf-trings, and clartdeftme Trade.

In all, 468 Packets and J-; besides a great many others, without Direction j which, at 10 Pieces Packet, makes 4,685 Pieces; after the Rate of 12 /. Sterling per Piece, amounts to the Sum of 56,220/.

Omitted to declare, That, amongst the Packets delivered to Auriol, Defeyne, and Goray,

&C. there Silk Uce. CL*. Brarn.

(C) Directions to John Bradwhat he should do, if taken by the French.

Mr. John Brady,

You must follow the Orders hereunder mentioned.

First of all, here is a Letter without Direction, which you must keep close, and never open it, until Messrs Molliem and Hautefeoille bid you.

In case you were taken by a you must

write unto Messrs. Molliem and to Calais

‘ but never do it, nor offer to do it, till you are sure to be in a French Sea Port Town.

But if you can pass safe, then you must deliver the above-mentioned Letter unto the same Man that you 'are to deliver your Goods to upon the Coast.

As you go by Helvoet-Sluys, you must inquire about

the Convoy for Hull and Newcastle; and then clear at Helvoet as ballasted; if not, take your time to go in the Evening, that you may do your Business the next Night after

(H) To the Honourable the Committee of the House of Commons, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company is referred.

The Return of John Sanfom, Secretary of the CustOms,

to an Order of the said Committee, of the 14th of this

Instant March, requiring him,

ift, To lay before the said Committee an Account of Mr. Seignoret's late Composition for any Goods or Merchandize of his seized for the King.

2dly, An Account of what Gold has been seized, upon the Account of Exportation, and how the same has been disposed of.

3dly, An -Account of what Quantities of Wool had been seized, upon Account of Exportation, ever since the Month of May 1691.

In Obedience to your said Order, I have made Inquiry, as well in the King's Ware-house, as amongst the Officers concerned in the Business of Seizure; and do not find any Composition made by the said Seignoret, for any Goods or Merchandize of his seized for the King; but I find, Yol. XII.

that about 12 Month since, or more, he made Composition, upon several personal Informations which were prosecuted against him, by Mr. Ford, the Searcher of Sussex, for FrenchAlamodes, and other prohibited Goods,

which were said to come to his Hands, and other personal Penalties-incurred thereby, to a considerable Value; of which Composition the said Ford is able to give an Account.

To the 2d; I do not find, That any Parcel of Gold has been seized, upon Account of Exportation, besides that Parcel belonging to Mr. Seignoret, of which I gave an Account at my last Attendance, except only a small Parcel of Silver and Gold, to the Value of 264/. which was lately seized in the Port of Lecerpoole, being shipped to be transported to Ireland.

To the 3d; I do herewith transtnit an Account of what Quantities of Wool have been seized, upon Account of Exportation, since the Month of May 1691; which Account is disposed into such a Method, as to Time, Place, Quantity, and Value, as may be most obvious to View: And I have chosen to transmit the same by the Hands of the proper Officer; viz. Mr. Earle, the Register of Seizures; who can best answer any Inquiry that may arise, upon perusing the said Account: And if you shall please to command my further Attendance, I shall yield due Obedience thereunto.

All which is humbly submitted to Custom-house, your Honours Consideration. London, 18th March 169-f. John Sanfom.

An Account of what Gold was seized, upon Exportation, belonging to Mr. Seignoret, 4th June 1696; seized by Thomas Walker. '

One Bag, qt. a Wedge of Gold, and 26 Pistoles, and 1,210 Guineas.

The Wedge and 26 Pistoles discharged the 30th of June 169G; his Majesty's Moiety being paid per Tally, dated the 23th; and the 1,210 Guineas paid into the Exchequer, as appears by Tally, dated the 23d of June 1696.

For the Warehouse-keeper.

Br.

3 N (I) Proposals

i$o

i6° Aprilis. A. 1698.

Foreign Luf-trings, and cUndestine Trade*

(I) Proposals transmitted to the Luftring Company, the 6th of June 1695, by my Lord Duke of bury, Secretary of State, lft, That as the King and Parliament have given all Encouragement to the Luftring Company, it may be expected, that the said Company will return some Service to the Govermept

2dly, That, at this Juncture, Experience shews, that the most effectual Way to distress France is to ruin their Trade. That the Duke of Savoy has not hitherto followed the Example of the Allies, in forbidding French Commodities, for want of Cloth, which he has a Necessity for and must be furnished from France, unless that could be supplied from England: If that could be made practicable, he would prohibit all Trade and Commerce with France.

3dly, That 'tis thought necessary, that a Commerce should be settled between England and Piedmont, that we should furnish them with the Goods and Manufactures of England, and receive from thepi in Exchange, Silk, Oil, Soap, and Pa pep.

4thly, That the Luftring Company, making Use of the Silk of Piedmont in their Manufacture, are moll proper to begin this Commerce; and, to that Purpose, shall receive all Encouragement and Assistance which the Government can give them.

5thly, Thpt my Lqrd Galway, gives an Account, that

there is a greater Trade for Silk between Lyons and Pied' wont, than there has been for some Years, which he desires to obstruct; and fays, His Royal Highness will do any thing that may tend to establish a mutual Commerce, and to encourage the English Merchants.

6thly, That both Seas being now opened, frequent Convoys going to the Streights, Lead, Tin, and other heavy Goods, may be sent to Final; and fine Cloth lent by Land, by Way of Germany, to Turin-, and that it would be requisite to make some Experiments how pur English Manufactures would go off in Piedmont.

7thly, That if the Luftring Company will examine this Matter, and give their Assistance to this Design of obstructing the French Trade, by establishing such a Commerce with Piedmont, the Government will give the Company all Encouragement here at home, and procure for them abroad all the Privileges tmd Advantages that can be obtained.

Geptlpmen, Whitehall, 6th 16957

My Lord Duke of Shrewsbury commands me to transmit to you the inclosed Paper. I am,

Gentlemen,

' Yopr most humble Servant Tp the Committee of the R.

Luftring Company.

[) An ACCOUNT of Monies paid by Mr. Lambert to Messieurs Mr. Mr. Pearje,

Mr. Saunders, Messieurs Garland, Mr. Ravaud, and for Customs; by Order of Messieurs Auriols, Mr. Du Maitre, Mr. Longueville mid Company, Mr. Barailleau, Messieurs Grubert, Mr. Barrau, and Mr. Seignoreti as appeared by Mr. Lambert's several Leigers, marked A, B, C, D, E.

Yean and Months.

Messieurs 4urioUs.

92. July 16 - -

Pec. 9 r

93. Jupe 1 -

July 18 -

94. Apr. 27 -May 26 -Jupe 8

92. July 1.8 -Sept. 12-Jan. 25 -

93. July 7 -

Dec. 8

94. Am. 7th -May 25 -Oft. 6.

92. July 4

Sept. 28 -Nov. 14 -92. May 21 -95. Oft. 24 -

92. Jan. 10 —

92. Oft. 25 -May 22 -

93. May 6

May 12 -Dec. 2 -

94. Apr. 27 -June 14 -Sept. 17 -

Piaid both Mr. Everdens.

12 12 — 43 11 — 17 10 — 16 3-

43 — —

30 ——

30 ——

192 16 —

Paid Mr. Barailleau. 29 14 —

- - 20 -T —

12 2 —

- - 17 16 —

- - 18 19 —

16 16 — 16 11 3

- - 30 — —

161 18 3

Paid Mr. Pearje.

- 100 4 9

- 150 ——

40 ——

50 ——

- - 100 ——

440 4 9

Paid Mr. J. Saunders. " 38 12 —

Paid both Garlands.

r 30 ——

30 ——

30 ——

20 ——

100 — —

20 ——

27 ——

- 17 9 8

283 9 8

Years and Months,

Messieurs Auriolls.

g$. July 16 -

July 29 August 8 -

Febr. 4 -

93. August 28 -

Jan. 8

95. August 1 -Sept. 7

Dec. 24 - -

96. May 2 -

92. August 3 - 7 Dec. 9

Febr. 9 -Febr. 23 -

93. May 27 - -April 27 -June 16 -

July 13 - -

92, August 33

Oft. 19

Jan. 27 -

93. August 21 - -

Pec. I«

Paid Mr. Ravaud,

- 150 ——

- - 200 — -r

- 175 ——

- - >5 9 —

— ----- - — 1

540 9 "

Paid Customs.

93 — —

- - 4? ——

20 ——

13 4 6

— 4ft —

t 45 >0 —

218 19 — -

Paid Mr. Barailleau.

- . 16 14 —

11 — — -18 10

- 45 10 —

- *5 — rr

116 4 —

Yeara

40 — -7-

73 — —

279 4 6

By Mr. Du Maitre Order. Paid Everdens.

21 -

22 4 —

50 ——

*3 5 —

20 ——

17 ——

92

9 w

Years Mo0th,

4-

I^pt. 2ft x^pt 30

XOV-29

vPr- 20 -

94? Afay 27

NpV. 1 o

Hoy. 27

t6° A'M.

Yw" "d Mo.Ua.

Ai?*

94. Novq "

Febr. 8

p6. No?. 7

97* August 7 -

405 13 g

Paid Mr. JoAw Saunders.

- 72 11 1

- 75 ——

2. Afar* 22

93. May 19 -

147 11 1

Paid both Garlands. - 15 4

11 6 9

26 10 9

94-

Mar- 13

Line 18 uguft 13 Jiguft *3

>ec- 18

Lpr. 2

imp*

Paid Mr. Ravaud. 80 —

*2^'

12

- Jurie ft »0

93' W*,;

O&ZfP- 95

STS -

&«'

Tt»*e % ,e$

9* 5-gS

9»

J0p‘ A

9*

f:

gk* f

23i

7-Saunders. 130 -i 1. 2o — __ 20 — f?re'gn Ln,. ‘7ngs. and clande(\ine Trade.

93- August 18

Nov. 14

Dec.

ditto

Decem. 22 Feb. 10 -

Mar. 15 -

Sept 1

290 13 2

94. Apr. 20 June 21 Sept 19 Nov. 19 Nov. 23 Nov. 2d

158 5 6

Mr. —

Decern. 9 Febr. 23 " May 26 Apr. 27

May 28 June 8 -

Sept-12 '

oa* »S

Mar-2° -

, N°v-3 '

92* Apr. 29

93* July 2° '

92.

A"g"f oft-i

tJov- 8

Pf 4 Febr‘io

APr; 93- >i»y,

W

\A

9* W, i°

fi*6

Gf^' *

iid

19°

,1®

6

>P

49^'"

,o

3"/<

pi

lit'

.d

py

Foreign Luf-tringi, and clandestine Trade.

S3

Years and Montis.

Messieurs Grubert. 94. June 14 -

August 21 -

Sept. J 7 -Nov. 10 -

Nov. 29 -

Febr. 9 -

May 14 -

92. Nov. 26 94. May 2

Paid both Mr. Everdens. - - . - 42 14 —

80 ——

4 ——

60 ——

15 ——

20 ——

9 l3 —

1 ejprilis.

Years and Months.

Messieurs Grubert.

94. June

\A. 1698.

Paid Customs,

77 5 10

Messieurs Gouda and Barrau. Paid Mr. Barailleau.

581 9 6

Paid Mr. Barailleau,

- 50 ——

- 225 ——

275 -

95-

October 22 ditto

92. Oft. T5 Oft. 31 Febr. 10 03. Mar. 21 Febr. 23

Paid Matter Pearfe. - 200 ——

- 241 5 —

- 150 ——

200 ——

- 32

823 5

93-

94-

Decern. 2 -Dec. 6 Febr. 23 -Febr. 24 -May 14

Paid both Garlands.

250 ——

12 ——

53 19 7 60 13 — 12 8-

389 9 7

96. Septem. 9 -

95. Nov. 29 -

Mar. 1 o -

96. August 21 -

Sept 4th -Oft. 12 -

- 38 ——

- 300 — —

338 ——

Paid Mr. Pearfe. - 45 ——

Paid Mr. John Saunders.

7 9

- 15 ——

- 40 ——

- 28 14 —

- 28 12 —

119 >5 —

95- Febr. 22 96. Sept. 9

Mr. Seignoret. 96. Mar. 9

Paid Mr.

21 ——

- 102 9 —

223 9

Paid Mr. Pearfe. - 30 ——

Mr. Du

Mr. LongueciUe and Company

Mr. Gouda and Barrau -' Mr. Seignoret

Have paid

Tft both Mr, Everdens. To Mr. Barailleau. To Mr. Pearfe. To Mr. Saunders. To both I Garlands. To Mr. Ravaud. To the Culioms.

192 16 8 218 19 — l6l 18 3 ll6 4 — 440 4 9 405 13 8 38 12 — 147 11 1 '283 9 8 26 10 9 540 9 — 80 279 4 6 830 7 —

J 338 13 1 229 2 6 115 9 — 362 10 — 290 13 2 - - - 158 5 6

t *1 457 2 — 581 9 6 275 1,769 10 — 823 5 — — 389 9 — 77 5 J

-} — 338 45 119 15 ——

... . - - 30 ——

d 1,789 — 3 1,120 4 9 3,629 2 5 668 8 1 990 2 7 743 18 — i,345 2 10

A LIST of such Persons who have been prosecuted and convicted, or compounded with, _ Silks and Laces, since the Year 1690.

Convicted for.

John Naiffi against Francis Grubert, for importing 600 lb. Weight of French Silks, and 100 lb. Weight of French Lace - -

The same against the fame, for the tame Quantity of Silk and Lace being conveyed to his Hands - -

The same against John Du Matre, for importing 500 lb. Weight Of French Silks, and 160 lb. Weight of French Lace - -

The same against the fame, for the same Quantity of Silks and Lace coming to his Hands -

The same against John Goudct, for importing 1,000 lb. Weight of Silk, and 25 lb. Weight of Lace - -

The same against the fame, for the same Quantity of Silk and Lace Coming to his Hands -

The same against Bartholomew Middy, for importing 500 lb. Weight of French Silks, and 100 lb. Weight of Lace -

The same against the fame, for the same Quantity of Silks and Lace coming to his Hands ——

The same against Peter Longueville, for importing 500 lb. Weight of French Silks ——

The same against David Barrau, for importing 500 lb. Weight of French Silks, and 20 lb. Weight of Lace _ . -

The same against the fame, for the same Quantity of Silk and Lace coming to his Hands -

John Warden against William Grover, for 149 Pieces of French Silks coming to his Hands - - - - -- 1,192-

Edward Anderson against Abel Boroughs, for French Silks coming to his Hands ——

for importing French

Compounded for.

200 — - — paid.

400 ----- ----- paid.

125 — — paid,

125 ----- -paid.

80 — — paid, go — — paid. 125-7 — paid.

125 ----- --- paid.

124 ----- --- paid.

66 ----- --- paid.

66 ----- --- paid.

450 -

651 16 7 paid.

rHe is poor,

I and made 20 — mmmrnd DiscoVeriCS I for the King't L Service.

iow.m.

i 6° Apritis.

Charles Sherman, prosecuted in the Nameof Mr. Attorney-General,1 against William Amis, for French Silks coming to his Hands - -J

380

'!} -

ks|

i-'

k:}-

Edward Anderson against Wm. Egerton, for 225 lb. Weight of French Silk coming to his Hands - -

The same against Isaac Rickelies, for 350 lb. Weight of French Silks! coming into his Hands ----- -- -J

Edward Andeifon against Robert Norman, for 223 lb. Weight of French Silks coming to his Hands -

John Nailh against John and Isaac Aurioll, for importing 250 lb.

Weight of French Silks, and 50 lb. Weight of Lace

The same against the fame, for the same Quantity of Silks and Lace! coming to their Hands - - - -/

John Couchman against Tho. Evans, for tSae Penalty of 500 /.! for importing French Silk - -J

The same against Francis Holmes, for 300 lb. Weight of French!

Silk, and 400 lb. Weight of French Lace coming to his Hands -J John Ford, in the Name of the Attorney-General, against Peter

Barrailleau, for French Silks coming to his Hands -

Joseph Beverton against Jof. Saunders, for the same Offence John Ford, in the Name of the Attorney-General, against Peter

Goray, for the same Offence - - - - -J

Mr. Ford, in the Name of the Attorney-General, against Stephi n\

Seignoret. for French Silks coming to his Hands - - -J

John Nuifli against the fame, for the Penalty for 300l. for importing!

French Silks and Lace - - - - -J "

The same against the fame, for a Parcel of French Silks coming to! his Hands

The same against Lawrence Noakes, for the Penalty of 500 /. for! importing a Parcel of French Silks - - - -J -

The same against William Garland, for the same Offence - -

The same against Henry Tapsfield, for the same Offence -

John Goldham against Richard Parker, for the Penalty of 500l. for! importing a Parcel of foreign Silks -J

The same against the fame, for the same ——

John Ford against John Defeine, for French Silks coming to his Hands 1,4°° ——

John Nailh against John Harrison, for the Penalty of 500l. for im,

300 —

porting a Parcel of French Silks

-J

The same against John Frankwell, for the same Offence The same against Peter Collier, for the same Offence - -

The same against Mary Oliver, for the same Offence - -

The same against Tho. Crouch, for the same Offence - -

The same against John Warden, for the same Offence -

The same against James Tully, for the Penalty of 300l. for convey-! ing 200 lb. Weight of French Silks, and 20 lb. Weight of Lace - -/

Joshua Simpson against Joseph Buckley, for French Silks coming^ to his Hands - -j

John Nailh against Tho. Dewey, for French Silks coming to his Hands 600 ——

John Ford against John Mafcaret, for the Penalty of 5601, for ini-! porting a Parcel of French Silks - - - -J "

Joseph Beverton against Edward Singleton, for the same Offence -

The same against John Porter, for French Silks coming to his Hands

240 ——

The same against James Porter, for the same -

233

Convicted for.

Charles Sherman against Dickson, for French Silks coming to his!

Hands- - - -.....-J ;2 ‘

Compounded for.

- run away.

90 ----- -C

20 ——

60 ——

60 ——

i.

Gave Dlfco-veries to the Commissioners: So they Compounded ^with him.

paid.

ptud.

run away.

Foreign Lof* thugs, and clairJeftine Trade.

250 ----- ----- Non. pro/.

100 —

40 — —

2,100 ——

220 ——

,50 ——

paid.

paid.

paid.

fProcefs out \againlthim.

paid.

150 ——

150 ——

50 ——

50 ——

50 ——

20 — — paid.

paid.

paid.

20 ——

10

paid, in Gaol.

— — Non prof.

40 —

40 —

50 ----- ---) Non prof.

35 —

50 —

25 ——

15 ——

too ——

40 -

140 ——

210 ——

140 ——

204 ——

rProcels

leone.

/-Verypoor, and J this Sum paid Lpcr Friend*.

paid

{Process gone, in Prison. fProcefc Igone. fProcefc Igone. paid.

13 6 8 paid.

The same against Thomas Greeble, for the same Offence Edward Martin against Edward Hazwell, a Devenerunt, for a Parcel!

of Silk .....;

To the Honourable the Committee, to whom the Petition Which Account is distinguished into Pieces and Pounds of the Royal Luftring Company is referred. Weight, together with an Account of the Customs re-

The Return of the Commissioners of his Majesty's ceived and drawn back for the fame: And they crave Customs to an Order of the said Committee, requir- Leave to acquaint the said Committee, That until a paring them to lay before the said Committee an Ac- ticular Duty was laid upon the said Commodity, in March

count of what Duties have been paid for Lultrings anil Alamodes imported into this Kingdom, for Seven Years lait palt; as also of the Drawback upon the said Silks, for the same time.

The said Commissioners, in Obedience to the said Order, herewith lay before the said Committee an Account of all the said Commodities imported and exported, from the ift of March lbqf, at which Time a distinct Duty was laid upon the said Goods, until Lady-day 1697: Vol. XII.

169-!-, the said Goods were always entered promifcuoully with other wrought Silks, and not distinguished by Name; which is the Reason they cannot go further backward iq making up the said Account.

Godolphin.

Custom-house, Walter,

London, 6th of April Sam. Clarke,

1698. Benj. Overton,

Robert Henley. 3O AN

laid

f|4 16° A. 1698.

Foriei^nXuf- An A C(50tTNT of the Quantity and Customs of Alamodes and Luftrings imported and exported since the Com-elaiSetoA mencement of the Act, of the 40 eg 5* W. 8g M: that lay? an additional irnpofton several Good? and Merchan-

Trg^t, dizes imported after the First of March 1694'; by which Act, amongst other things, a distinct Imposition* is

upon Alamodes and Luftrings.

Imported.

Frofiflthe First of March i6pf to Lady-day 1694.

----- - 'Vo Lady-day 1695.

- To Lady-day ibyo.

----- - To Lady-day 1697.

Since which time none have been imported.

-Exported.

From the First of March 1691. to Lady-day 1694. ----- - To Lady-day 1695.

- - - - T o Lady-day 1696.

- . - - - To 1697.

Pieces. Weight. 98 qt. 371* - 433 qt 1,501 - - - - 230 qt 817 - - - 44$ qt 1,591 Custom. f. a. d. 226 5 10 921 14 if 501 17 970 18 1

1,199 qt 4,280-j- 2,620 15 6

Pounds Wt. Drawnback

S % fif.

- 98 56 6 8

- 129L 74 n 8}

4351 250 6 9$

s 43i 266 1i 7

1,127 647 16 9

Memorandum: No Account can begiveii of what Alamodes and Luftrings were imported or exported before the First of March 1694.; by reason they were entered as other wrought Silks, and no Notice taken of those Two Species, till such time the Parliament was pleased to lay a further Duty, and prohibit the Importation thereof without Licence.

Per Charles

That, upon the whold Matter, the Committee came to the several Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Manufacture Of Luftrings and Alamodes, let up by the Luftring Company, hath been very advantageous and beneficial to this Kingdom; by employing great Numbers of the Poor, and preventing the Exportation ' of our Coin for purchasing of those Commodities- .

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there hath been a vei'y destructive Trade carried on with France, during the War, for importing Alamodes and Luftrings contrary to Law; whereby the King hath been defrauded of his Customs, and our own Manufactures greatly discouraged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it doth appear to this Committee, That the- same Vessels which imported Alamodes and Luftrings, did export great Quantities of our Wool.

Refobced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee; That by the Vessels importing Alamodes and Luftrings from France, tad the exporting of our Wool thither. Intelligence hath been carried to France, during the War, and the Enemies of the Government have been conveyed from Justice out of this Kingdom; and have bad frequent Opportunities of returning hither, to carry on their pernicious Designs.

Refobced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That such Persons, their Aiders and Abetters, as shall be convicted of importing Alamodes or Luftringfs contrary to Law, and shall not, within One Month's time, after such Conviction, pay the Forfeitures imposed already by Law, shall be banished into some Island in his Majesty's Plantations in America.

Refoboed', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That whatever Commission or Warrant-Officer, in his Majesty's Service, Master or Commander of any other Ship or Vessel whatsoever, shall knowingly import, or suffer to be imported, in any Ship or Vessel under his Command, any Alamodes or Luftrings contrary to Law, arjd be thereof convicted, shall, over and above the Forfeitures and Penalties already inflicted by Law, be ipso facto rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, either by 16

Sea or Land, or of any Benefit or Advantage be may be entitled to by virtue of such Service.

Refobced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That any Perfort or Persons whatsoever, belonging to any Ship or Vessel, that shall discover any Alamodes or Luftrings imported in any Ship or Vessel contrary to Law, shall, over and above the Encouragement and Advantage already provided by Law, be immediately discharged from his or their Service on board such Ship or Vessel, if he or they shall desire the fame.

Resolved, That it is toe Opinion of this Committee, That Alamodes and Luftrings shall be imported into the Port of London only.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the better preventing the fraudulent Importation of Goods from foreign Parts, and the Exportation of Wool, no Goods whatsoever shall be imported from, or exported into, foreign Parts, in any Vessel of lets Bttrden than 30 Tons, under the Penalty of forfeiting such Vessel and Goods.

Refoboed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by the intercepted Letter, wherein tire French King's Passport was inclosed, compared with Mr.

Hand-writing, and the Copy of the said Letter, entered in Mr. Goudett's Copy-Book of Letters, seized in his

Own House; by the Seal delivered1 to Mr. Henry Baker by Mr. Goudet, wherewith the Passport Letter was sealed; and by the Entries in Mr. Goudet's Cash-Book and Leiger; it does appear, That the said Passport was procured, and paid for, by the said Mr. Goudet and Company.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That by the Copies of several other Letters, entered in Mr. Goudet's Copy-Book of Letters, seized in his Custo-

dy, it does appear, That the said Passport was lent back in order to be renewed, the time for which it was granted being expired.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by the Copies of a great Number of letters, entered in Mr. Goudet' % Copy-Book of Letters; by several Letters from France in Answer thereunto, seized in Mr. Goudet'?. Custody; and by the Testiinonyof Witnesses produced to the Committee; it does appear, That Goudet and Company have carried on, during the War, a Cor-

respundence

r o w. ni.

16° — 18° Aprilis.

235

respondence with divers Persons in Trance, for the importing, into this Kingdom, Trench Alamodes and Luftrings; and, the better to conceal such their Practices, did, from time to time, caulb great Quantities of such Silks to be imported under iiftitious and counterfeit Names, and paid the Freight for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That by the Confession of the Parties, as well as by the Copies of Letters, entered in Mr. s laid Copy-

hooks of Betters, seized as aforesaid, it doth appear, That Goudet, Longueville, and Barrau, were Partners during the time this Smuggling-Trade was carried crfi.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That by the Copies of Letters entered in Mr. s

said Copy-Books of Letters, and by the Testinaony of Witnesses produced to the Committee, it doth appear, That Mr. Stephen Seignoi'et and Company did cause great Quantities of French Alamodes and Luftrings to be imported into this Kingdom, during the War with fend paid the Freight for the lame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by the Testimony of Witnesses produced to the Committee, it did appear, That when Provision wa6 made by Parliament, in the Year 1694, for sealing of Alamodes and Lultrings, there were found about 1,300 Pieces of those Silks in Mr. s Custody, which

be owned to be foreign, and for which it doth not appear that any Duty had been paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, by the Confession of the Parties, as well as by the Copies of Letters, entered in Mr. s laid Copy-

Books of Letters, it doth appear. That Seignoret, dovin, and Santini, were Partners during the time this

Smuggling-Trade was carried on.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion t>f this Committee, That it doth appear, by the Testimony of Witnesses produced to the Committee, That Mr. Peter Diharce did cause great Quantities of French Alamodes and Lultrings to be imported into this Kingdom, during the War, and the Freight to be paid for the same.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it doth appear, by the Testimony of one Witness produced to the Committee, That Mr. Dihearce did; in Confederacy with Mrs. Pool, affix counterfeit Seats and Indentures to many Pieces of Alamodes and Lultrings, in Imitation of the Custom-house Seals and Indentures.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it doth appear, by several Letters ligned P. Dihearce, intercepted by the Government, That Mr. Dihearce dealt with several Persons in Trance for Trench Silks, and other Commodities from Trance, under several fictitious and counterfeit Names.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it doth appear, by the Testimony of Witnesses produced to the Committee, That John Du Matre, Trancis Gnd)ert, Theodore Haultain,... Boutandon, Thomas Hatton, Peter Barrillcau, Peter Gorcy, Antony Didicr, Dinah Mason, Joseph Buckley, Edroard Singleton, John Corbuzier, Wm.Wregg,... Hart,... Toms,... Ripper, Arthur Goodwin, Ferdinand Racaud, Gafpard Bedjort, Bartholomew

Middy, John Girault, Peter Debilly, John Auriol, Isaac Auriol, Peter Montbrun, Mrs. Parthon, John De Peter Dulecicr, John Pancier, Henry for... Smith,

... Philips, and John Guygicr, have caused great Quantities of Trench Alamodes and Luftrings to be imported into this Kingdoih during the War with Trance.

Rifolred, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, -That it doth appear, by the Testimony of Witnesses produced to the Committee, That Mrs. Pool,

Roger Beart, Mathew Scalding, Trancis Neave, Thomas Deity,... Mandre, and ... have received great

Quantities of Trench Alamodes and Luftrings, imported into this Kingdom from Trance during the War.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tuesday Morning next.

Vol. XU.

Resolved, That this House will, 'upon this Day Fort- Hudson's Bay night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, to consider of the Bill for confirming to the Hudsons Bay Company their Privilege and Charter.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of thp Regulating whole House, to whom, the Bill for the further regulating E ethon8' Elections of Members to serve in Parliament was coua-mitted, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived, . Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 18* die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi Tertil

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Churchill's Act to confirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Estate*

Sir John Churchill Knight, lately deceased, pursuant to his last Will, and Two Decrees of Chancery for Performance thereof was read the First- time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next

A Petition of Edmond Boulter Esquire was presented King'sBench to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a an*1* great Debt due to . Petitioner, as Executor of Sir John *r*,w> Cutler Baronet, deceased, from William Lcnthall Esquire; for which the Petitioner hath no Security but an Assign-nient of the Office of Marshal of the King's-Bench; and conceiveth, that the Bill now depending, concerning the King's-Bench and Fleet Prisons, will highly prejudice his Interest: And praying to be heard by Counfe), against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner do attend, and be heard before the said Committee, Tomorrow; when they are to meet

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Lewen's rectify some Mistakes in an Act, lately parted, intituled, Estate.

An Act to enable John Leuven to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts: And that Mr.

Bromly and Mr. Gery do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Andrew Clifford and Jeronomy Clifford, Cliffords' Merchants, lately Inhabitants in Surinam in the Petition.

Indies, wa9 presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That

....., That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Monckton, Mr. Osborne, Mr.

Colt, Sir John Ellziell, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Boyle, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Lowther, Sir Godfrey Coply,

Mr. Baldzoyn, Mr. Harrifbn, Sir John Keye, Mr. Lamp

ton, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Arnold, Mr.

Foley, Mr. Blake, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Taylor: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Tho. Cudmore Esquire, Tho. Finch and Abuses in Francis Jones Gentlemen, Prisoners in the Fleet Prison, Fleet Prifoa. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners, amongst others, having lately presented a Petition to this Honourable House, complaining against Mr. Ford, pretended Warden of the Fleet, for which Mr. Ford turned Thomas Finch and Francis Jones on the common Side; ami, the same Night,

Thomas

2^6 18° Aprilis. . A. 1698.

Thomas Stone, one of the said Ford's Agents, came armed into Thomas Cudmores Chamber, and without any Provocation, broke his Head: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the poor Prisoners, confined in the Prison-houses of the King's Bench and Fleet, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Whitbome An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rectory. to annex the Rectory of Whit borne, in Herefordshire, to the Bishoprick of Hereford, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hutton Colt, Sir Mann. Wyvell, Mr. Baldnyn, Mr. Foley, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mr.

Brotherton, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Gery, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Eger ton, Lord sby , Lord Norris, Sir JTyley, Sir John Mr. Bickerstaffe, Mr YorMr. Mr. Mmvdit, Sir John Turner, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Freuen, Mr. son, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Tho. Mr. Phillips, Air.

Machell; and all that lerve for the County of Her ford: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

Linen Ma- A Petition of the Borough-reeve, Constables, Mer-nufadure. chants, Tradesmen, and other chief Inhabitants, of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read: Praying, That Provision may be effectually made for the Encouragement of the Linen Manufacture in the said Town.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, upon the said Petition, for the Encouragement of the said Linen Manufacture: And that Mr. Norris and Air. Mawdit do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Hornby's Mr. Tredenham reported, from the Committee, to Creditors. whom the Petition of the Creditors of Joseph and Nathaniel Hornby, on behalf of themselves, and others of the Creditors of the said Joseph and was re-

ferred, the Alatter, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the State of the Accounts extracted out of the Books of Joseph and

NathanieU Hornby, attested by their Servant, and admitted by the Petitioners, That the Total of their Debts was 64,300l. and that lb many of the Creditors as exceeded Two-thirds in Number and Value, and whose Debts amounted to 52,752/. had subscribed and complied with an Instrument of Agreement, which was in Part executed, and Two Shillings in the Pound Dividend paid to such as would accept it; and the same Proportion lies ready for all the rest of the Creditors.

That there is about 5,305/. 16s. 8 due to several Creditors who have not signed the Agreement, feme whereof are willing now to agree; likewise owing to Guardians and Executors, ana to Companies, upon Account of Trade, 6,243 I. 5 who cannot comply with the said Agreement for want of a Power; the principal whereof were present, and consenting, as far as in them lay.

Several of the principal Creditors appeared at the Committee; where the Instrument of Agreement was read; and they all concurred, That the Motive which induced them to subscribe it, arose from the Advantage they thought it would give to all the Creditors in general; and that they did apprehend it to be made bonaJide, and without any Fraud, on the Part of the said Hornbys.

This was affirmed by Air. Hooper, Mr. Upton, and Air. Edgbui'y, Trustees nominated lor the Creditors in

the Agreement; and likewise by Sir George Rook and Doctor Onely, Tw o of the principal of them.

That the Committee did likewise read the Petition signed by Sir John Buciamrth, and others: Sir BucL-roorth was present at the Committee; w here he declared,

That he did not join in the Petition with 1 )elign to ob-Itruct any fair Overture which the Hornbys should make; and having, since the presenting, received an Account from Air. Upton, one of the Trustees, how the Hornbys, by delivering up their Books, Bonds, and other Specialties, had evidenced the Candor and Honesty with which they acted, he did, in his own and the Gentlemens Names who signed that Petition, desire Leave to withdraw it, and were willing to be included in the general Agreement.

That there was only one Person, whose Name is Carpenter, and affirms himself to be Creditor for 1,100l. that appeared averse at the Committee to a Compliance with the general Agreement; though it was alleged, that he had often been pressed to accept of the same 'Perms with the rest of the Creditors; and that the Proportion of the Dividend lies ready to be paid him.

And that, upon the Whole, the Committee came to this Refelution:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Composition and Agreement, made with the Creditors of Joseph and NathanieU Hornby, w as performed bona Jide, and without Intention of any Fraud, on the Part of the said Joseph and NathanieU Hornby; and that the said Agreement is for the Benefit of the Creditors.

The said Refelution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with tire Committee in the said Refelution, That the Composition and Agreement, made with the Creditors of Joseph and Na-thaniell Hornby, was performed bona jide, and without Intention of any Freud, on the Part of the said Joseph and NathanieU Hornby; and that the said Agreement is for the Benefit of the Creditors.

Mr. Tredenham also acquainted the House, That he was directed, by the said Committee, to move the House for Leave to bring in a Bill upon the said Refelution.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the said Refelution: And that Air. Tredenham and Air. Sloane do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That they do make feme Provision for Carpenter, one of the Creditors of the said Joseph and NathanieU Hornby.

Mr. Perry reported, from the Committee, to whom the j smith's Bill for Sale of Three Houses in Swan-alley, in Coleman- Efute. street, late of Joseph Smith, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable, was committed. That they had examined and considered the fame, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed hitn to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act r. Smith's

for the vesting several Lands, late belonging to Robert F.rtaie. Smith Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, was read tire Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Air. Poultny do carry tire Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Air.

Malt Duties.

Ayre and Calder Navi-galion.

leave of Absence.

Call of the House.

African

Trade.

Russia

Trade.

i o W. III. 188 — i 9* Jprilis. 237

Mr. Clark from the Commissioners of Excise, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of what hath been received of the Duties upon Malt.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Malt-Duty Receipts:

Received at the Excise Office, London, on Account of the Duty on Malt, from 20th April 1697 to nth Apr. 1698 - -

£ d. 359^62 7 H

Malt-Duty Payments:

Paid into the Exchequer

c

344,373

s. d.

Paid for Salary, and Incidents in'!

London - - - - -J

The Deficiency and Charges in re- coining of 117,181/. 5 s. 5 d. off 13,578 — 10j' old hammered Money, will be near Remaining (till at the Mint in the")

Tower, to be recoined -

1

974 —

1,036 17 7

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That an Estimate-Account be laid before this House, of the grots Produce of the Duty upon Malt, over and above what hath been actually received at the Excise-Office.

An ingossed Bill to make the Rivers *

An ingossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Toll shall be charged upon any Boat for passing up and down the River, where the same is now navigable:

And the same was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Se cond time:

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Kay do carry the Bill to the Lords; and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Herbert have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Neale have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Edward Vaughan have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Saturday come Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Notris reported from the said Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Fortnight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Sir Nicholas Cripfe, Sir Ralph vall, and Mr. Dicken/bn, be then heard at the said Committee, by their Counsel, if they think fit, upon their Petitions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for encouraging and improving the Trade

to Russia,.....be made upon Morning

next.

Vo l. XII.

Excise-Office, London,£. 359,962 7 8*

18 April 1698. 1 -

Sa. Story.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock. '

Mart is, 19* die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ABILLfor enabling Trustees to make Leases, and Windham* grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits, of Estate. the Estates late of Sir Edward Windham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton Windham Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Windham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Gran* ville, Major-General Erie, Lord Mr.

Sir Fran. Windham, Mr. Etterick, Sir Sir

Robert Cotton, Mr. Lampton, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Gery,

Sir John Phillips, Sir John Lewfon Gower, Mr. Evelyn,

Mr. Baldicyn, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Mountstcvens, Mr.

Manly, Mr. Shacker/y, Sir Robert BurdeMr. Trelaw-

ny, Mr. Maxvdit, Mr. Berty, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Foley,

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Morgan, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Granville, Sir Ch. Windham, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Henry Gough, Dor A. Hyde, Sir Edward A buy,. Sir Edward ly, Mr. Colt, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Cornwallis, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir John,

Sir John Kay, Mr . Brotherton, Mr. Bromley; and all

that serve for the Counties of Devon, Dorsett, Cornwall, and Somersett: And they are to meet this Afternoon at at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Bromly, according to Order, presented to the Lewen'* House a Bill to rectify feme Mistakes in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable John Lewen to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts; And the same was received.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act EarlofGa'mffor vesting Lands in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of borough'* the Debts of Wriothesly Baptist late Earl of Gainsbo- ^Uate* rough, deceased, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Digby,

Mr. Brotherton, Colonel Granville, Mr. Sherrard, Sir John Kay, Mr. Bromly, Major-General Erie, Mr. Stock-dale, Sir John Lewfon Gower, Sir Henry Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Matth. Andreivs, Mr. Berty, Mr.

Sir Ch. Windham, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Windham, Mr.

' Bridges, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Bohun, Mr. Fleming, Mr.

Phillips, Mr. Bofcaicen, Sir John Phillips, Lord Coningf-

by, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Ashly, Sir Edward Abny, Sir Scroop Hmo, Sir Jacob Ashly, Sir William York, Sir Wm.

St. Quint in, Sir Eduard Ernly, Mr. and all

3 P ' that

Bifltop of

WiDcb<,(Ur,»

Leafijig.

Committees

Copi«r

Coinage.

Recovery of Wages.

Privilege.

338

I p6 Apr

A. 1698*

that serve for the Counties of Nottingham, L'mcolnc, , and Rutland: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease granted by the Lord Bishop of Winchester, of a Parcel of Waste-G round in Alverstock, in the County of Southampton, for the erecting of Waterworks there, and for improving the same, was read a Second tithe.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Matth. Andreas, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. Vincent, Colonel Gibson, Mr. England, Mr. stecens, Sir Isaac Ashley, Mr. Phillips, Sir Mr. Hedger, Mr. Boscawen, Sir Charles Windham, Dr.

Oxenden, Mi. Pendarois, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Cooper, Sir Edward Abney, Sir John Bucknall, Sir Joseph Tyly, Sir John Woolstenholm, Mr. Tracers, Mr. Lampion Mr.

Sir Thomas Day, Mr. Berty, Mr. Moimtague, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Trelawney, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Mr. Corners, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mr.

Lewis, Mr. Edgerlon, Colonel Perry, Mr. # #, Sir John Fleet, Sir John Banks, Sir Stephen Evans, Mr. England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bridges, Sir and all

that serve for the County of Southampton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Shopkeepers, Butchers, Bakers, Innholders, and Retailers in general, of the ancient Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of and Stafford,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they having fitftained a great Lois by the White Halfpence and Farthings lying on their Hands unexchanged: and praying a Stop may be put to the great Increase of Copper Halfpence and Farthings.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victual-ers. Market-people, and Retailers in general of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to foe House.

A Bill for the better Recovery of Wages due to Servants, Seamen, and Miners, was read a Second time.

Refolted, That the Bill be committed to Mr. ernven, Sir Fran.Windham, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Nor-

ris, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Bohun, Dr. Oxenden, Mr. Pelham, Serjeant Bond, Mr. MSir Cha. Windham, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Brolherton, Sir John Bucknall, Sir Henry Gough, Sir John Wolstenholme, Sn John Kay, Mr. Dolben,

Mr. Machell, Mr. Cooper, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Ashly,

Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Mr. Mr. Sir Robert Burdet, Mr . Farrer, Mr. Philips, Sir

Young, Mr. Duke, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Colt, Sir Colt, Sir Cha. Sedly, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Osborne, Sir Edward Hungerfard, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Perry, Mr. Clerk; and all

that serve for Sea-Port Towns: and all the Members, that are Merchants, of this House, and that are of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Norris reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to whom was referred the Examination of the Matter of the Complaint against Richard Turner, Receiver of foe Taxes for the lall Year, That although he had received, and given a Discharge in full for, the Taxes due from Sir Henry Gough, a Member of this House; yet he had distrained the Goods of Sir Henry Gough for foe fame, in Breach of the Privilege of this House; the Matter, at it appeared to foe said Commit-18

tee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at foe Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Committee appointed Friday 15th March instant, for hearing the Matter of foe laid Complaint; and ordered Richard Turner to be summoned, then to attend them: And it appeared to the Committee, That the said Richard Turner had been duly summoned, and that he was seen in Town the said Friday in the Morning; but, when the Committee met in the Afternoon, to examine that Matter, the said Richard Turner did not attend.

Edxeard Hopkins said, That Richard Turner owned he had distrained Sir Henry Gough's Cattle; and said, ll was for the Land Tax, because he would not pay it himself.

Thereupon, the Committee examined William Sawyer, a Servant to Sir Henry Gough; who testilied, That he had, by Sir Henry Gough's Order, paid several Sums of Money, upon Account of the lait Land Tax, which the said Richard Turner had received, or at lealt was present when the same was paid, and gave a Receipt for: And Two Receipts was produced to foe Committee; one of foe 27th of May 1097, by which the said Richard Turner acknowledged to have received of Sir Henry Gough, by the Hands of William Sawyer, the Sum of 16/. 5 s. for Three Quarters of foe '1 ax; the other Receipt w as of foe 27th October 1697, for 4/. 4$. 8 in full for

Capitation and Stock, and said to he for foe last quarterly Payment; both which Receipts were signed by the said Richard Turner.

That thereupon the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Richard Turner is guilty of a Breach of Privilege* in distraining the Cattle of Sir Henry Gough, upon Pretence of Money due for Taxes which he had before paid, and for which the said Richard Turner had given, to foe said Sir Henry Gough,a Receipt in full.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Richard Turner is guilty of a Breach of Privilege, in distraining the Cattle of Sir Henry Gough, upon Pretence of Money due for Taxes which he had before paid, and for which the said Richard Turner had given, to the said Sir Hairy Gough a Receipt in full.

Ordered, That the said Richard Turner be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for the said Breach of Privilege.

Mr. Arnold, according to Order, presented to the House, Merchan«ji» a Bill against the King's Ships carrying Merchants Goods: itu'

And the same was received; and read foe First time. King's Ships.

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. George Nicholas have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Dashwood have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Jenkinson have Leave to go into foe Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hobby have Leave to go into foe Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Payn have Leave to go into foe Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That foe Consideration of the Petition of Army John HackxeU, and others, 'Soldiers, be transferred from Arrow*

the Committee, to whom the same was referred, to foe Committee, to whom the Petition of foe Soldiers of Colonel Langston'* Regiment is referred*

Mr;

Duty oa Mult.

loW. III.

ip8 — 20

Mr. Clarke, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the gross Produce of the Duty upon Malt. And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Excise-Office, London,

19th April 1698.

The grols Produce of Stock of Malt in Hand the 20th April 1697 -Estimate of the gross Produce of the growing Duty of Malt, from the said 20th April 1697, to the First of March 1697 -

Eftitnate of what the Duty may produce from tire First of March to the 20th of April 1698 * - -

£. s. di

15&063 n

317.000 — > —

120.000 — —

£. 596,063 11 10

439.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^|j/ Bronify: } 9*‘

Tellers for the Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments* be ingrossed It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report from Foreign the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Koval Luf- bullrings.

9 J

tring Company was referred, be further adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till To-monW Morning, Nine a Clock.

D. Lawra

Ordered, That the said Acdount do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

7t«golating Mr. Cowper, according to the Order of the Day, re-EWtioas. ported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the further regulating Elections of Members to serve in Parliament was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, all of them, but Clause A, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time; the same was amended by the House: And the same being, That all Persons, w ho now have Power to grant Freedoms or Burgesships in Cities, Boroughs, and Towns Corporate, may, notwithstanding this Act, create a Burgefe, being a natural-born Subject of this Realm, and inhabiting in the County, or within Five Miles of such Borough, and having an Estate in Possession, or Remainder, of the yearly Value of Two hundred Pounds;

The Question was put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeUcrsforthaYess,^"^ }

Tellers for the } 1 °7'

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That nothing should be construed to extend to make void the Election of any Person, duly cholen a Member, by reason of his ordinary Expence or Hospitality in his Dwelling-house:

And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That all Elections of honorary Members or Burgesses of Cities, Boroughs, or Towns Corporate, shall be void, unless made on the Day of Election of the Mayor, or other chief Magistrate, in open Court, the Majority of all who have a Right to vote concurring the rein.

Anti the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Vol. XII.

Mercurii, 20* die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Crater!.

COLON ELGranville reported from the Committee, Windham's to whom the Bill for enabling Trustees to make Estate, Leases, and grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits, of the Estates late of Sir Edward Windham, Baronet, deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Windham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined and considered the feme, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once reed throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Evelyn reported from the Committee, to whom Suppressing the Bill for the better Discovery and Supprelfing of House-Housebreakers was committed, That they had made iome breakers. Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table until this Day Sevennight.

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Order, presented to Wiredrawn the House a Bill for the settling and adjusting the Pro- Trade, portions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread, and to prevent the Abuses of Wiredrawers: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill to rectify some Mistakes in an Act, passed this I.ewen'a Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable John Estate, Lewen to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight

Mr. Baldwin reported from the Committee, to whotn \Vhitbon* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to Rectory, annex the Rectory of Whitbome, in Herefordshire, to the Bishoprick of Hereford, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table*

Mr*

Repealing 39 El»z« against making Malt*

Hammered

Money.

Lindsey

Drainage.

Counterfeiting Coin.

Kxecuting Judgments in Woles*

Slaughter, &c. importing Silk.

Cleaning Itivtrs, &c*

od Aprilts.

A. 1598.

Mr. Brotherson reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to repeal an Act, in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to refrain the excessive making of Malt, and to discharge and vacate ail Orders, made by Justices of Peace, for restraining of Mahliers from making of Malt, since the late Duty of Six-pence per Bushel laid upon Malt, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

A Petition of Andrew Perrott, Samuel , and

Others, Citizens and Inhabitants of and within the City of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting fprth, That the Petitioners, about 14th of last,

did deliver, by Weight, to the Matter-worker of the Mint at York, the Value of three thousand Pounds, in old hammered Silver Money, hoping the tame should have been forthwith melted down and recoined, and delivered to the Petitioners before the 25th March 1698; and that, after many Applications to the Matter and Worker, for their said Monies, they cannot obtain thfe fame: And praying an Inquiry may be made into the Reasons why their Money should be detained.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the tame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to the Lord Fairfax, Sir John Kay, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. , Mr.

Harrison, Mr. Molyneux, Sir William Colonel

Perry, Sir Wliam Hustler, Mr. England, Sir Drake, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. G Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Colt, Mr. Ashby, Sir Marm. Wyvell Mr. Cartwright, Lord Digby, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Lawther, Mr. Pery, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Baldteyn, Mr. Osborne, Mr.; and all

the Members that serve for the County of York, and the several other Counties where Mints are: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to consider of the Deficiency at all the Mints.

Rivers, may prejudice him; therefore prays to be heard before the Committee, in order to be relieved, by a Clause to be added to the said Bill, or otherwise, as mall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the said Bill i» committed.

Mh Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Eilb House a Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Po11 lta* quarterly Poll, for One Year: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Dr. Oxenden have Leave to go into the Leave at Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa- Absence* lions.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton have Leave'to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occa.-lions.

Ordered, That Mr. Hyde have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Ocear-fions.

Ordered, That Mr. Moncton, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Buying and Pagit, Sir Rowland Gwynne, Lord Digby, Mr Manly, fellu^ Oi-Sir Thomas Dyke, Colonel Granville, Mr. Foley, Mr. fic*8, Bromly, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for preventing the buying and selling of Offices, and Places of Trusts, was referred.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill $ House a Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties Duly <» upon Coals and Culm: And the same was received; and ("oats* read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Roberts have Leave to L*ave of go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Absence. Occasions.

Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the draining Part of Lindsey Level, in the County of Linoolne: And the same was received. Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Seven-

night

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom, be read the Third time upon this Day Sevennight

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard «nd Sir Richard Hoford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to execute Judgments and Decrees saved in a Clause in an Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Court holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Paris Slaughter and Will'utmDruce, Merchants, and Dame Elizabeth Chapman, to import several Bales of fine Italian Thrown Silk, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Charles Trevamon Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by an Act of Parliament, the River Vlie, in Cornwall, was to be made navigable, and the Care thereof committed to the Petitioner; who built many Sluices thereon, at his own Charge: That the Petitioner is apprehensive the Bill touching removing Sands, and cleansing Havens and

A Petition being offered, relating to the Bill for grant- Duty oa ing to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm; Coals.

And the Question being put. That the Petition be received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for } 99.

Tellers for the Noe^r. Cp^}

So it passed in the Negative.

Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported from the Russia Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Trade, encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, touching Tender of Fines:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Holford;

Mr.

Colchester

Channel.

Davis'Estate.

M after's Estate.

V'ays and hleaob.

Foreign lais-tr?n !v, and rlantlestine Trade.

Impeach-«nent of

Gevrdett, &c.

io W. III. 2b° Aprilis. 241

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for cleansing, and making navigable, the Channel, from the Hvthe at Colchester, to W with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain culiomary Messuages and Lands, within the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Dorsett, late the Estate of 7 'homasDarns Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Streynsham Master Esquire, to fell Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Marriage-Articles; and to convey Lands in Derbyshire, of a greater Value, to the same Uses.; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Rejoiced\That this House will, after this Week, upon every Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, and Friday, at

Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, until they have finithed the fame; and that whatever Debate shall then be, shall be adjourned.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Royal Lultring Company of England w as referred:

And the First Four of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh, of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, the Consideration thereof were severally postponed.

The Eighth Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Alamodes and Luftrings shall be imported into the Port of London only.

The Ninth Resolution being read a Second time; the Consideration thereof wras postponed.

The Residue of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in for the Encouragement of the Lullring Company; and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Luftrings and Alamodes, and the Exportation of Wool, and Fullers Earth: And that Sir Roxcland Sir Henry Colt, arid Mr. Clarke, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Resolutions, which were postponed, be adjourned till the said Bill be brought in.

Resolved, That John Gowdett be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That David Barreau be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Peter Lon be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Stephen Seignoret be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Rene Baudowy be impeached of High

Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Nicholas Sa be impeached of High

Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That Peter de Hearce be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gzcyn do go up to the Lords, and, at their Bar, in the Name of all the Commons of England, impeach the said John Gowdet, David Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudottyn, Nicolas Santini, and Peter de Hearce, of divers High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint the Lords, That this House will, in due time, exhibit Articles against the said Persons.

Vox.. XII.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was referred, do prepare the said Articles of impeachment.

Ordered, That the said John Gowdet be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said David Barreau be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Peter Longueville be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Stephen be taken into

the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Rene be taken into

the, Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Nicholas Santini be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the said Peter de Hearce be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General and Mr. Solicitor General do prosecute the said John Dumastre, Francis Grubert, Theodore Holtainc, Boutandon, Thomas Hatton, Peter Barraillaw, Peter Goree, Antony,

Diana Majon, Joseph Buckley, Edward Singleton, John Corbusier, William Wragg, Hart, Toms, Ripper, Arthur Goodwyn, Ferdinand Revaud, Gojpard Bedford,

Bartholomew Middy, John Gairalt, Peter Debilly, John Aurioll, Isaac Aurioll, Peter Monbmvn, Mrs. Parthon, John Dejeine, Peter du Livier, John Pander, Henry Collins for Smith, Philips, and John Guygier, for their said Offences.

Ordered, That Mn Attorney-General and Mr. Solicitor-General do prosecute the said Mrs. Poole, William Wade, Roger Beart, Matthew Scalding, Francis Neave, Thomas Dewy, Manure, and Terwjey, for their said Offences

Resolved, That Mr. Hilary Ranew, for the great Services done this Kingdom, in promoting the Manufacture of Alamodes and Luftrings, and discovering the fraudulent Importation thereof, and Exportation of Wool, deserves the Countenance and Protection of the Government: And that a Bill for naturalizing of him, and his Family, be brought in, and permitted *to pass this House gratis: And that Mr. Clark do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into what Prosecutions have been ordered by this House, to be made of any Persons in Westminster-hall; and what hath beeu done thereupon:

And it is referred to Mr. Sloan, Mr. Clarke, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Palms, Mr. Norris, Sir Jacob Ashly, Sir Walter Young, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Manly, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Perry, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Fran.Masham, Mr. England, Sir Dutton, Mr. Bet hell: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better improving the Woollen Manufacture be read the Third time upon Saturday cotne Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

3Q

Gowdet, ordered into custody.

6thers to be prosecuted.

Ranew's Nat. gratis.

Profecotion* ordered by the iloufe.

Improving Woollen Ma-nufa&uie.

Committee*

24-2

2 i °dprilis.

1698.

Jovis, 21* die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Cary's Estate.

PRATEKS.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of certain Messuages and Lands in Hackney, in the County of in Trus-

tees, for the Benefit of Susanna , Widow and Relict of Nicolas Cary Esquire, deceased, and others, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brother-hue, Colonel King, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. BaUhoyn, Mr. Sloan, Sir Fran.Massam, Mr. Pengelly, Serjeant

"ing thereof convicted upon any Indictment or Information

The same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal the Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolben do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Richard Turner, in Custody of the Ser- Privilege — jeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Pri- P«doi pe-

Ea.rlofGa.es-

borough's

Estate,

Speaker's Chamber to be locked.

Return of Juries at Affiles.

Sir Alarm. Wycell, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. vilege committed against Sir Henry Gough, a Member of

Gery, Sir John Kay, Mr. Alethnyn, Mr. Philips, Mr, this House, was presented to the House, and read; by 1 c Machell, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Foley, Sir Edward Norris, Mr. which he acknowleged his Offence; and prayed to be

Morgati, Mr. Vincent, Sir William Hustler, Sir William discharged out of Custody.

Lout her, Mr. lVhite, Mr. Battifcomb, Mr. Lowther, Sir Ordered, That the fit id Richard be brought to John Bucknall, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Colt, Mr. Kirkby, the Bar, in order to his Discharge.

Mr. Mountstcvens, Lord Patclett, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Nor-The said Richard Turner was accordingly brought to

ris, Colonel Courtney, Mr. England, Mr. Coniers, Sir the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Repri-John Fleet, Sir John Parsons, Mr. Guy, Sir Edw. Hun- mand from Mr. Speaker.

gerford, Mr. Gram-ill, Mr. Haynes, Mr. Manly, Mr. Ordered, That the said Richard Turner be discharged Hoare, Mr. Moore, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Burrington, out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Mau'ditt, Mr. Fuller, Colonel Perry, Mr. Rudge,

Colonel Burrard: And they are to meet this Afternoon, Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, reported from Fita-Hantf

in the Speaker's Chambers, at Five of the Clock. the Committee, to whom the Consideration of the Pe- Estate.

tition of Sir Henry Fit z-Harris Baronet was referred, the The Lord Digby reported from the Committee, to Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which they whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An had directed him to report to the House j which he read Act; for vesting Lands, in Trustees, to be sold, for Pay- in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's roent of the Debts of IVriothcsly Baptist late Earl of Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; Gainsborough, deceased, was committed. That they had viz.

examined and considered the fame; and had directed him That by the Acts of Settlement, and Explanation, for to report the same to the House, without any Amend- the Kingdom of made in the Seventeenth and

iqent: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Eighteenth Years of the Reign of his late Majesty King Table. Charles the Second, there was feme Provision made for

Sir Edward Fitzharris, the Petitioner's Grandfather; but Ordered, That the Serjeant do lock up the Back Doors subject to this Proviso; That if any Person or Persons of the Speaker's Chamber every Morning at Ten a Clock; shall, within the Space of Six Months, next after the Royal

and bring the Keys, and lay them upon the Table.

Assent to this Bill actually given, allege, before the Lord lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to of Ireland, and Council there, That the said Sir whom the Bill for the more easy Return of Juries at the Fitzharris hath committed any Massacre, Murder, or other Assizes and Sessions was committed, That they had made such like heinous Crime or Cruelty, upon the Persons of fouiq Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed any of his Majesty's good Subjects; and shall prove the

him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

fame, by such Witnesses, or other Evidence, as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Council there, shall think good Proof; that then, and in such Case, it shall and may be lawful to and for the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor and Governors, and Council there, by Order of the Council, to declare and adjudge him, the said Sir Edu ard Fitzharris, to be guilty of the Crime or Cruelty, fb alleged and proved, as aforesaid; and, upon such Declaration t)*vis'Estate. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Judgment, the said Sir Edward Fitzharris, and his

for vesting certain customary Messuages and Lands, within Heirs, thall be, and are hereby made, incapable of any

the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Dorsett, late Benefit or Advantage in and by this present Act given;

the Estate of Thomas Davis Gentleman, deceased, in or of any Restitution, as aforesaid; but shall remain and

Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read be, to all Intents and Purposes, in the same Plight and the First time. Condition, as he or they would'have been, if the said Sir

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Edward Fitzharris had not been named in this present this Day Sevennight. Act; any thing herein before contained to the contrary

in any wise....

An ingrossed Bill to repeal the Act, made the last Sef- That it likewise appeared to the Committee, by an fton of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Cre- Order made by the Lord Lieutenant and Council of Ire-ditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in land, the 25th of May 1666, in a Cause then depending case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree, was before them, between Robert Oliver Esquire, Plaintiff, read the Third time. and the said Sir Edward Fitzharris Defendant, in theie

And several Amendments being severally proposed to Words following: be made to the Bill , viz. ‘ Whereas the Plaintiff exhibited a Petition, at this

Press l. L. 32- after " which," to insert " before the Board; therein setting forth, That, in the explanatory " said Eleventh Day of May* and additional Act for the Settlement of this Kingdom, Pr. 2. L. 26. before " any," to insert " or before ‘ is contained a Proviso, in these Words; " Provided " the Lid Eleventh Day of May shall make " " also, That if any Person or Persons shall, within the

Pr. last, L*, after " obtained," to insert " and be- " Space of Six Months, next after the Royal Assent to

19 " this

Relief of Creditors.

9$.

Infer.

here.

nded

side i of ors, H'O-

the

> *K

of

e

Fb.fe

Ba

roW. III. 2i° — t6° Jprilis. 243

" this Bill actually given, allege, before the Lord Lieu-« tenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors of " land, and Council there, That the said Sir Edward " Fitzharrishath committed any Massacre, Murder, or

" other l'uch like heinous (.'rime or Cruelty, upon the " Persons of any of his Majesty's good Subjects; and " shall prove the fame, by fuel) Witnesses, or other Evidence, as the said Lord Lieutenant, or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Council there, shall think " good Proof; that then, and in such Case, it shall and " may be lawful to and for the said Lord Lieutenant, " or other Chief Governor or Governors, and Council " there, by Order of the Council, to declare and adjudge " him, the said Sir Edward Fitzharris, to be guilty of the " Crime or Cruelty, so alleged and proved, as aforesaid " [and, upon such Declaration and Judgment, the said Sir Edward Fitzharris to be guilty of the Crime or " Cruelty, so alleged and proved as aforesaid]; and, " upon such Declaration and Judgment, the said Sir " Edward Fitzharris, and his Heirs, shall be, and are " hereby made, incapable of any Benefit or Advantage " in and by this present Act given; or of any Restitution, as aforesaid; but ilialt remain and be, to all " Intents and Purposes, in the same Plight and Condition, as he or they would have been, if the said Sir " Edward Fitzharris had not been named in this present " Act, any thing herein before contained to the contrary " in any wise notwithstanding;" and also setting forth, " lhat the Plaintiff was able to prove the said Sir Edward Fitzharris guilty of such Crimes, as w ould render " him incapable of any Benefit he might or could expect " by the said Act; and therefore prayed, That a Day " might be appointed for the said Defendant to appear, " and make his Defence to the Charge and Proofs the " Plaintiff should offer against him:" ‘To which Petition

the said Defendant was required to make Answer; and

accordingly did answer; and the Plaintiff replied; and the Defendant rejoined: And the Cause, being appoint-‘ ed to be heard, was accordingly, this Day, heard in the

‘Preftuce of both Parties, and their Counsel: And, upon ‘ full Hearing thereof, and of such Witnesses and Evi- dences as were produced before us, we do hereby de-

dare, That no Proof, by Witnesses, or other Evidences,

hath been produced before us, whereby we might be ‘ induced to declare and adjudge the said Sir Edward

Fitzharris to be guilty of any Mafl'acre, Murder, or

other such like heinous Crime or Cruelty, committed

upon the Persons of any of his Majesty's good Subjects.'

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn have Leave to go into the Absence. Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quar- Supply Bill; terly Poll, for One Year, was, according to Order, read I>oUTax* a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Seven- Militia Renight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, S*^00' to consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Militia.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning next. Nine a Clock.

Martis, 2 6°die Aprilis;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

A N ingrossed Bill, to enable Trustees to make Leases, Wyndham'e Jtand grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Pro- E fits, of the Estates late of Sir Edward Baronet,

deceased, and Hopton Wyndham Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made therein; viz.

Press 3. L. 18. and 19, leave out, " Thomas Wynd~

" ham, of Hay-Church, in the County of Dorsett " Esquire."

L. 35. leave out " Thomas Wyndh

Pr. 4. L. 13. the same Amendment

L. 25. the same Amendment.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases, and gfant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits, of the Estates late of Sir Edward Wyndham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton If'yndham Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; Duty on C«J.

Ordered, That Mr. Pocklingtonhave Leave to go into An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act EarlofGainfr

the Country for len Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. for vesting Lands, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment

Ordered, That Sir Edward Acton have Leave to go of the Debts of Baptist late Earl of Gains-

into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. borough, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Ordered, That the Lord do carry the Bill to the Coal and Culm was, according to Order, read a Second Lor(js, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

tlme‘ . to the fame, without any Amendment

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole

House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take off the Duties laid upon all inland Coal, not water-borne in order to be iliipped;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tdlm for the Ya*, } ,03'

Tellers for the Soes,[^ . } >°4-

So it passed in the Negative.

'Ihefe Words are repeated in this manner, by Mistake, both in the original Report and in the Journal.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Wlutbom# thuled. An Act to annex the Rectory of in Kedory.

Herefordshire, to the BiQioprick of be read the

Third time upon Saturday next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Seamen'# whom the Petitions of the Officers and Soldiers of the Arr«r». Ships taken as Prize were referred, be taken into Con* sideration upon Saturday Sevennight.

A Petition of John Gmulct, Peter Longueville, and - Bailing of

ter de Hearce, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attend- Perf7, Vm* ing this House, was presented to die House, and read; * setting ford). That they, being engaged in Debt, both at home and abroad, are in Danger of being utterly ruined, unless they may be admitted to Bail: And praying the fame.

Ordered

244

26 ° — 27° jfprilis.

Leave of A bfence.

Way* and Means.

Ordered, That the Consider&tion of the /kid Petition A Bill to rectify some Mistakes an Act, passed this be referred to a Committee: And that. ... do consider Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act to enable John EUau. in w hat manner Bail hath been taken in like Ca/es of Alif- to certain in for Pay-

demeanor; and report the same to the House. ment of Debts, was, according to read a Second

And it is referred to Lord Spencer, Sir Christopher

Afusgrave, Sir John Bolls, Mr. liar Ip, Sir Henry Hobart, Resolved, That the Bill be committed to l\fr. Bromley,

Sir Henry Colt, Sir Jfarm.llyvcil, Mr. Jfoor, Colonel Mr. Jlfoore, Mr. Gery, Major Holmes, Mr. Palmes, Sir Granville, Lord Paxclett, Sir Rowland Guy )ie, Mr. Ala- Sir Sir Mr.

chetl, Mr. Afountstevcns, Sir I Cal ter Young, Mr. Arnold, Sir Fran. Air. Drake, Mr. Bertie,

Sir IVtl/iam fbrrester. Sir William St.Quint in, Mr. Bar. Sir Air.

Grarrcille, Mr. Horn's, Sir Samuel Bernardiston, Sir dit, Mr. Aforgan. Air. Fgerton, Sir Charles Sidley, Mr. Palmes, Mr. La nipt on. Lord Conings- Air. Mr. Hunt, Mr. Blaake, Colonel Berkley,

by, Mr. Heveningham, Lord Digby, Mr. Bromly, Sir Ai Air. Afountague, Sir Walter Voting, Air.

'Thomas Dyke, Mr. BlofcUd, Mr. Philips, Mr. England, Stonehouse, Mr. England, Sir Air. White, Sir

Air. Boyle, Sir Cha.Wyndham, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Wil Air. Philips, Sir.

Robert Rich, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Manly;or Hedger, Sir Air. any Fiveof them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at man. Sir. Fleming, Major Halsey, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Carr,

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber. Sir. Henly, Sir. Cow, Lord Paw left; and all that serve

for London and And they are to meet at Five a

Ordered, That Air. Thomas Foley, of Stoale, have Leave Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber,

to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occnfions. A Petition of Thomas Due, of Greemcich, Waterman,

in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House,

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a for prevaricating with, and refilling to give fat is factory *itions for Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Au/wers, Questions as he was examined to by 1 c arge' Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Lulus Majesty. firing Company of England was referred, was pretented to

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. the House, and read; expressing his Sorrow, That he

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. offended this House any undecent Behaviour or Speech Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. at the said Committee: And praying. That he may be

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, discharged out ot Custody.

That they had made a further Progress in the Alatter to Ordered, That the said Thomas Due be brought to the them referred. Bar Tomorrow Morning, in order to his Discharge.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That all the Members that are Merchants, Arbitration. Morning, Nine a Clock. and all that lerve for the Cloathing Counties, be added

to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the

" Lords, intituled, An Act for determining Differences by Mercurii, 27° die Aprilis; Arbitration, was committed.

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

Churchill's A N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Estate. _/x Act to confirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill Knight, lately deceased, pursuant to his lait Will, and Two Decrees of Chancery for Performance thereof, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Lord Digby, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Machell, Mr.

vens, Mr. Egerton, Mr. , Mr. Hedger, Mr. Ijlojdld,

Sir John Kaye, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Yorke, Sir Cot-

ton, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Frauen, Mr. Manly, Sir Matthew Andrews, Mr. Gery, Mr. Palmes, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. White, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Brace/', Sir H. Dutton Colt, Sir Thomas Day, Colonel Mr. Yates, Mr. Norris,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Lee, Sir Edzcard Hunger ford, Mr. Mr. Barnard Granville, Mr. Fuller, Mr. 'Filmy, Mr. England, Mr. Philips; and all that serve for the County of Somersett: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Embezzle* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for meat of Na- enforcing the Laws against such as steal and embezzle his valStore#. Majesty's Ammunition, Sails, Cordage, or other Habiliments of War; and for preventing divers Cheats and Frauds in the paying of Seamen fervingon board his Majesty's Slaps: And that Sir Shovell and Mr.

Norris do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Kiogftoa* Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opoo-Hull the creating Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, in Work-house*. the Town of Kingston-upon-H for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there: And that Sir William St. Quintin and Mr. Osborne do prepare, and bring id, the Bill*

An ingrossed Bill to repeal an Act, made in the Thirty- Repeal, ninth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to re- Eliz. ngainil strain the excessive making of Malt; and to discharge makingMdt. and vacate Orders, made by Justices of the Peace by virtue thereof, for restraining Maltsters from making of Malt; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to re strain the excessive making of Mak; and to discharge and vacate Orders, made by Justices of the Peace by virtue thereof, for restraining Maltsters from making of Malt.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrenca thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of Three Houses in Swan- J.Smith'* alley in Cokman-street, London, late of Joseph Smith, de- Liuie.

cealed, for Payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of Three Houses in Swan alley in Cole man-street, London, late of Joseph Smith, deceased, # for Payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable.

Ordered, That Mr. Perry do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Privilege — Petitkm of persons in

fented to this House. custody.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report from the Committee, appointed to consider in what manner Bail hath been taken in Cafes of Misdemeanor.

A Petition of Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudouin, Nicolas Santini, and David Barreau, Merchants, in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was

An ingrossed Bill, for the more easy Return of Juries Return of atthe Affixes and Sessions was read the Third time. Juri.e*

Raohxd, A"""-

fy8,

so|-Pav.

ton'll

A:ix

L.t

joW. III. 27 — 28° Aprilis. 245

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, iW/cr, Mr. England, Ur. Mmutfens, Mr. Brother-ton,

1 Aa for the more eal'y Return of Juries at the Assizes Mr. Mr. Mr. H ood-

rosse; and all the Members that serve for the County

ro,k

f Sir

i5lr-

H,

011

'h

Mr.

Sir

Mr.

wv,

rve

ea

in.

i)- tt.-

,jf

Leave of Abfeoce.

Countefeiting Coin.

An Act for the more ealy and Sessions.

Ordered, That Sir William Hustler do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Blaak have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Cloudesly Shored have Leave to go into the Country for Five days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingossed Bill for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom, was read the Third time:

And several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 2. L. 12. before " Money/' insert " Silver;" and also in several other Places:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and tlte Bill amended at t lie Table accordingly.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill do pass;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f,

b 1 r. olcrtvorth.

Tellers for the Noes, ( ^rr'

[Mr. Brother ton,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, rlhat the Title be, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper ck> carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Coucurreuee thereunto.

Ways and The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Sfeans. Committee of the whole House, to consider further ot Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Themis Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several He solutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to ^receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

109.

71*

Jovis, 28* die Aprilis-, Decimo Guliehni.

Davis'*.

£ftau.

of Dorsett, Somersett, JV'dts, and Devon: And they are

to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lowndes reported, from the Committee, to whom Duties on the Consideration of the Petition of several Persons, w ho Marriages, lent Monies upon the Credit of the Act, made in the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-five, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials, d§r. was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That, upon Examination of the Matter, it did appear to the Committee, That the Duty, granted by the said Act, hath been so far from answering the Principal and Interest intended by the said Act, that the same hath not answered the Interest of the said Sum of 650,000l. lent thereon.

That the Committee did inquire into the Causes of the Deficiency of the said Act; and, upon hearing the Agents of the Exchequer, do find the chief Causes to he;

ift, The Want of Justices of the Peace in remote Places; and the Negligence and Omission of several Justices of the Peace in the Execution of this Act.

2dly, There being no Provision in the Act to oblige Bachelors and Widowers to give an Account of their Names, Qualities, and Places ot Abode; whereby a great Part of the Duty is totally loft.

3dly, The great Detefts in the Registers that are kept; whereby Perform do not pay according to their Quality.

4thly, The frequent Removal of Persons liable to pay the Duty.

5thly, The Want of a Power to levy the Penalties of the said Act, by Warrant.

6thly, The Want of a Pow er to oblige the Collectors to give their Accounts upon Oath.

ythly, The Wrant of a Power to oblige all Persons to tender the Duties to the Collectors, within a certain time, under a Penalty; and to cause the Assessments to be delivered to the Commissioners every Three Months; and a Power to the King to farm the said Duties; and a greater Allowance to the Collectors.

And that thereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, in many Places, there being tew Justices of the Peace to, act for these casual Duties; and the Justices of the Peace having many new Trusts and Duties committed to them, by several Acts of Parliament; it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for the Year 1698, the Persons nominated Commissioners for this Year's Land Tax be also authorized for executing the Acts for the Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Bachelors and Widowers, liable to the Payment of

Prayers.

AN ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain customary Messuages and the said Duties, shall be obliged, on or before the 24th _ .1 vf . -e /- ... -r j)ay jum nex^ give an Account, in Writing, of

I^ands within the Manor of G, in the County of Dorsett, late the Estate of Thomas Davis Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hunt, Sir William Drahc, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Lownds, Sir John

their Names, Surnames, Qualities, and Places of Abode, to the Minii'ter, or parochial Collector, where they re-fide respectively, under a Penalty; and so from time to time, upon Removal of such Persons, they shall be obliged to give the like Notice, to the Minister or Collector, of

Trevillion, Mr. Foley, Mr. Moyle, Sir Fran. Wyndham, the Place to which they remove, within Three Months

dpt,

Mr.

Sir Edicard Hungerford, Mr. Mr. Pat

Mr. Ashby, Sir Stephen Evans, Mr.

Blojeild, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Machell, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Philips, Sir John Philips, Sir William St. Quintin, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Bukkeyn, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Vo 1.. XII.

after their coining to such new Place or Residence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Registers, to be kept pursuant to the said Acts, thall contain the Names, Qualities, and Places of Abode, ot all Persons married, or liable to the Duties in the said Act, for Births or Burials, according to the btft and most

2^6

28° Jlprilis.

i & p

Duties on Marriages fee.

particular Information; and the bns, who ought to pay the said Duties, shall give, or cause to be given, to the Minister, the said Additions truly, under a Penalty to

be inflicted in Default thereof.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, in case of Removal of any Person w ithout Payment of the Duty, the Commissioners, or any Two of them, may certify such Default, under their Hands and Seals; and such Certificate to be sufficient Ground for the like Number of Commissioners, in any County or Place where

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time; Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Allowance of Poundage to the said Collectors be so as to bear

lo me Proportion to their Pain9.

Ordered, That a Pill be broug in upon the said lutions agreed unto by the House: And that Mr. do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

Thomas Due, in of the Serjeant at Arms privilege —

iiich Person shall reside, to levy the Duty by Distress, in attending this House, for prevaricating with, and refilling a Person cafc of Nonpayment. to give satisfactory An Rvers lo such Quefiions as he was

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, examined to by, the Committee, to whom the Petition of That all Penalties be levied by Warrant of the Commis- the Royal Lufiring Company of England was referred, sioners, or any Two of them, except the Penalty of I oo/. was, according to Order, brought to the Bar: Where

for not keeping the Registers; and that to be levied in the manner the ASt direfib.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Collectors for the said Duties do render their Accounts upon Oath, to be administered by Two or more Commissioners.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered, That the said Thomas Due be ciiicharged out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Mr. Lowndes according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill;

_ ^_, t , House a Bill for the better and more orderly -

That every Person, for the time to come, shall pay, or ment of the Lottery-Tickets, now payable, out of cer- ^*c^eu‘ tender, the Duties to the Collefilor, within a certain time, tain additional Duties of Excise: And the same was under a Penalty. received.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Assessments be brought to the Commissioners, A Petition was offered to the against the Bill Dntyo*

or Justices, every Three Months, and allowed, and Du- for laving a Duty upon inland Pit-eoal: Coal,

plicates thereof returned. And the Question being put, That the Petition be re-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, ceived;

It passed in the Negative.

That the King shall have Power, if his Majesty think it will be most for the Improvement of the said Duties, to farm the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Allowance of Poundage to the said Culleftors be increased, so as to bear some Proportion to their Pains.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, in many Places, there bein2 few Justices of the Peace to a fit for these cal'ml

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, Wavsand from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Mean*, was referred to confirler further of H ays arid Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Rdelations, which they had direfiled him to report to the House; which lie me I in his Place; and afterivards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the linne were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, Tlmt it is the Opinion of this Committee,

Duties; and the Justices of the Peace having many new That a further Duty be laid upon damped Vellum, Trusts and Duties committed to them, by several A fits of Parchment, and Paper.

Parliament; That, for the Year 1698, the Persons nmni- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Dated Commissioners for this Year's Land Tax be all'o That the Duties already payable upon ltatnped Vellum, authorised for executing the Acts for the Duties upon Parchment, and Paper, be doubled.

Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

The Second Resolution being read a Second time; That the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any; And the Question being put, That the House do agree Registry, Entry, Testimonial, or Certificate, of any De-with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Ba- gree taken in the Universities, or Inns of Court, shall chelors and Widowers, liable to the Payment of the said be logrolled or written, be excepted from the said doable Duties, shall be obliged, on or before the 24th Day of Duty.

June next, to give an Account, in Writing, of their Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Names, Surnames, Qualities, and Places of Abode, to That the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which any the Minister, or parochial Collector, where they relide Conveyance, Surrender of Grants or Offices, Release, or respectively, under a Penalty; and so, from time to time, other Deed, to be inrolled, shall be ingrafted or written, upon Removal of such Persons, they shall be obliged to be excepted from the said double Duty.

?'ve the like Notice, to the Minister or Collector of the Refohed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, lace to which they remove, within three Months after That the Vellum or Parchment upon which any Writ of

.1 . 1* 1 rvi n r l /"k_____1 r , 1 . r* il 11 1 ir 1 .

their coming to such new Place or Residence; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas |^r idlers for the ieas,|Mr Brexcr:

Tellers for the Noes,

So H passed in the Negative

27.

40.

Covenant, for levying Fines, shall be ingrafted or written, be excepted from the said double Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Vellum or Parchment upon which shall be ingrafted or written any Writ of Entry, for suffering a common Recovery, be excepted from the said double Duty.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Vellum, Parchment, or Paper, upon which shall The Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth be ingrafted or written any Habeas Corpus, be excepted Resolutions, being i'everally read a Second time, were, from the said double Duty.

upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, by the House. That a Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon the Vellum,

The Ninth Resolution being read a Second time; Parchment, and Paper, upon which shall be written or in-

And the Question being put, That the House do agree grafted any Confession of Pleas by the Attorney-General, with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the King Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, shall have Power, if his Majesty think it will be most for That a Duty of Five Shillings be laid upon the Vellum,

the Improvement of the said Duties, lo farm the fame; Parchment, pr Paper, upon which shall be written or in-

It passed in the Negative. grafted any Noli prosequi, or Ceffat procejjiis.

Resolved,

e;

- Co®.

3«ce of

to bear

fiefo.

a»</u

iihnsiL wa< to >n of Vs red, beie Mr.

Dot

he V

v. Ur

rA

is

I I^r,

u

10 W. III.

a8° — 29° — 3

‘'-r,a

Mca

Supply Bill j Duty on Coals*

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted to his Majesty until the Fiflt Day of August 1706.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the several Duties upon Coffee, Tea, and Chocolate, and Spices, and other Duties, granted by an Act, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several additional Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debts due for Transport-Ser-vice for the Reduction of Ireland, be continued.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be continued for the Term of Three Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid upon all Haw kers and Pedlars, to commence from the Expiration of the piefent Duties upon them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be the same as are now payable.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted for the Term of Three Years.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Rill or Bills be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Thomas Littleton, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to coulidtr of the Bill for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report; when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Saturday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Shaftsbary

Work-houses.

Rene vi's, NaU

Kingston upon Hull \V or k* Louies.

247

said Duties be applied towards Satisfaction of the Debt due for Transport-Service for the Reduction of Ireland:

And that Mr. Norris be joined with them in preparing the said Bill.

Mr. Arnold, according to Order, presented to tire PreVfntioB

Veneris, 29°

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

R D E R ED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill _ for erecting Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, ii the Town of Shaftsbury\ and for the better Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there: And that Mr. Nicholas do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Clarke, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for naturalizing Mr. Hilary Reneu, and others: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Osborne, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for erecting Work-houlbs, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

House a Bill to prevent Gaming: of Gaming.

And the same was read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn, being brought in with Penalties inserted.

Ordered, That, when the Bill shall be brought in again, there be inserted a Clause to repeal the Patent for the Royal Oak Lottery.

The House resumed the Consideration of the Bill for Eliatu the belter Discovery of Estates given to superstitious R‘vta Uses: fUperst, tio*s

And several Amendments were made, by the House, s ' to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be io-grossed>

An ingrossed Bill for the better encouraging and im- RuflU Trade, proving the Trade to Russia w'as read the Third time:

And several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Prels *, L. *, to leave out " Denizons," and insert " natural-born Subjects:"

Pr. *, L. *, to insert " Day:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to 'the Lords, and deli re their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham have Leave to go into the Leaw ot Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.,

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to For«ip whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was referred, be reterred to the Committee appointed to prepare Articles of Impeachment against John Goudelt, and others directed to be impeached.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill; solved itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thennas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Comtnitites.

Sabbat i, 30" die Aprilis; Decimo Gulielmi.

P RATERS.

ORDERED, That Mr. Kendall, Mr. Gardner, Sir Robert Danvers, Sir William Drake, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Bridges, Sir Matth. Andrews, Mr. Mr. Moor,

Mr. Fuller, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Andrew Clifford and Jeronomy Clifford Merchants, lately inhabiting in Surinam in the West Indies, was referred.

Supply Bill; Hawkers and VetlLus.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members Ordered, That the Bill to explain the Act, in the who are directed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for Seventh and Eighth Years of his Majesty's Reign, in-continuin" the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and tituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into Spices, and also upon Hawkers and Pedlars, That the tire Mints to be coined; and for the further remedying the

Vol. XIL "

1

A. 1698.

Horhby'*

Cmditora.

Supply Bill;

Lottery

Ticket*.

ilf State of the Gain of the Kingdom; lb as to give Leave for the exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Mar nufactures of Silver; be read-a Second time upon Monday Morning next

Mr. Sloane, aecordingto Order, presented to the House a Bill to vest the Estates of Joseph and Nathanael Hornby in Trustees, for the Benefit of their Creditors; and for the rendering more effectual an Agreement touching the feme: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next

A Bill for the better and more orderly Payment of Lottery-Tickets, now payable, out of certain additional-Duties of Excise, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

been intercepted, and talcen out of the Boxes, appointed for the fame, at the Door of the House;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to inquire how the said Poll-Letters came to be so intercepted, and taken away; and to consider of the bed Means to prevent the like for die future:

And it is referred to Sir Thomas Sir God-

frey Copley, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Manley, Sir Herbert Mr. Ilavcningham, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Moun-

stevens, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Ja. Ashly, Sir Mr.

Serjeant IVogan, Mr. Watlington, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir

John Bolls, Mr. Bohun, Sir John Banks, Mr. Ashly, Sir John Elzcill, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Weld, Sir Matth. An* drews. Colonel Perry, Sir Richard , Mr. Bouyer, Mr. Cox, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Wentworth, Mr. Mr.

Lawther; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Assize of Mr. Perry reported from the Committee, to whom the

Bread. Bill to regulate ani ascertain the Assize of Bread was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the ftoule; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Wednesday Morning next.

WWbome Ordered \That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to annex the Rectory of in

Herefordshire, to the Bishop rick of Hereford, be now read the Third time.

The Bill was read the Third time:

And several Amendments were severalfy proposed to be made to the Bril; v

Prefi 1. L. 28. Leave out " for ever;" and, instead (hereof, insert " daring the natural Lives of Samuel Birch, " of IVhiiborneaforesaid, Esquire, and Bridget his Wife, 41 and the longer Liver of them, and no longer

L. 32. leave out " always}" and insert " during the " time aforesaid

L. 38. after " appertain," insert " during the Time u aforesaid

Pr. last, L. last, leave out " Fifty," and insert " Sixty:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill,' with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with forne Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Lrave of Abfeuc*.

Ordered, That Mr. Richard Taylor have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Trelawny Have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Ashly have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Duties on A Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves, Stone, Glafe, an(j others, who have advanced the Sum of Five hundred Sixty four thousand and Seven hundred Pounds on Credit of the Act, made in the Sixth and Seventh Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting certain Rates and Duties on Stone, Glass, and Earthen Wares, Coals, and Culm, was offered to the House:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Privileges — M embers Letter*.

A Complaint being made to the House, That several Poll-Letters, directed to Members of the House, have 20

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, Supply Bill; to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by 1-0,1 Tax.

a quarterly Poll, for One Year,.....have Power to

receive a Clause of Appropriation of the Monies to be raised by the said Bill, and also by the Duties upon Coal and Culm.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Duty on Bill for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Coal Coal*, and Culm was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed unto by the House.

The Amendment, Fol. *, L. *, for leaving out the Duty upon inland Coals, being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tetters for the Yeas, } W.

Tetters for the Noes, }

So it was resolved so the Affirmative.

The rest of the Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, all but one which was disagreed, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, to ascertain the Measure of Coals:

And the same was twice read; and amended by the House; and afterwards, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then the Question being put. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tetters for Uk, Y^r. }.,*

Tetters for the Noes,.{£; % &, } 9».

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- Hudson'sB*/ night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company, to consider of the Bill for confirming to the Hudsons Bay Company their Privilege and Charter; and nothing to intervene.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning Nine a Clock.

10 W. III.

iw, % ' dk Mm\

Deeimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

JJJLARY Renew, Margaret Reneu, Refer Rcnga, and Mary Lflsseur, tool* thq Oaths pppoinfofo in order to their N aturalization.

Arrears of A Petition of several Personq, on behalf of themfplves, Annuitant*. and others, the Contributors and Proprietors of Annuities on the Tonage of Ships, was presented to fop Hqufe, and read; feting forth, That the Petitioners did advance the Sum of 300,0001, on the Credit of the Act of Parliament for granting several Duties upon Tonage of Ships, <§'c.; That by reason of the Regulation of the Coin, or otherwise, their Annuities, dup on or before Lady-day 1 (>96, have not been paid; and, thpugh the House hath lately provided for the Deficiencies incurred between 17th May 1696, and 17th of May 1697; yet there is no Provision made for the Arrears due at Lady-day 1696: And praying iprpe Prqvjfiop way be made for such their Arrears.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Rill for the better and more orderly Payment of the Lottery-Tickets, now payable, opt of certain additional Duties of Excise, be read the Second time.

embezzlq his Majesty's Ammunition, Sails, Cordage, and other Habiliments of War; and for preventing divers £hepts and Frauds, in fop paying of Seamen serving on board his Majesty s Ships: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolvgdx ThqJ thp B.ill be read a Second time.

Mr. Norris, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill} House a Bill for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, ^utlrs 011 Chocolate, and Spices, towards further oatisfaction of the Coffee> &c* Debt due fqp Transport-Service for the Reduction of Jrclpnd: Aqd the same was received; and read the First time.

ftgfolvetf. That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Exporting the preventing the 'Exportation of Wool to Scotland; and also for the preventing the Exportation of Fullers Earth; art ' c' is committed; have Power to receive a Clause to prevent the Exportation of Teafils.

Sir Robert Claytqn repqrjied from the‘Committee, to Sufferers at Ultofn it was rejerrpd to prepare an humble Adfo'elsj to London-be prefenp;d to Ijis Majesty, (relating to the Citizens of Ueri> Londonderry in Ireland, That they had prepared an humble Adfoefs accordingly; which t!((cy had dirpfted him to report to the lfoujp; which he read in hi* place; and atforwarfo delivered ip pt the ClerksTabfo: W'hefe foe femp w^s read; and js as follovyeth;

q* Mali.

Removing the Hay-market.

Lewen's

Estate.

Embezzlement of Naval Stores.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Streets called the Haymarket, Panton-street, Norris-street, and several other

Streets and Places adjacent, in the Parishes of Saint Martins in tire Fields and Saint James's, within the Liberty of Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, that the Petitioners are very much prejudiced in their Trades, by the great Crowds of Carts causing frequent Stops in the said Market, the feme being the great Thoroughfare to the Wdtem Road; and that they are deprived of entertaining Lodgers, so conveniently as they might be able to do, being in the Neighbourhood of Whitehall, Westminster, and Saint James: And praying Leave may be given to bring in a Rill for removing the said Haymarket to tome other more convenient Place; subject to such Duties, Rules, and Directions, as may be agreeable to an Act of Parliament lately made touching the said Market.

Ordered, That tire Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report -the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. MSir Henry Colt, Mr. Gery, Mr. Baldwin, Mr. Mr. Mount-

stevens, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. LozUher, Sir William Drake, Mr England, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Mr.

Pagitt, Colonel Lee, Mr. York, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Granv Mr. Newport, Mr. Manly, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Machell, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Ra. DelavaU, Mr. Norris, Mr. Morgan, Sir {Edward Nort'is, Sir Henry Hobart, Colonel Godfrey, Sir John Kay, Mr. Methwqn, Sir Jacob 4&tley, Mr. Janrer, Mr. tBlofeild, Mr. Gardner, -Sir Matth. ,^Ir. Pqpft-

ney, Mr* Mfftodit: And they are to meqt.fois Afternoon tat Five a Clock, in (tte:Sp^er!s., Chamber.

Mr. Bromley imported from tthe Committee, dp wfoqm

ithe jBiU for rectifyiqgifome Miftajtes, in an A&> j^ffed this SeflSoas, intituled, An Act toponblejofoi Lewen to fell certain Messuages in Southfvaak, for Payments of Debts, was committed, That they had examined ppd t.copftdared the feme; and had directed folP to.report the feme ;to the Hpufe, without any Amendment: Anfl foe (delivered, the feme in at the Clerk's Ta.biq.

Ordered, That ithe Rill he ingrossefo

jMr. Norris, according so Order, prefcpf^I jto die iHoufqa Bill for.jeuforoHig the I^vys.against ;fqch.as,(foal Vox. XII.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's mqft loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons, in Parliament assembled, having received a Petition from the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of your City of Londonderry in Ireland, setting forth their early and Angular Services and Sufferings, on the late happy Resolution, by the Securing and Defence of that City, against a long and cruel Siege: which emi-pently contributed to the destroying the Designs of the Eneriiies of jthefe Kingdoms; and shewing That thereby qot only the greatest Part of the City and Suburbs was demolished, or rendered ruinous; but also, That their Disbursements, upon this Occasion, for Fortifying, providing Arms apd Ammunition, raising and subsisting Forces, and other publick Uses, did, on a moderate Computation, amount to about Thirty thousand Pounds, besides private Losses and Charges; and that, as they had willingly exposed themselves, and their All, for the publick Interest and Service, fq they hqd patiently these Eight Years lain under their Losses, in hopes, if the War ended, to be lb considered, as they should then no longer remain a poor ruinous Spectacle to all, a Scorn to their Enemies, and a Discour'agement to other well-affected Subjects; and praying our Recommendation of their same 30 your Majesty. for your jRoyql Favour, ip' order (to ^heir^ejit^, in the King*lpm of Ireland:

, Which Petition we having duly examjned and considered, ,flo humbly conceive. That foe Allegations therein contained Are true; and that the publick Difourfements, Losses, and Damages, sustained by the Inhabitants of that vCity, are, in the Petition, v^ry mpdqratqly computed; .'and that the private Losses, bqfides, are yqry great:

That foe Services, and Sufferings of that.CJity, on this Jate Resolution, were very eminept, apa of great tCopfo-qu^npe to your Majesty's Service, anil ,'the Preservation of your Three, kingdoms; and that, ip regard thereof, foe foid City hath well deferyqfoto be considered, for the I^a* mages (n the Petition ipentioned :apd tp have some l'pe-qial Mark of your Majesty's Bounty,(for a lading MonuA ment to Posterity.

All which we do humbly represent to your Majesty;

,praying, That your Majesty, in Confifleration of what foe said jCity Jjath so, dope and undergppe, would be ^gfpqioqfly pleased to tmdfo fopie Qqmpepiktion to them lor so^ir jaijl Difourfemepts, (Losses, and jpamages, out of the Cuiioms ariiipg at the , Port that Cifo> or other-‘J-p . 3 $ ' ' "wife.

25°

2° — 3* Mail. - A. 1698.

wife, as your Majesty, in your princely Wisdom, shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Address do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Colonel John Michelburne was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, *.

.....That the Consideration of the said Petition

be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Mr. Ma-

jor-General Erie, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. King, Mr. York, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Jacob Ajlly, Sir Andrews, Mr.

Norris, Sir Henry Hobart, Sir John Kay, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Manley, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Mountstexens, Mr. Culli-ford, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Brother ton, Mr.

Egerton, Mr. Bromley, Colonel Lee, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Kirby, Mr. Papillion, Sir William Lowther, Sir Edward Norris, Mr. Lampton, Sir William Drake, Colonel Gran-ville, Sir Jo. Trevillian, Mr. Granville, Bex. Granville, Mr. Baldwyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Arbitrations, Mr. Clarke reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration, was committed. That they had made one Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 32, leave out " unto."

The Bill was read the Third time.

Refo/ved, That the Bill, with the Amendment, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Restraining Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in-

Expence of tituled. An Act to restrain the great Expence and Length aw . aits. jn Qourts of Law an(j Equity, be read the Se-

cond time on this Day Sevennight.

Prevention of Mr. Arnold, according to Order, presented to the

Gaming. House a Bill to prevent Gaming: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Exporting A Bill to explain the Act, made in the Seventh and

Watches. Eighth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act

to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Thomas Mompesson, Mr. Eari'er, Sir Hemy Hobart, Mr. Neale, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Sir Harvey, Sir El-well, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Yates, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Mr. Clark,

Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Moore, Mr. Harley, Serjeant Bond, Mr. Lowther, Sir Walter Young, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Colt, Sir Marm. Wyvell, Mr. Not'ris, Mr. Foley, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Evelin, Mr. Bertie: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Privilege. A Complaint being made to the House, That the Goods of Dr. Barbon, a Member of this House, have been taken in Execution by George Howard, a Bailiff, and John Smith and John Bunting, his Followers, in Breach of the Privilege of this House:

Mitchel-

burned

Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Complaint be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Africa* solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trad,‘ consider further of the Bill to regulate and settle the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, S* die Mail; Decimo Gulielmi.

Prate rs.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend* colcheftec ment, made by the Lords, to the Bill intituled, Chanel. -An Act for cleansing, and making navigable, the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester, to

And the lame, being twice read, is as followeth;

" Provided always, That nothing herein contained " shall be construed or deemed to prohibit the Lading " or Unlading of any Goods, at or from the late-erected " Wharf of Giles Sayer, in the Parish of Saint Gyles, in " Colchester; but that the same be and continue subject " to the Laws now in being, in like manner as if this " Act had never been made or provided

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " except as to the Duties by this Act imposed, according " to the true Intent and Meaning thereof; and Inch Itemedy for Recovery thereof, as by this Act is provided:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed upon by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Lords in the said Amendment, so amended.

Ordered, That Sir ICaac Rebow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordlliips Concurrence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committc

Sir Henry Colt reported, from the Committee, to whom Duties on the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company Leather, of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared upon the several Petitions to them referred, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; w'hich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the hearing the Petitioners, That the Collar-makers, Glovers, Bridle-cutters, and others, who taw or make Leather in Oil, Alum, or Salt, and who cut and make the Leather, they so make, into Wares, have ever used, in the Way and Practice of their Trade to fell feme of their Leather, they so make, in Skins, not first cut and made into

Wares;

ioW. III. 3° Mali. 251

Wares; but that, by this Act . of Parliament, they are restrained from so doing, under great Penalties to the very great Damage and Loss of the said Traders.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon the hearing the Petitioners, That the Collar-makers, Glovers, Bridle-cutters, and others, who taw or make Leather in Oil, Alum or Salt, cannot safely make Oath, as by this Act of Parliament they are required to do, of the true Value of the Leather by them respectively made, without Danger of perjuring themselves; by reason they buy their Skins and Pelts in divers Markets, where the Prices of Leather do frequently rile and fall.

That it appeared to the Committee, That the Persons who export the Manufactures of Leather are not always the Persons who pay the Duty for the fame; but buy the Commodities, after the Duty paid, of the several Manufacturers: By which means, upon Exportation, they cannot make Oath, that the Duty is paid; for not doing whereof, they have not the Benefit of the Drawback; and therefore cannot export their Manufactures, as formerly; and thereby in Danger of the losing of that Trade to Scotland and Ireland, if not timely prevented.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Complaints and Scruples made by the Collar-makers, Glovers, Bridle-cutters, and others, who taw and make Leather in Oil, Alum, or Salt, against the Oath, which, by virtue of this Act of Parliament, they are required to make, of the true Value of the Leather by them respectively made, are just and reasonable; and that they cannot take the said Oath, without Danger of Perjury; and that they ought to be relieved therein: Which, the Committee are of Opinion, may be done, by subjecting them to the same Rules and Methods the Tanners are now obliged to by the Act, in case of defrauding the King, by their registring the Leather at an Under-value.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the restraining the Collar-makers, Glovers, Bridle-cutters, and others, who taw and make Leather in Oil, Alum, or Salt, by this A ft of Parliament, from felling the Leather, made by them, in Skins, not made or cut into Wares, is greatly inconvenient, and injurious to their Trade; and that some Ease and Relief ought to be given them therein: Which, the Committee are of Opinion, may be done by subjecting them to the same Rules and Methods of taking out Permits or Certificates, from the respective Officers, and regUtring of their Leather in the manner the Tanners are now obliged to by the Act Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Oath to be taken upon the Drawback, cannot be safely taken by the Exporters of the said Manufactures; and therefore they ought to be relieved therein.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

Kingston A Bill for erecting Work-houses, and Houses of Cor

Work^uses re^*on> *n the T°wn of Kingston upon for the Em-or - ou e». p]0yment an(j Maintenance of the Poor there, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Of-bome. Sir John Kaye, Sir St. Quintin, Mr. stevens, Mr. Bertie, Sir Edward Seaward, Sir Dutton Colt, Mr. Morgan, Sir Massam, Sir William Lozo-ther, Sir IjaacRebow, Mr*. England, Sir Joseph Tyley, Mr. Yate-s, Sir Wm. H Mr. Pud fey, Sir IVm.

Ashurst, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Colt, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hore, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Duke, Sir Scroope Hoove, Mr. Howe, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Maudit: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Beneo's, A Bill to naturalize Hilary Reneu, Margaret Reneu,

&c. Nat, Peter Reneu, and Mary Lasseur, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir William

Ashurst, Mr. Flore, Mr Mr. Duke, Sir IVm. Lea-

ther, Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Granville, Sir Scroop Vol XII.

How, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Taylor, Mr. Bof-cawen, Sir Matth. Andrews, S r Henry Colt, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Foleu, Mr. Colt, Mr. Yor'ke, Colonel Osborne,

Air. Harrison, Sir JValterYoung, Sir Bolls, Mr.

Arnold, Sir IsaacRebow, Mr. Lampt Mr. Perry, Mr. Speake, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Mach ell, Mr. Gardner,

Sir -Robert Cotton, Mr. Philips: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers, at Five of the Clock.

Air. Harrison reported from the Committee, to Marshal of whom the Petition of Thomas Sevcar, Gentleman, was re- King'sBench. ferred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and arenas follow'; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, as by the said Petition is let forth. That by Articles, bearing Date the 25 th of November 1684, that William Lent hall Esquire, in Consideration of the Sum of 4,51, did covenant to grant and convey, unto the said Petitioner, all that the Office of Alarlhal of the Marshalseaof the King's Bench, with the Prison and Perquisites thereunto belonging, to him and his Assigns, for the Term of his Life, to commence from the Death, Surrender, Forfeiture, or other Determination, of a former Grant of the said Office, made to one Henry Glover by the said Esquire: That the said Petitioner, by the said Articles, w as obliged to pay the yearly Rent of 1,600l. by quarterly Payments; and, for the securing whereof, the Pe-tioner was to give Ten Statutes, in 1,000l. each Statute: And that in pursuance of the said Articles the said William Lcnthall did receive of the Petitioner, at the Sealing of the said Articles; the said Sum of 45/. being the Consideration-money therein mentioned; as also, at several other times, several other Sums, amounting in the Whole, to the Sum of 207 /. $s; which was in Part of the first quarterly Payment.

That the said Henry Glovers Grant being determined; and the Petitioner being with-held from the Benefit of the said Agreement, by the said Mr. refilling

to execute a Lease of the said Office, according to the said Articles the Petitioner, in April 1694; exhibited his Bill in the Court of Chancery, against the said Air.

Lcnthall, Mr. Brigges, then Alarlhal, and others, to have the Performance and Execution of the said Articles decreed to him: Upon the Hearing of which Caule, the said Air. Briggs's Counsel did insist, That these Articles could not be binding on him, b^cause he had no Notice of them at the time of his taking a Lease of the said Office; and thereupon the Court did direct a Trval at Law, upon this Issue, Whether Briggs had Notice of the Petitioner's said Articles, or not, before he had taken a Leate of the said Office; and thereupon the Petitioner obtained a Verdict against Briggs, That he had due Notice accordingly.

That, during the time the said Issue was trying at Law, an Act did pals, the lait Sessions of Parliament, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and pretended privileged Places: In which Act there is a Clause to this Efieft; That all and every Deputation or Deputations, Grant or Grants, at any time heretofore made or executed by William Lcnthall Esquire, of the Office of Alarlhal of the shalsea of the said Court of King's Bench, is and are thereby declared void, and of none Effi. ft; of which the Petitioner declared he had no Notice.: And that alter the 1 said Tryal had, and Verdict, for the Petitioner, as aforesaid, and he coming back to the said Court ol Chancery for Relief on the said Verdict, according to the Order of the said Court, the said Mr. Briggs, by his Counsel, ' ,

did insist, That the Court could not relieve the Petitioner, by reason of the said Clause; and thereupon his Bill was dismissed; and thereby is totally deprived of the Benefit of the said Articles by the said Clause.

And

*5* 3* — 4*

And it appealing to Cothfrtitte€, tfpOh the Examination of James Hoo, a Clerk of the Coart of King's Bench, and John Stanley, Attoffiies and Solicitors' in the Cause, That it had ctift hit!) at least 3, OoO /. in prosecuting the fame, both in Equity, and at cotntnot! Law; and there being no Saving of the Petitioner's Right by the said Act; the Committee dame to the Resolutfotis following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner hath made good the Allegations of his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Petitioner ought to be relieved, according to the Prayer of his said Petition.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until Friday Morning next.

Duties wf1 ' ihll for continuing the t)uties upon Coffee, Tea,

Cuflfce 4c. Chocolate, and Spices, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Recovery of Sir /Falter Young reported from the Committee, to wages. whom the Bill for the better Recovery of Wages due to Servants, Seamen, and Miners, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, all of them, but one which was difegreed, were agreed unto by the House.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

MiZh^cT?' K

So it passed in the Negative.

Maiu 1:698.

If passed in toe Negative.

Another ingrossed Clause was otifafled, as a Rider, for ascertaining the Measure of Coals:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks:

And then the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Press 1. L. 13, to leave out Tenth;" and insert " Fifteenth," mstead thereof:

Pr. , L. , after "Wood," to insert " and Cinders made of Pit-coal:'

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas lSir John \, 2 c

1 ellers for the Y eas,|^r /Vining: /125*

Teller, for the fhur"- } 84.

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to toe Order of the Day, re- Supply Bill solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Poll Tax. consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 4® die Maii; Deciino Gulielmi.

Leave of Absence.

Supply Bill;

Lottery

Ticket*.

Supply Bill; Duty on Coal*.

Ordered, That Sir St. Andrew St. John have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of hb Health.

A Bill for the better and more orderly Payment of the Lottery-Tickets, how payable, out of certain additional Duties of Excise, was read a Second lime.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowndes, Sir Marm. Wyoell, Sir John Mr. Mr.

Culliford, Sir Justin. Isham, Sir Christopher Mu/grave, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Sir Samuel Mr. Car,

Mr. Howe, Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. ‘Mr. Boyle,

Mr. Bertie, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr

Mr. Hore, Sir Edward Seaward, Mr. Yates, Sir John Kay, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Pagit, Colonel of borne, Mr. Foley, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Pad-fey, Mr. Phillips: And they are'to meet at ‘Five‘a Cloak this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves and others, -the Contributors and Proprietorsof Annuities oti the Towage-Duties, presented to the House Yesterday, be referred to ‘the said1 Committee.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to'his Majesty certain Duties upon Coals and Culm was read the Third time.

An ingrosseil Clause was offered, as a'Rider, to excuse One hundred Chaldron of Coals, payable yearly by the Town of Newcastle'to Chelsea College, ‘from* the Duty:

And the Question ‘bring put, That the ‘ Clause be received j

Praters.

A PETITION of the Grocers, Mercers, Chandlers, copper Innkeepers, Victuallers, Butchers, Bakers, and Coinage, other Inhabitants of the Borough of Newcastle under Lyne, in the County of Stafford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Quantities of Farthings and Halfpence,'now extant, are very burdenibme unto them: And praying Redress.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition lie referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers,'Cheesemongers, Mealnien, Bakers, Victual-lers, Market-people, and Retailers, in general, of the-Borough of Southwark, b Teferred: And that they do examine the Matter theredf; and report the fame, witlrtheir Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Hore reported 'from toe Committee, to whom the Davig. ingrossed Bill,‘from the Lords, intituled, An Act forveft- Eftau. ing certain cUftomary Meffueges and Lands within the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of late rthe

Estate of Thomas Davis Gentleman, deceased,*inTniftees,

to'be'fold, for Payment of Debts, was committed, That ‘they1 had examined and consideredthe fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's 'Table.

Mr. Manly reported, from the-Committee, "to whom irifo ‘the Petition of ArbhibaldLuxcrtaur, and Jacob Smith, in Arrears,

behalf of themselves, anti others, the'Soldiers-under the Command of the late Colonel Robert Bycrtmid Colonel a 5

»53

Lewen'f

Eiiale.

Supply Bill; Duties bn Coflte, See.

Duties on Leather.

Kingstou upon- lull Work-koufts-

i o W. III. 4° Maii.

Hugh Wvndkam, in the Reducing of Ireland, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz. '

' That they do find, by a Report from the Pavmasters of the Army in Ireland, That there is due to clear the Regiment to the First of April 1692, the Sum of 1,478/. i6r. 6£</,

But the Committee do not find, that the Colonels, or other Officers, have received any Part of that Ar* rear.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to prepare an Address to be presented to his Majesty, humbly to desire his Majesty, That he will please to appoint Persons to examine, how his Majesty's Orders, given upon dif-banding the Army, have been observed:

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Mr. , Sir Henry

Colt, Mr. Thornhaugh, Sir John Mr. Hore, Sir

John Bolls, Mr. White, Sir Wm. Mr. Clarke,

Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Boseawen, Sir Bucknall, Mr. Lowther, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir William Drake,

Mr. Perry, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Sand ford. Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Tho. Bamar-diston, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Brereton. Sir Mat. Andrews, Mr. Fleming, Sir Marm. Wyvell, Mr. Mr.

Morgan, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Foley, or any Five erf them: And they are to meet this. Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill to rectify feme Mistakes in an Act, lately made, intituled, An Act to enable John Lewen to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to rectify feme Mistakes in an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Lewen to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Bromley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Ten, Chocolate, and Spices.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made one Amend' ment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House resumed the further Consideration of the Report Yesterday from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company of Fell* mongers, Leather-drefiers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, was referred:

And the Resolutions of the Committee were feverafly read a Second time) and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought ia upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Lowndte, Sir Henry Colt, and Mr- Morgan, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That, in preparing the fold Bill, they do take care, that after the Duty upon Leather is paid, there be no Restraint from cutting the Leather in the Market.

Ordered, That Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hore, Mr. Sherrard, and all the; Members. that serve for the Counties of Yorkshire and Lincolnshire, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting Work-houses, . VOL.XII.

and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, was committed.

Ordered, That all the Members for the County of Sopply Billj Cornwall be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better and more orderly Payment of the Lottery-Tickets, now payable, out of certain additional Duties of Excise, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam, Mr. Arnold, be Exporting added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to explain Wtttclw»* the Act; made in the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the brining Plate into the Mints to be corned; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting Watches, sword-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver was committed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Ways and resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Mean*' consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

And Sir John Fleet, Governor of the Com- Old East-

pany, presenting to the House a Paper of Proposals, India agreed in a General Court of Adventurers, for the General Company's joint Stock to the East Indies; the feme was received; ropo a and read; and is as followeth 5 viz.

It was proposed, and agreed, in a General Court of Adventurers, for the General joint Stock to the East Indies, holden the 14th April 1698;

That, by settling the East India Company, a Loan of 700,000 I. may be made to his Majesty, on the Terms following:

That the Stock of the present Company be valued at 50 per Cent.; and that Books for taking new Subscriptions be laid open, for the subscribing of 712,6961, to make up the Stock, in the Whole 1,500,000l.

That no Person subscribe less than 100l. or more than 10,000l.

That 700,000l. be lent; and paid in Four equal Payments, in such convenient Time as shall be agreed on.

That the present Adventurers, and new Subscribers, be settled by Act of Parliament, exclusive of all others, for 31 Years; with such Powers and Privileges, as will enable them to carry on and preserve the Trade.

That the Sum of 700,000l. be repaid, with Interest, out of such Parliamentary Funds as will repay the Prin* eipal and Interest, in Years:

This may probably take Effect, according to the Goodness of the Fund, and the Encouragement given by the Act.

This is a true Extract of the Order of the said General Court.

Re. Blackbome senior.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Propofols be referred to a Committee of the whole House.

Resohed, That this House will immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Proposals.

The House resolved itself into the fold Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Air. Newport took the Chair of the Committee,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Newport reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of ffte laid Propofols.

3 T Ordered,

i^-

Bail in case*

ofMifde-

meanors.

Papers re-

spedhcg

Smugging,

Committees.

4° — -5° Mail. A, 1698.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider in Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Walter's what manner Bail hath been taken in Cafes of Misdemea- securing the Portions intended by Sir William Walter Bar Will, nors, have Leave to fit both To-night, and Tomorrow ronet, deceased, for his Children by the Lady Mary Wal-Morning. ter, his second Wife; and for preventing all Doubts which

might arise upon the Construction of the Articles, and last

The House being informed, That Mr. Aaron Smith, Will therein mentioned: And that Mr. Harcourt do pre-formerly Solicitor to the Treasury, hath in his Hands fe- pare, and bring in, the Bill, veral Papers relating to the Smuggling of Goods;

Ordered, That the said Mr. Smith da bring all the said Ordered, That leave be given to bring in a Bill for Mofcall'* Papers, in his Hands, to the Committee, who are ap- the veiling a Copperas-work, Part of the Estate of Robert Debts, pointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment against John Mascall Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Goudett, and others. Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon: And that Mr. Stockdale do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That all other Committees be adjourned.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members, Duties oa And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow who are to prepare and bring in the Bill touching the leather.

Morning, Nine a Clock. Duties upon Leather, That the Penalties in the for-

mer Act be levied, and mitigated, by the Justices of ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- ----- - Peace.

Jovis, 5* die Man;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

Supply Bill; A/fR. Norris, according to Order, reported, from the Duties on xV.JL Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Coflee, tec' for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, was committed, the Amendment made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Suppressing The House resumed the further Consideration of the House-break- Bill for the better Discovery and Suppressing of House-,rs- breakers:

And Clause A. being read a Second time, was amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Copper A Petition of several poor Colliers, Labourers, Miners,

Coinage. and others, residing in the Forest of Deane, on behalf of themselves, and several others in the adjacent Parishes, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That they, being impoverished by the great Scarcity of Silver Money, desire that they may be supplied with a more considerable Quantity of Copper Halfpence and Farthings than hitherto they have been: And praying their same may be taken into Consideration; and have Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, is referred: And that they do examine

how the said Petition came to be presented to the House; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do fit de die in diem.

Ditto. A Petition of the County of Northumberland, relating to the Copper Halfpence and Farthings; of the same Nature with the last Petition; was offered to the House: And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(^r 1

' [Mr. Bickerstaffe: / y

Tellers for the Noes,/Mr' Arnold, 1 32>

(Mr. Morgan: )

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. John Thrale, Merchant, do attend African the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Trade, iregulate and settle the Trade to Africa is committed, upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of divers Traders of the City of London, on Hammered behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the Money. House, and read; letting forth. That they having carried into the Mint, in the Tower, several Parcels of Silver to be re-coined, cannot receive it again in new Money; to their great Loss; and Discouragement of others for bringing in more: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the-Committee, to whom the Petition of Andreev Perrot, Samuel Dawson, and others, Citizens and

Inhabitants of and within the City of York, is referred;

And that the Committee do fit dedtein diem.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Garon'», Set, naturalize Peter Garon, and others: And that Mr. Gery Nat* do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Davis'Estate. for vetting certain enftomary Messuages and Lands within the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Dorset, late the Estate of Thomas Davis Gentleman, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hore do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Dif- Estate* given covery of Estates given to superstitious Uses be read tofuperfti. the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full ous House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for supplying a De- Tunier>g fest in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Edward Estate.

and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest, upon then*.' Estate, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Whitbom# this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to annex the Rectory. Reftoryof Whit borne, in i^erefordshire, to the Bishoprick of Her ford. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Colcfiefter this House, to the Amendments made by the Lords, to ChaacL the Bill, intituled, An Act for cleansing, and making navigable, the Chanel from the Heith at Colchester,. to Wivenhoo. Also,

The

Arbitration.

IO W. III. 5° M

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Turner's The House proceeded to take into Consideration the

Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir EdicardTurner, and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest, upon their Estate:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Press 9. L. 31, instead of " Welde," read " Wilde." Ordered» That Sir Eliah Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Bifoop of . sir Mattheto Andrew's reported from the Committee,

jilting 61S to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, granted by the Lord Bishop of Winchester, of a Parcel of wafta Ground in Alverstock, in the County of Southampton, for the erecting of Water-houses there, and for improving the same, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to rej)ort to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clauses A, and B.

Clause A: " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the said Lease of the said Premises, shall, at all times hereafter, be renewed by the " laid Bishop, and his Successors, at the Request, Colts,

" and Charges, of the said Thomas , his Heirs 4‘ and Assigns, at and under the like Rents and Coveuants, as are contained in the said recited Lease; the " laid Thomas Lewis, his Heirs and Assigns, paying to " the said Bishop, or his Successors, for such new Lease,

" for one Life, the Sum of Ten Pounds; if for Two " Lives, the Sum of Twenty Pounds; and if for Three " Lives, the Sum of Thirty Pounds."

Clause B: " And be it further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That there shall not be, at any time hereafter, erected or built, on any Part of the said leased " Premises, any Building or Buildings whatsoever, other " than such as shall be necessary for the working and " managing the said Water-works; And all Buildings " whatsoever, that shall be hereafter erected on the said " Premises, other than for the working and managing " the said Water-works, as iaforesaid, Sail be, and are " hereby declared to be, common Nuisances."

Prevention of A Bill for preventing of Gaming was read the Second earning.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arnold, Mr. Duke, Colonel Perry, Mr. , Sir Young,

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Br Mr. Neale, Sir Robert Clayton, Colonel Granville, Sir John Ehvell, Lord fell, Sir John Kaye, Mr. , Mr. Serjeant Bond, Lord Spencer, Sir Wm. Low Mr. Molineux, Mr. Jen~ mngs, Mr. Manly, Sir John Philipps, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Monson, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Norris, Mr. Yates, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. Bouyer, Sir Math. Andrews Mr. Stevens, Mr. Colt, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Samuel Bamardiston, Sir

Wm. Honywood, Sir Herbert Crofts, Mr./fore, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Blqfeild, Sir Fran. Massarn, Mr. Drake, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Methwin, Sir Christopher Mufgraoe, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Howe, Lord -ningsby, Mr. Ashley, Mr. Harcourt, Colonel Granville, Sir William Cowper, Sir Alarm. Wyvell: And they are to toeet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. XIL

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee, to Bail in case* whom the Consideration of the Petition of John of Mifde-

Peter Longueville, and Peter de Hearce, was referred; meanor*' and who were to consider in what manner Bail hath been taken in Cafes of Misdemeanors; That they had considered the same accordingly; and found several Precedents in the Journals, where Persons committed by this House have been bailed; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Mr. Edward Seymors Cafe, as it appears in the Journals

of the Commons.

20th November 1680.

Sir Gilbert Gerrard did acquaint the House, That he had Articles of Impeachment of high Crimes, Misdemeanors, and Offences, against Edward Seymor Esquire, a Member of this House; which he delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and were immediately read: And afterwards it was ordered, Mr. Seymor should have a Copy of the same; and make his Answer thereunto.

25th November. The Articles were read, one by one; and Mr. Seymor made his Answer to each respective Article in his Place.

26th November. It was resolved, That Mr. Seymor be impeached upon those Articles; and a Committee appointed to prepare the Impeachment, and to search Precedents concerning the committing a Member into Custody, when impeached in Parliament. '

17th December. Sir Wm. Poultn makes a Report of those Precedents from the Committee; which is not entered in the Journal;

And also, Reported the Form of the said Impeachment:

Whereupon, It was ordered, That Mr. Seymor be taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for securing his Forth-coming, to answer to the Impeachment of this House against him, until he shall have given sufficient Security to this House, to answer to the said Impeachment:

And that the Serjeant at Arms attending this House be impowered to receive Security for the Forth-coming of the said Mr. Seymor, to answer to the Impeachment of this House.

20th December. Sir Gilbert Gerrard was sent up with the Impeachment to the Lords.

23th December. The Lords font the Commons a Copy of Mr. Seymors Answer to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him.

3* Januarii. The Lords, by Message, acquaint the Commons, That Mr. Seymor had, by Petition, desired their Lordships to appoint a Day for his speedy Tryal; and that their Lordships, finding no Issue, by Replication of the Commons, think fit to give the Commons Notice thereof;

Whereupon, Mr. Seymors Answer to the Impeachment was read; and a Committee appointed to prepare Evidence against Mr. Seymor; and to manage the same at his Tryal.

8° Jan. The Lords did, by Message, acquaint the Commons, That they had appointed that Day Seven-night, for hearing the Cause upon the Impeachment of Mr. Seymor-, and that this House may reply, if they think fit.

The Parliament was prorogued the 1 oth of January.

Richard Thomson's Cafe, in the Commons Journals.

*4* Dec. 80. It was resolved. That Richard Thomfoti Clerk, be impeached, pro preaching seditious Sermons.

5* Jan.Upon the Petition of the said in

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House;

It was ordered, That the Serjeant be impowered to receive sufficient Security for the Forth-coming of the said Richard Thomson, to answer to the Impeachment of this House against him.

Then the Petition of Stephen Seignores, Rane Baudo- Bailing of vin, Nicholas Santari, and David Barrau, Merchants, P*rfon* jn Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, imp, ac

which

a,^6 5° — & Maii. 1698.

which ley upon Ac Table lift the said Report was made, was read; letting forth, That they, being in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House j and being sensible, that lying under the Displeasure thereof, is the greeted Misfortune could fall upon them; and being Merchants, and engaged in Debts, both at home , and abroad; are in Danger of being ruined, unless they may be admitted to Bail: And praying the y may be admitted to Bail accordingly.

Ordered, That the said Petitioners be admitted to Bail, to answer the Impeachments of this House: And that the Serjeant be impowered to take the said Bail.

Ordered, That each of the said Persons be bound in the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds, and their Sureties in the Sum of Two thousand Five hundred Pounds, for each; and that their Sureties be approved by this House.

Smuggling The House being informed, That Two Persons will vo-Trade. luntarily come in, and give Evidence touching the Smuggling-Trade; lb as this House will intercede with his Majesty for their Pardon, for their being concerned therein;

Resolved, That if the said Persons do make a Discovery of any thing touching the Smuggling-Trade, to the Satisfaction of the House, this House, will intercede witp his Majesty for a Pardon.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Nezvport took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair,

Mr. Newport reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move the House, That a Committee may be appointed and impowered to receive Proposals for settling the Trade to the East Indies.

Resolved, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, be impowered to receive Propofols for settling the Trade to the East Indies.

Ordered, That the Bill to vest the Estates of Joseph and Hornby's Nathaniel Hornby in Trustees, for the Benefit of their Creditors. Creditors; and for tlte rendering more effectual an Agreement touching the feme; be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committe*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Tnufcrihing Sir Rowland Gwyn also acquainted the House, That, the Journals. Upon searching for the said Precedents, they found, that many of the Books of the Journals of the House, before the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-five, are much worn, ill written, and without any Indexes.

Ordered, That all the Journals of this House, until the Year One thousand Six hundred and Eighty-five, be fairly transcribed; and Indexes made, by the Clerk, of the Journals lb transcribed, with references to the Folios of the original Books: And that it be recommended to the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury to pay the Charge thereof.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Speaker,

Colchester The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Work-houses. for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, with fotne Amendments: To which Amendments they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Alveston, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Exon

Work-houses

Sale of

Alveston

Manor.

African Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to

Trade. whom the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

SirT. Cooke'* Ordered, That the Letter formerly sent, by Sir Thomas Account. Cooke, to the Commissioners for examining, taking, and stating, the publick Accounts, which hath been, with other Things, by Order of this House, delivered to the Clerk of this House, be brought in by the Clerk Tomorrow Morning, to be read.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cooke do attend this House Tomorrow Morning.

East India The Hoqfe, according to Order, resolved itself into a Cempany. Committee of the whole House, to consider Anther of the Propofols of the East India Company.

34

Veneris, 6* die Maii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Colchafter ments, made by the Lords, to the BUI, iota- Work-house*. tuled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof:

And the said Amendments were read; and are as follow; viz.

At tire End of the Bill, add the Claulea marked A,

B, C.

Clause A: " And be it further Enacted, That in case " the said Mayor and Aldermen shall neglect or refuse to " call or hold a Court for the Electiops or Removal of " any Guardian or Guardians, Officer or Officers, for the " Space of Fourteen Days, after it shall be demanded by " the said Guardians, or the Majority of them, that then " the said Guardians, or the Majority of them, are hereby required and impowered to call and hold the said " Court, to the same Intents and Ends, and to do all " things as if the said Court had been held and called " by the said Mayor and Aldermen, as aforesaid."

Clause B: Provided always, and be it further Efi-u acted, by the Authority aforesaid, That to the end " Landlords, Under-tenants, or Occupiers of Houses,

may not escape to be rateably taxed to the said Workhouses, and also to the Poor, by letting out their " Houses in Lodgings, and other Apartments, in Farm,

" to poor People, where such Landlords either pay themselves, or are paid, out of the Poor-Rates; that every " such Landlord shall be rated, and pay towards the u find Work-houses, and also to the Poor, rateably and proportionably, as the Landlords, Under-tenants, or At Occupiers of other Houses, are or ought to be rated,

*or <do or ought to pay."

Clause C z w Be it further Enacted, That this Act, or "* any thing therein contained, shall not be conllrued to v ratify and confirm any Rates or Taxes, whereof any Person or Persons had any just Cause of Complaint bofore this Act; but that every Person shall have such " Remedy, as the Laws in force, for the Relief of the * Poor, already provide."

Clause A, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read; t

And the Question being put, That the Houfo do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It palfed in the Negative.

Clause

10 W. III. 6° Maii.

H1

Clause C bang read;

And the Qneuion being put. That the House do agree with the Loads in the same Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That a Committtee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for disagreeing to the said Amendments:

And it is referred to Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir Fran. Alassam, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir , Serjeant Bond,

Mr. Colt, Sir JVm. Drake, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mr. Mason, Sir JVm. Lozcther, Sir John Kay, Mr. Travers, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Al Mr. Fleming, Mr. Bromly, Mr. Manly, Sir Tho. Mr. Clark,

Mr. Fuller, Mr. Gardner, Mr. Osborne, Sir Mr. Norris, Sir Matth.Andreics, Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Sir Ra. Delavall, Mr. Perry, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Fuller-, or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Marshal of Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to King'sBench. whom the Petition of M r. was referred, be taken

into Consideration To morrow Morning: And that the Report from the Committee, to whom the Prison- Bill was committed, be then made.

Wiredrawers A Bill for the settling and adjusting the Proportions of Trade. line Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wire-drawers; was read a Second Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Henry Hobart, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Boscazren, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Arnold, Sir John Bucknail, Mr. Clark, Mr. Bohun, Mr. j Farrer, Sir Rowland GuSir JVm. Lout her. Sir Henry

Goodrich', Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Manley, Sir Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Maudit, Sir Edward Ayscough, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Samuel Colonel Osborne,

Mr. Yates, Sir John Kaye, Sir Scroop Howe, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Monckton, Sir JVm. Mr. Battis-

combe, Mr. Jennings, Sir JVm. Quintin, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Gery, Mr.

Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Mr. Staynes, Mr.

White, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Mountstevens, Sir Andrews, Mr. Sherrard, Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Bolls, Mr.

Moore-, and all.....for London, Kent, and

Norfolk; And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bail of Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had, by

Persons the Hands of the Serjeant at Arms attending the House, impeached, received from jyjr. Seignores, Mr. Baudovin, Mr. San-tari, Mr. Di Ilearce, Mr. Longueville, Mr. and

Mr. Barr an, a List of Persons, proposed by them to be their Sureties: Which was read; and is as followeth;

For Messieurs Seignores, Baudovin, and Mr. Robert Lancashire Merchant Mr. JVm. Shepphard Goldsmith.

Mr. John Hulls Pewterer.

Mr. Peter Gray Gentleman.

Mr. Noah Houssay Merchant.

Mr. Isaac Barnard wholesale Haberdasher.

For Mr. Peter Di Ilearce.

Mr. William Pate Draper.

Mr. Thomas Payne Goldsmith.

Mr. Claudius Denize Gentleman.

Mr. John James David Merchant Mr. Edward Harris a Packer.

For Mr. Peter Longueville.

Mr. David Prole Merchant

Mr. Nicolas Tow-ton Merchant

Mr. Samuel GuigMerchant

Mr. John Core Clothworker.

Mr. Henry Barnsley Packer.

For Messieurs Goudet and

Thomas Garraway Esquire. Mr. Daniel Matet Merchant Mr. Peter Paget a Drajier.

Mr. John Baptist Peters Attorney.

Vo l. XII.

Mr. William Murray Merchant Mr. Edward Harris a Packer.

Mr. David Bosanqmtt Merchant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Lift he referred to the Committee, who are to prepare Articles of Impeachment against the said Persons; and to report to the House, which of the said Persons shall be Sureties.

A Petition of several Landlords of Suffolk Place, Suffolk Place within the Parish of Saint George, Southwark, in the Southwark. County of Surrey, in the Name of themselves, and the rest of the Landlords of that Place, was offered to be presented to the House:

And the Question being put, That the hud Petition be received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

55*

28.

Tellers for the Yeas fMr' Harcourt>

tellers for the *eas,^Mr

Tellers for the Noes, j Sr' r®*'

[Mr. l'arrer:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Petition was received, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act of Parliament, passed against the Corrupt tion3 of Prisons, and pretended privileged Places, it was made lawful for Sheriff's Officers to break open Doors, in order to execute any Process; and the Penalty of refilling an Officer, 501. Pillory, and Imprilbmnent; and in case of a Rescue, 500l. or Transportation: LTpon which, all the Inhabitants of the Place have deserted; and none will, for the Reasons aforesaid, inhabit there: So that some Thousand per Annum remain uninhabited: And praying, That Power of breaking open Housee/may be taken away.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: Anti that they do examine the Matter of Faff; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Harley, Mr. Colt, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bickerstafe, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Arnold, Sir Hairy Hobart, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir Isaac Rebow, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir Edward Emty, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Baldu-yn, Sir Fran. Alassam, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr; Thompson, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Boztyer, Mr. JenningSf Mr. Gardner, Mr. Rozcney, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Mr. Foley, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Brofeild, Sir Samuel Barnardiston: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mr. Alanley reported, from the Committee, to whom hedging; the Petition of Robert Ledgingham Merchant, was re- ham s shiPA ferred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; Pumps-and the Resolution erf the Committee thereupon; which, he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at then Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as fok loweth; viz.

That the Committee thought it for their Service tw have the Judgment of Trinity-house, upon the Petitionee'*

Invention of a new Pump, and other Engines, mentioned in the Reprefeatation annexed to his Petition; and accordingly ordered them to iufpefst the Petitioner's Draughts, and Models, and to make an Experiment; and report their Opinion thereof to the Committee:

Pursuant to which Order, the Members of

house did report, in Writing, to the Committee, That they had made an Experiment of the Petitioner's laid1 Inventions.

But the said Report not being in favour of the Petitioner's new-invented Hand-Pump, he defured to be beard touching the feme:

Mr. Ledgingham said. That the Brethren of Trinity-house had not inspected his Draughts; and that Captain Wright, who was appointed by them to manage the Experiment, obliged him, under his Hand, to make his Hand-pump of certain Dimensions, that lie might cause

3 U another

258 6° Mali.A. 1598.

Ledging- another of the like Dimensions to -be made, for the Ser-ham'* Ship- vice of Trinity-hottse, to prove the Experiment; and de-Pumps. fned the Petitioner not to vary, because a true Judgment might be given upon the Operation between them.

That the Petitioner made his Hand-pump accordingly: but, when the Trial came to be made Captain Wright had not pursued the Agreement; the Chain-pump prepared by him being of larger Dimensions; and, besides, had an Addition borrowed from the Petitioner's Invention: So that when Six Men employed to work the said Chain-pump, against the Petitioner's Hand-pump with Two Men, the Six Men could not work above two Minutes and a Half; whenas two Men could have wrought the Petitioner's Hand-pump an Hour: That the Petitioner desired, that the Chain-pump might be wrought half an Hour, but the Men could not Hand it.

Captain Tho. Graces said, That Mr. Ledgingham demanded of Captain Wright, that the Men at the Chain-pump might work it half an Hour, against his Hand-pump, the better to experiment the fame; but he refused to let them; for no other Reason, as he believes, but that the Men were not able to hold it longer than Two Minutes and an Half; though Two Men might have wrought Mr. Ledgingham's said Pump an Hour.

That he was on board the , when the

Experiment w-as made between Mr. Ledgingham's Hand-pump, and the common Hand-pump set up by

house; and that the common Hand-pump, in Five Minutes and an Half, filled a Cistern, containing Tw o Tuns and Four Gallons of Water, within half an Inch; and Air. Ledgingham's Hand-pump filled the same Cistern in Four Minutes and Three Quarters.

That Captain Graves took the Dimensions of those Pumps; and the Bore of the common Hand-pump exceeded Mr. Ledgingham's Half an Inch in the Diameter, in the Chamber of the Pump; besides Two Inches in the Neck of the Brake, or Handle.

That the Force-work of the said Hand-pump is of great Ule for extinguishing Fire, without the Help of Buckets, either aloft or below.

Mr. Stokes said, That he made Mr. Ledgingham's Hand-pump, and took the Dimensions of that and the Chain-pump, which w rought against it, and which exceeded die Dimensions of the Hand-pump: That the Cliain-pump was new, and made with a Brass Roll, not formerly tiled with the old common Chain-pumps.

That there was on board the , when the

laid Experiment was made, an old common Chain-pump, which was not tried against Mr. Ledgingham's Hand-pump, though Air. Ledgingham objected against the Use of the new' Chain-pumps.

Captain Lucas said, That he wfas on board the Southampton, when one Mr. Ogden was letting up the Chain-pump; by Order of Trinity-house, that wrought against Mr. Ledgingham's Hand-pump; and, observing that there was a Brass Roll to it, which was not usual to the common Chain-pump, the Informant told Air. Ogden, That he made use of Mr. Ledgingham's Invention, and over-leathered his Pump; To which he answered, He wrought according to his Directions.

That, on the 31 ft of March last, he was on board his Majesty's Ship the Winchester, and saw an Experiment made between an old common Chain-pump, and Mr.

Ledgingham's new' Chain-pump, both fixed at an equal Height; and the common Chain-pump, at one Spell, with fix Men, filled a Cistern of Two Tuns Four Gallons, in Three Minutes and an Half and One Eighth of a Minute; and Mr. Ledgingham's Pump filled the same Cistern in Two Minutes an Half and One Eighth, at one Spell,

with four Men; but the Bore of Mr. Ledgingham's Pump was half a Quarter of an Inch wider in the Diameter than the common Chain-Pump: And that Captain Wright, Captain Saunders, Mr. Miller, Mr. Hardeng, and others, law this Experiment made.

That he conceives Mr. Ledgingham's Invention of the Plug, for cleansing the Sucker of the Pump, is of very greatService; for that it may be done in any Weather, 20

in Two Minutes time, without hoisting up the Pump; which otherwise could hot be done in a much longer time, and with a great deal more Trouble and Hazard, especially in Storms, or time of Fight.

Air. James Wass Surgeon, said, That he believes the Stench of the Bilgewater, in the Hold of a Ship, contributes much to the Sickness and Mortality of Seamen; and that Air. Ledgingham's Invention of an Air-pipe* for conveying Air into any Part of a Ship, will greatly prevent those Inconveniencies; for that he has often observed, when sick Men have been removed from the Lower to the Upper-deck, they have loon alter amended; which he attributes chiefly to the more wholesome Air.

Air. Robinson, late Surgeon to the Lord Berkley, and Sir George Rook, and now to Sir Cloudesly s Marine

Regiment, said, That he went to see the Experiment made of Air. Ledgingham's Air-Pipe; and thinks it very useful and necessary, for the Preservation of Seamens Health and Lives.

That he wrought Air. Ledgingham's Hand-pump with one Hand, with much Eale, and thinks it much better than the common Iland-pump; and if he goes to Sea again, as he thinks he shall next Year, he will be at the Charge of one of them himself, together with the Air-pipe, rather than to go without; for that he should lave the Charge thereof in the Expence of his Medicines; the Stink of the Bilgewater being undoubtedly very unhealthful.

Air. Emery Surgeon, said. That lie saw the said Air-pump experienced; which will convey Air into all Parts of a Ship; which must he a great Means to preserve the Health of the Seamen from the unwholesome Stench of the Bilgewater: That the common Way of letting in fresh Water, by making a Hole in the Hold of the Ship, to purify the Bilgewater, is often very dangerous, and cannot he done where Ships are lheuthed: So he thinks the Air-pipe much safer, and better for that Purpose; or than the Use of Wind-fails.

That it was admitted, by several Alembers of Trinity-house, That the Petitioner's new invented Chain-pump is much better, and more useful, than any other Chain-ppmps heretofore used.

And it appeared to the Committee, by his Majesty's Royal Letters Patents under the Great Seal, That his Majesty has been graciously pleased, for Encouragement of the said Inventions, to grant the foie Benefit and Use thereof to the said Air. Ledgingham, for the Term of Fourteen Years; about Four Years whereof are past, the said Air. Ledgingham having, hitherto, made no Advantage of his said Inventions, but been at great Expence and Trouble in bringing the same to Perfection.

And that, upon the whole Alatter, the Committee came to the Refblution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Inventions of the Petitioner's Chain-pump, and Hand-pump, may be of great Use and Benefit to Navigation; and deserves the Favour and Encouragement of this House.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Inventions of the Petitioner's Chain-pump, and Hand-pump, may be of

?reat Use and Benefit to Navigation; and deserves the avour and Encouragement of this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of the said Invention: And that Air.

Manley, and Air. Bertie do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford Supprefllnp and Mr. Pitt: Profouewfe,

Air. Speaker, 1 c‘

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual suppressing of Blalphemy and Pro-faneness, with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An

io W. III.

6* Mali

259

Bishop of

"Winchester's

Leafing.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, granted by the Lord Bishop of Winchester, of a Parcel of waste Ground in A her stock, in the County of Southampton, for the erecting of Waterworks there, and for improving the same, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Matthew Andrews do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

5irT.Cooke's The Clerk, according to Order, having brought in Accounts. the Letter from Sir Thomas Cooke, to the Commissioners for taking and stating the publick Accounts; the same was opened and read; and is as followeth;

Tower of London, August the 31th, 16954 Gentlemen,

The Ad, made the last Session of Parliament, confin- . ing me to remain in Custody, in the Tower of London, without Bail or Mainprize, until the End of the next Sessions of Parliament, unless sooner discharged, has thereby incapacited me to wait upon you: Therefore I did, on the 28th Instant, by Letter, earnestly intreat, That you would give yourfolves the Trouble to receive from me me Account of the Distribution and Disposal o! several Sums of Money, which another Act, made in the said Sessions, directed me to discover unto you, upon Oath, on or before the lit ft of September next; and allb im-pouered and required you to examine me thereupon: And having an Answer to my Letter, That I should hear from you within the Time limited by the said Act, I have been constantly expecting when you would pleal'e to take my Diltovery and Examination: But it being now Saturday the 31 ft August, and not having heard from you, I am necelfitated to fend you the inclosed Discovery, upon Oath, pursuant to the Ad; because, other-wile, I am in Doubt, whether I can reap the Benefit granted me by the said Act, upon such my Discovery, unless I do what in me lies, to answer the Intent thereof.

I remain

Your obedient and

humble Servant,

P. S. Having just written the foregoing, I have since received your Answer, That you have considered of my Letter, of 2$th Instant; and don't think fit to examine me.

Tho. Cooke.

Sir Thomas Cooke Knight, maketh Oath, That the annexed Accounts of Sixty-seven thousand and Thirty-one Pounds Eighteen Shillings and Two-pence, Ninety thousand Pounds, and Ten thousand Two hundred Fifty-eight Pounds, are a true and full Discovery, to the heft of his Know lege, how, and in what Manner, and so what Person or Persons, and to what particular lifts, Intents, and Purposes, and on what Account, the Sums of Sixty-seven thousand Pounds, Ninety thousand Pounds, and Ten thousand Two hundred Fifty-eight Pounds, have been diliributed, paid, applied, disposed, or made use of; which Discovery is in pursuance of an Act of the last Session of Parliament, relating to the said Sums.

Tho. Cooke.

Jurat' 31° die Augusti 1695.

coram me.

Lucas.

The 03th of Ap 1695.

A true tied full Discovery, upon Oath, made by Sir Thomas Cooke, to the heft of his Knowledge, how, and in w hat Manner, and to what Person or Persons, and to what particular Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and on w hat Account, the Sum of Sixty-seven thousand Pounds, and the Sum of Ninety thousand Yot, XII.

Pounds, have been diliributed, paid, applied, dif- sirT.Cookrt posed, or made use of; which Discovery is in Accounts, pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament; viz.

1. i.

Delivered to Fran. Tyssen Esquire,"!

several Tallies for 10,000l. for the spe-> 16,000 ——

cial Service of the Company - -J To Interest and Allowance due for the said Tallies, till the same were repaid me....

To Mr. Richard Alton, to defray' the Expences of himselfj and for his Friends soliditing to prevent a new Set- I demerit of an East India Company, and, ) to endeavour the Establishment of the

old -.....J

To ditto," for Interest of the Money,! and Gratuity for Bis Pains, more -J To Mr. Nath. Molineux Merchant,

For himself, and Friends soliciting the Company's Affairs, to prevent a new Company, and to establish the old, 310 Guineas -To Charges on the Saltpetre, and for the Tallies, arid other Expences -To Francis Tyssen Esquire, for the Service of the Coriipany -To what I find, by my Notes of*

Memorandums, is charged to myself,

100 Guineas -

To Sir John Chardin, for several Expences and Services in the Company's Affairs ——

To Paul Docminique Esquire, for so-" liciting the Company's Affairs, to prevent a new Company, and to establish the old - - - -I

To Captain John Germain, in Consideration of Loss he had by India Stock, and on his Promise to come into the Company's Interest, 350 Guineas -

To Colonel Fitz-Patrick, for the Ser-

vice done the Company, by his Solicitation for a new Charter, One thousand Guineas - -

To Charles Bates Esquire, on the same Account, Five hundred Guineas -

To Sir Bazil Firebrace, in Recom-' pence of his Trouble in prosecuting the Company's Affairs, and in Consideration of other Losses he had fullained by neglecting his own Business, and by not engaging himself with the interloping Ships

To said Sir Bazil, for. 50 per Cent.'

Loss on 10,0001. Stock I was obliged to accept of him, at‘ 150/. per Cent. being on the Company's Account To ditto, for a like Lois of 50 per Cent. 9,000l. Stock -To ditto, for a like Lois of 50 per Cent, on 8,000l. Stock To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 7,0001. Stock To ditto, for a like Lois of 50 per\

Cent, on 6,000 /. Stock - - -J

To ditto, for a like Lois of 50 per\

Cent, on 5,000l. Stock -J

To ditto, for a like Loss of 50 per Cent, on 4,000l. Stock

To ditto, for a like Lot's of 50 per\

Cent, on 1,000l. Stock - - -J

To ditto, for a like Lois of 50 per\

Cent, on 6,000 /. Stock - - -J

To ditto,' for a like Lola of 50 per Cent, on 4,000 /. Stock - -

597 8 id

10,000 ——

2,000 ——

338 7 6

164 16 10

250 ——

109 3 4 220 ——

350 ——

382 1 8

1,091 13 4 545 16 8

10,060 -

5,000 — —

4,500 ——

4,000 — —

3,500 ——

000 ——

2,500 ——

2.000 ——

50o ——

3.000 ——

2,000 —

T®

Wr T. Cook* Accounts

«6o

To the Attorney-General, for his great Trouble and Pains about the Charters, and other Affairs relating to the Company, 500 Guineas -

6° M

£ s.

545 16 8

To the Solicitor-General, on the' same Account, 200 Guineas To Mr. Sambtvoke, Ac. for Charges

in passing the laid Charters

A % 169S.

/» ft

218 6 8 218 6 8,

£ 67,031 18 2

The 23th April 169 5.

Aar ACCOUNT of the Disposition of the Ninety thousand Pounds mentioned in the said Bill, which was for East India Stock bought of several Persons, for Account of the East India Company; as by the Par-

ticulars below appears; viz.

OfMr. Robert Marshall -Of Ralph Marshall Esquire Of Mr. Abraham Wilmer Of Mr. John Bladder -OfMr. Wm. Sheppard -Of Sir Salathiel Lovell -Of Paul Docminique Esquire -Of Mr. John Dubois -OfMr. Robert Lancashire OfMr. Vincent Sheppard OfMr. Fran. Gosfright -Of Frederick Herne Esquire Of Captain Jonathan Andrews Of Sir Thomas Grantham Of John Perry Esquire -

Of Mr. Richard Munford OfMr. Samuel Ongley, &c. -

Of Richard Mounteney Esquire Of Mr. Gabriel.Glover -»

OfMr. Thomas Powell -

£ s. d. £ s. d.

4,066 10 " 3,659 17 —

2,033 5 — 1,829 18 6

5,760 17 6 5,184 15 9

1,016 12 6 914 *9 3

6,777 10 — 6,099 ‘5 —

1,016 >2 914 19 3

1,355 10 — 1,219 19 —

2,033 5 1,829 18 6

6,777 10 — 6,099 15 —

3,8*8 3,388 15 15 > Which cost I 3.049 3.049 17 17 6 6

5,422 — — 4,879 16 —

677 15 — 609 19 6

1,694 7 6 1,524 18 9

3,388 15 — 3,049 17 6

4,744 5 — 4,269 16 6

>9-654 15 — 17,996 1 5

3,300 — — 2,970 — —

5,500 — — 4,950 — —

17,200 — - — > 15,695 — —

£99-97 ----- ----- Stock-cost £89,799 111

For Provision, <§*c. of the said 99,197/. Stock, only computed at 200l. 18s. i</.1

to make up the 90,000 - -J 20101

£ 90,000 ——

The 23th of April 1695.

A true and full Discovery upon Oath, made by Sir Thomas Cooke, to the best of his Knowledge, how, and in what Manner, and to what Person or Persons, and to what particular Uses, Intents, and Purposes, and on what Account, the Sum of Tea thousand Two hundred fifty-eight Pounds hath been distributed, paid, applied, disposed, or made use of; which Discovery is in pursuance of an Act of this present Session of Parliament; the said 10,258/. being the Remainder of the 77,258/. mentioned in the said Act.

To Sir John Trevor, for New-yearsl Gifts, and other Kindnesses, 500 Gui- > neas - - - -J

To Sir Joseph Heme, disposed of fori the Service of the East India CompanyJ To Loss on 700l. East India Stock" - Mr. Harcourt bought of Mr. Tho. Laves, at 1401.per Cent.] and afterwards desired me to fell Part of it agai n for him, being then about the same Price; which I undertook to do, upon his Order to me in Writing; but omitting the fame, through hurry of Business, in the Company's Affairs, I made good the Loss to him, in the Year 1693; which amounted to

To Charles Bates Esquire, on passing the Charter of Restoration, which was done about the 7th of October 1693, Two thousand Guineas

To ditto Bates, on passing the Char-

ter of Regulations, which was done about the 11th of November 1693, Three thousand Guineas -

£ 9. d,

545 16 8

891 15 —

To Monies, whereof I gave an Account, in the Account of the 67,000 /. distributed ——

The above Account is all the Sums' disposed of, that I know of; as for the Remainder of the 10,258/. being 3,18.5/. 13$. 6d. I know not of its coming to my Hands, unless might be for Allowances, or Interest, for Monies advanced for the Company's Use, or by their Order; and for several incident Charges and Expences in the Company's Affairs -

Neither do I remember, or believe, That any Part of this Sum was given for Solicitation in Parliament, or procuring a Charter, or any other such-like Occasion.

9.

31 18

3.185 13 6

£ 10,258 ——

144 1* —

2,183 6 8

3,275 — -

And I do hereby further declare, That none of the said Sums of 67,000l. or 10,258 /. which came to my Hands, hath, to my Knowledge, been kept or detained for my own- Use.

Gentlemen,

The foregoing being a true and full Discovery upon Oath, to the best of my Knowledge, of the Distribution and Disposal of the several Sums of 67,000l. 90,000l. and 10,258/. as the Act directs, will, I hope, give sufficient Satisfaction: But, if any Persons, charged therein, should object to any Part thereof, or any other should be ready to think, or say, That I know of more than I have put down, I humbly desire Liberty to give my Answers to any Objections, before Reflections are call upon me; not doubting, but that- 1 shall be able to make it

appear

SirT.Cooke'*

Accounts*

ioW.III. 6° — 7* Mali. 26 r

appear plain and evident, That I have dealt justly and faithfully, in every Particular, to the best of my Knowledge, to comply with the said Act; and therefore hope, upon the Perufel and Examination of the Account, and Persons therein charged, it will be found to be lo just and true, in every Part thereof, that I may reasonably expect to have that severe Censure and Punishment taken off, which I now lie under, and to be released from the Penalties laid upon me by the Act for my Imprisonment; which, as my Circumstances have been, by what I have suffered from those who have taken Occasion, by this my Misfortune, to blast my Credit and Reputation, as well in my Correl'pondencies Abroad, as in my Affairs at Home, have had a natural Tendency to the utter Ruin of myself and Family; and how tar the same will be effected, Time only can evidence: But that which yet makes my Burden yet more insupportable is, the Displeasure of both houses of Parliament, which I am still so unhappy as to lie under: However, I leave all to the Divine Providence to direct herein, and thall submitwith Patience; having this Support to my Mind, That what 1 did, in disposing of that Money, was faithfully designed for the Bern fit of the East India Company, and the preserving

the Trade to the Nation, without Intention of giving Offence to any; and not One Peny thereof ever fraudulently converted to my own Use.

And I do, on this Occasion, humbly crave Leave to take notice, that it is generally reported, That Sir Bazil Firebrace, on his Examinations, did allege, I had a double Account; one made up with the Five thousand Guineas above mentioned, and another without; which Allegation hath been interpreted, as if the Account of the Discovery of the 67,000 /. was drawn out two Ways; and that I contrived thereby to stifle the Parliament's Inquiry: In Answer whereunto, I do solemnly declare, and am ready to make Oath, That I had no other Account of the Disposition of the 67,000l. than that which 1 gave in to the Right Honourable the Committee of both houses; But I was then ready to have given in the Account of the 10,258/. both as to Persons and Sums, as is specified above, if I had been thereunto required; which, I thought, I could not properly do to the said Honourable Committee; the Act of Parliament, which appointed them to take my Accounts, extending, as I humbly conceived, only to the 67,000l. But the said Honourable Committee having, after several Days time, gone through with their Examinations, and making Report thereof to the Honourable House of Commons, Saturday the 27th April, I did, on Monday following, by a Letter to the Honourable Speaker, oiler to make a Discovery of the 10,258/. pursuant to the Act; and humbly requested, That the Commissioners of Accounts would please, that Night, or the Morrow Morning, to fend for and interrogate me thereupon; which not being as yet done, is the Occasion of this present Trouble.

And whereas I am informed, It is laid to my Charge, That Mr. Richard Acton should say. He had given me an Account to whom he distributed the Ten thousand Pounds I charged him with, in my former Account; I do humbly crave Leave to add the following Copy of an Affidavit, made before Sir Will the 30th April

1695, occasioned by his hearing of the like Report j

viz.

Which Affidavit of..... conceive, clears me of that

Imputation, and corroborates what I answered at my Examination; viz.That I did not know who Mr. Acton employed in the Distribution of that Money.

I do further humbly beg you will also please to take notice, That the several other Persons charged, in my Account of the 67,000l. to have received any Monies, who have been examined thereunto by the said Honourable Committee, do, all of them, as I am informed, upon their Oaths, acknowlege the Receipt thereof; and declare to the same Purpose as I before had done in my Examination; which, I persuade myself, will, in due time, take off that severe Censure I have lain under, as if I had not answered with that ingenuity and Truth, as becomes one w'ho is speaking upon his Oath.

All which Premises, being seriously considered, I hope will, and I humbly intreat that they may, effectually prevail with you to represent to both Houses of Parliament,

That I have, to the utmost of my Power, complied w'ith the Intent and Meaning of the said Act; and that you w ill be pleased, in Answer to this my humble Request, to intercede with them, upon their next Meeting, to take my unfortunate Condition into their compassionate Consideration; and to give me such Relief as in their great Wisdom shall be thought meet; it being my firm Resolution, humbly to cast myself upon the publick Promile and Faith of both Houses, and to rely thereupon for my Security.

Ordered, That the said Letter do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

The House being informed, That Sir Thomas Cook attended, according to Order;

Ordered, That he be discharged from further attending.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to a Bill, intituled, An Act for Hereford erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Work-houses, Heres ord, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there, with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for repairing the Birdlip Highways from the Tow n of Birdlip, and the Top of Roads. Crickley-hill, in the County of Glouc, to the City of Gloucester, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Ways and Committee of the whole House, to consider further of " ean*‘

Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; w'hich they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Richard Acton maketh Oath, That whereas he is informed, That there are Reports, as if this Deponent should depose, before the Honourable Committee of Lords and Commons, That the Account of several Sums of Money he disbursed to several Persons, and whereof he gave in the Particulars to the said Honourable Committee, was, by this Deponent, given to Sir Thomas Cooke; this Deponent doth solemnly declare, upon his Oath, That he never gave Sir Thomas Cooke an Account of the Distribution of the said Money, or any Part thereof; and if it be suggested. That he did fey any thing otherwise before the said Honourable Committee, he either misunderstood the Question, or was misapprehended in his Answer.

Vox,. XII.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 7* die;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

/ORDERED, That Mr. Foley, Mr. Machell, Mr. Wire-draw- Cooper, Mr. Bradshaw, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. ers Trad*.

3 X Shackerly,

Caine Writ*

Exporting Wool, Fullers Earth,. See.

Copper

Coinage.

Assize of Bread.

Caron's, Ac. Nat.

Foreign Luf-tnsx %

Preventing £alfe Election Returns,

Wire-drawers Trade.

Hereford

Work-houses.

6$ 70 Maii. A. 1698.

Shackerly, Sir Mann. Wyvel/, Mr. Tadded

to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers; was committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Caine, in the County of JVilts, in the room of George HungerJ'ord Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the preventing the Exportation of Wool to Scotland is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records: And that they have Power to receive a Clause, to prevent the exporting of Clay.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions concerning the Copper Halfpence and Farthings are referred, be received upon Tuesday Morning next, in a full House.

Ordered, That^ the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Assize of Bread was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Gery, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for naturalizing of Peta' and others: And

the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next

The Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was referred, as touching the Evidence against John» being again

read;

Resolved, That the said John Peirce is guilty of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That the said Joh Peirce be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making more eft'eftual an Act, made in the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the VTth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament, and also to prevent double Returns: And that Sir Henry Colt and Sir Marmaduke Wyvcl do prepare, and bring in,

the Bill.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Art and Mystery of drawing and flatting of Gold and Silver Wire, and making and spinning of Gold and Silver Thread and Stuff, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; feting forth, That they being informed of a Bill depending, for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Gold and Silver Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers; and being sensible not only their Trade, but many thousand Families, will be concerned in the Consequences thereof, if passed into an Act: And praying to be heard to such Matters as they have to offer.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses within the City of Hereford, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there:

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. (). L. 41, leave out from " notwithstanding," to

and/' in L. 3. Pr. 10.

Pr. 12. L. 5, leave Out from " given," to and, " in Pr. 13. L. 5.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for repairing the Highways from the Town of Birdlipp, and the Top of Crickley-hill, in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed uuto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. #, L. , after " Meadow," add " or Avenue to " a House."

Ordered, That Mr. Trye do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Downton, in the County of 1 Tilts, in the room of Sir Charles Raleigh Knight, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Marleborough, in the County of Wilts, in the room of William Daniell Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Eye, in the County of Suffolke, in the room of the Honourable Charles Cornwallis Esquire, now called up to the House of Lords.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant tt> the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Derby, in the County of De"by, in the room of John Bagnold Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Alveston, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Stockdale, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Clerk, be added to the Committee, *.

A Bill to vest the Estates of Joseph and Nathaniell Hornby in Trustees, for the Benefit of their Creditors; and for the rendering more effectual an Agreement touching the fame; was, according to Order, read the Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

A Petition of Edmund Bolter Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he having petitioned this House, to be heard against the Bill for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing of Escapes; the same was referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed; but, the Committee having proceeded so far in the Bill, they could make no Alterations therein: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, at the Bar of the House, before the same doth pass; or that the said Bill may be recommitted.

Ordered,

Birdlipp

Roads.

Downton

Writ

Maryborough Writ

Eye Writ

Derby Writ,

Sale of

AlveQon

Manor.

Committee

added.

Hornby's

Creditors.

Escapes of Debtors.

Leave of Absence.

Bail of Persons impeached.

Supply Bill;

Lottery

Tickets.

Ways and Means.

IO W. III. 7* — 5

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report of the said Bill be made.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock: And that the Report upon the Petition of Mr. Sevear, relating to the said Bill, be then taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Haynes have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Holmes have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Gardiner have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Rowland Gwynreported from the Committee appointed to consider of the Lift of Sureties proposed by Mr. Seignores, Mr. Baudovin, Mr. SaMr. Diharce,

Mr. Longucville, Mr. Goudet, and Mr. Barrau, That they

had considered of the same accordingly; and had directed him to report to the House the Sureties they approved of; for the said Mr. Seignores, Mr. Mr. San-

tini, Mr. Diharce, Mr. Longue &c. Two for each of theni, and one of those proposed for Mr. Goudet; but that they did not approve of any of the rest proposed for the said Mr. Goudet nor any of those proposed for the said Mr. Barrau: Which the said Sir Rowland Guyn read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'6 Table;. Where the same was read: and are as follow; viz.

Mr. Robert LanchashireMerchant, Mr

Goldsmith, to be Sureties for Mr. Seignores:

Mr. John Hulls Pewterer, Mr. Peter Gray Packer, for Mr. Baudovin:

Mr. Isaac Bernard, W. S. Haberdasher, Mr. Noah Housaye Merchant, for Mr. Santini:

Mr. Tho. Payne Goldsmith, Mr. Wm. Pate Draper, for Mr. Diharce:

Mr. David Prole Merchant, Mr. Nicholas Tourton Merchant, for Mr. Longucville:

Mr. Peter Paget Draper, for Mr. Goudet.

Ordered, That the Sureties for the said Mr. Seignoret, Mr. Baudovin, Mr. Santini, Mr, Diharce, and Mr.

Longucville, be approved.

Ordered, That the same Committee do approve the Bond to be entered into by the said Persons, and their Sureties.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Goudet and Mr. Barrau do propose other Sureties for them to the said Committee.

Mr. Loamds reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better and more orderly Payment of the I,ottery-Tickets, now payable, out of certain additional Duties of Excise, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feve-'raHy put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply granted to his Majesty, over and above the Duties now payable, a further Duty be laid upon Salt.

Vol. XII.

Mail.

Resolved, That is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty be One Shilling and Eight-peace per Bushel.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Iludlbns Bay solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Company, consider of the Bill for confirming to the Hudson's, Bay Company their Privileges and Trade.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Bolls took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Bolls reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 9* die M

Decimo Gulielmi.

Pra t e r s.

pD TE R Pallet, Martin Nipoort, Francis,

Stephen Maheiu, MichaelDeCaux, Lewis Casamajor,

John Hardoven, Hido Lofting, and Paul Boucher, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sir Francis Maffam reported from the Committee ap- colehefter pointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Confer- Work-house*. ence with the|Lords, for disagreeing with their Lordships to some of the Amendments made to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work- houses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof, That they had drawn up the feme accordingly which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, with an Amendment, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

That the Commons conceive, there is Provision already made by the Bill, sufficient for the Purposes designed thereby; and that their Lordships Amendment, Clause B, is an Alteration of the Laws concerning Rates for the Poor; for which Reasons, the Commons disagree with their Lordships in their said Amendment.

The Commons difegree to their Lordships Amendment, Clause C j for that Provision is made for the fame, in the preceding Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment. J desired with

Ordered, That Sir Francis Massam do go to the Lords, Lords* and desire the said Conference.

Mr. Nicholas, according to Order, presented to the Shaftsbury House a Bill for the erecting Work-houses, and Houses Work-house*. of Correction, in the Town of Shaftsburyand for the better Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there:

And the feme was received; and read the Eirft time.

Resolved,

Duties on Leather.

Embezzle* ment of Naval Store#.

Raneu's, &c. Nat.

Debtors

Relief.

Bail of Persons impeached.

9® Mail. A. 1698.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Morgan, according to Order* presented to the House a Bill for explaining the Act for laying several Duties upon Leather; And the same was received 1 and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for enforcing the Laws against such as steal and embezzle his Majesty's Ammunition, Sails, Cordage, and other Habiliments of War; and for preventing divers Cheats and Frauds in the paying of Seamen serving on board his Majesty's Ships; was read a Second time

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Norris, Sir Henry Vane, Sir CloudeslySkovell, Sir Math.

Mr. Colt, Mr. Rydery Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Bere, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. Machell, Mr. Moyle, Sir Robert Dovers,

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Mountsteoens, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Ar-

nold, Mr. Boztyer, Mr. Maud'it, Sir Fran. fVyndkam, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Kendall, Mr. England, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Preistman, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Aylmer, Mr. Pengelly, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Gery, Mr. Holmes, Colonel Pery, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Dunmore, Mr. Bromley, M$. Fleming, Mr. Farrer, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Egerton, Sir Marm. JVyvc.ll, Mr. Battiscombe, Sir JVm. Lowther, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Vincent, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Harrison; and all that lerve for the Sea and Cinque-Ports, Admiralty, and Navy: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speakers Chamber.

And it is to be an Instruction to the Committee, That they have Power to inspect the Laws in Force, and near expiring, which are for securing and preserving his Majesty's Naval Stores; and preventing Disturbances at the Offices where Seamens Wages are stated, adjusted, or paid: And that they do report their Opinion to the House, which are lit to be continued.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Hillary Raneu and others, do insert the Names of Hillary Lasseur and Mary Dutree into the said Bill, who are at present beyond Sea; and insert a Clause for qualifying themselves by a certain time.

Ordered, That the said Committee do also insert the Names of Peter Lauze, and Peter his Son, John Amaud, James Dargent, John Nissolle, and Isaac Gervaize, Officers and Servants in the Family of employed

in the making Alamodes and Lultrings; and also a Clause for the qualifying themselves by a certain time.

ment, and fubroit to and abide the Judgment of the Lords thereupon; then this Obligation to be void; or else to remain in full Force and Virtue.

Sir Rowland Gwyn also reported from the said Com- Bail of a mittee, That they had approved of another Surety for Mr. Goudet; whole Name he read in his Place; and peac afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Rowland Gwyn also reported from the said Com- Ditto, mittee, That Mr. Barrau had not proposed any other Persons for Sureties, than what he had done before:

Whereupon the Persons Names formerly proposed were again read; and Two of them, viz. John Car and Daniel Motctt, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Im- impeach*

peachment up to the Lords Tomorrow Morning. ment of

r r ° Goudet, ice.

The House according to Order, resumed the Con- Marih&l of sideration of the Report from the Committee, to whom King's the Petition of Thomas Sevear Gentleman was referred: Bench.

And the said Report, and Resolutions thereupon, were severally read a Second time: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, the said Resolutions were agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Gery, according to Order, reported from the Escapes of Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Debtori* Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Whereupon, the Petition of Edmund Boulter Esquire, which lay on the Table until the said Report was made, was read, and taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That Mr. Boulter be then heard, by his Gounfel, at the Bar of this House, touching the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Sevear have then Leave to offer a Clause for his Relief.

Ordered, That Sir Ralph Delavall have Leave to Africa* withdraw his Petition relating to the Bill to settle the Trad*. Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the better Discovery of Solvent Prisoners Estates, and the Relief of the Insolvent: and that Mr. Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee appointed to approve the Bond, to be entered into by the Persons ordered to be impeached, That they had approved a Bond accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, with an Amendment, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Nooerint unwersi, per prasente meJohannem Goudet,

mercator, de civitat. London, teneri, jirmiter obligari, domino Regi, in decern mille libris bonce <§* legalis Anglia, soboend. eidem domino Regi, hared, vel successor,

su'is; ad quean quidem, solutionem, bene 8$fdeliter fadend. obligo me, hceredes, executor. 8$ meos,

miter, per prasentes, sigillo meo sigillat. Dat.

Whereas there is an Impeachment ordered, by the House of Commons, against the above-bound John Goudet, for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, before the Lords in Parliament; if therefore the said John Goudet shall, from time to time, appear to and answer such Impeach-14

Ordered, That Richard Dickinson have Leave also to Ditto, withdraw his Petition touching the said Bill.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Impositioa on Imposition upon the beneficial Grants, and other things Grante* therein mentioned: and the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- African solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade, consider further of the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

iow.iii.

Kingston upon-bull Work-kojfet.

Cary's

EiUte*

-Assize of Bread*

Leave of Absence.

i o® M

Martis, 10* die Maii;

Decinao Gulielmi.

Praters.

pETER Garon, JacobCoutris, Stephen Godin, James Maintru, Abraham Montfort, Peter Deny.se, David Four, Abraham De la Nenfeu Maison, Claude Baudovin, James La Caron, Matthew

Gedion Laubaraune Le Comte, Lewis Cornelius

Dennis, Theodore Solie, and JVilham Theophilus Wildigos

took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Sir William Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for erecting Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston-upon-Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Gery reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting a Moiety of certain Messuages and Lands in Hackney, in the County of , in Trustees, for the Benefit of Susannah Cary, Widow and Relict of Nicolas Cary Esquire, deceased, and others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 4. L. 7, after " Inheritance," leave out " of," and insert " and" instead thereof.

The laid Bill was read the Third time.

And another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. *. L. 42, leave out " old

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Gery do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

The House proceeded to take into further Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Assize of Bread was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them disagreed, and the Residue, with some Amendments to feme of them, were agreed unto by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewknor have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Copper whom the Petitions relating to Copper Halfpence and Coinage. Farthings were referred, be made Tomorrow.

Ordered, That Mr. Gardner, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fairer, Michel- Mr. Maudit, Mr. England, Mr. Bickerstaff', be added bourne's

to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel John ^etltion‘ Michelbourne was referred.

Ordered, That the Committee do fit in a Morning; but not after Ten a Clock.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Im- Supply Bill) position upon beneficial Grants, and other Things therein Imposition mentioned, was, according to Order, read the First Grants, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That the Serjeant Bail of at Arms attending this House, having, according to Person* Order, prepared Bonds for the Persons in his Custody, imPeacbed. who are ordered to be impeached, and their Sureties, to enter into, and had them together to enter into the lame, they had delivered him a Paper of their Objections to the Bond; which the Serjeant delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The Bail do humbly represent their Objections to the Condition of the Bond ordered by the Honourable House of Commons; viz.

That it obliges an Appearance, without arty Limitation of Time, either during the present, or any particular' subsequentSelfion of Parliament; and therefore do hope, the same will not be required by the Wisdom of the Honourable House: And likewise, That the said Condition is so penned, as seems to imply an Obligation, not only for Appearance, but also, for a Performance of the Judgment which the House of Peers may give in the present Cafe; and consequently, for the Payment of any such Sum or Sums of Money as may be thought fit to be imposed as a Fine in or by such Judgment; which they humbly conceive will not be thought reasonable, w hen the Method of Recognizances and Securities, in all other criminal Proceedings, is considered.

Now, forasmuch as the Bail are willing to enter into Bonds or Recognizances to the King, or any other Person, in the Sum required, for the Appearance of the Parties before the Lords in Parliament, at any time, and at all times, during this present Session; it is humbly hoped,

That it may be consistent with the Honour and Justice of the House, to accept such Bail or Security, with such Condition as aforesaid; especially, considering that new Security may be expected by the Hoyfe of Lords upon this Occasion.

The Prisoners, in behalf of themselves, do humbly offer, That, in case the Honourable House shall think fit to insist upon the Form of the Condition by them prescribed, they will endeavour to persuade their Sureties to comply with it, or else to procure others that will, if possible.

The laid Persons having not complied in giving the said

Security, according to the Order of this House;

Ordered, That Sir Rmv/and Gxtryn, when he carries up the Impeachment, to the Lords, against John Goudet,

David Barrau, Peter Longtieville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudouvin, Nicolas Santini, and Peter Diharce, do acquaint the Lords, That the said Persons are in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Uuier of the Black Rod, when their Lordships shall please tc^give Order therein.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Seaward have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Denzil Onslow have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Vol. XIL

Sir Francis Massam reported to the House, That he ColcHeiter having, according to their Order, been at the Lords, to Wurk-house* > desire a Conference with their Lordships, upon the Sub- -jest-matter of the Amendments made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for erecting Hol-3 Y ‘

SU Catha-nnes Hospi-

uL

Eftatf s given

to superstitious Ufeu.

Committees.

Kingsloti upon Hull Work-houses.

Impeachment of Goudet, kc.

Impeachment of Fence.

<i66 io® — ii° Matt. A. 1698,

pitals and Work-houses within the Town of Cokhesier, in the County of Essex', and for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof; the Lords do agree to a Conference, Tomorrow at Twelve of the Clock, in the Paint'd Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee w ho drew up the Rea-fons to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference: And that Mr. Polpuy, Mr. and Mr.

Cooper, be added to (hem.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire into the Revenue settled upon St. Catharine's Hospital; and how the feme has been managed; and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Hatley, Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir JVm. Forester, S\r Scroop Howe, Sir Edward

Aiscough, Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Mr. Colonel

Byerley, Sir Henry Crofts, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Burrington, Sir John Turner, Mr.

Bromley, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Hooper, Sir John Phillips, Sir John Banks, Sir IVm. Cooper, Mr. Gery, Sir Robert Clay-

ton, Mr- Mountsteoms. Sir IVm. Blacket, Sir Robert Rich, Lord Cults, Mr. Rock la n't Major-Ceneral Erie, Mr. Serjeant Bond, Mr. Colli ford: And they are to meet at Live a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the ingressed Bill for the better Disto-very of Estates giveu to superstitious Uses be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned ... Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, IV

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment and Maintenance of the

Poor there, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made; Press 2. L. last, to leave out " June," and insert " July"instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act forerefting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon for the Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there.

Ordered, That Sir William Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported to the House, That he did go, Yesterday, to the Lords, and in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of England, impeached John Goudet, David Rarrau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicolai Santini, and Peter

Diharcc, of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquainted them. That this House would, in due time, exhibit Articles of Impeachment against the said Persons, and make good the fame: And also, That the said Persons are in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Ulhcr of the Black Hod, when their Lordships shall please to give Order therein.

Resolved, That John Peirce, now in the Custody of the Serjeani at Arms attending this House, be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do go to the Lords, and impeach the said John Pierce for High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn, when he carries up the said Impeachment to the Lords, do acquaint the Lords, That the said John Peirce is in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, ready to be delivered up to the Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod, when their Lordships shall please to give Order therein.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Foreign Luf-

whom the.....Royal Luftving Company was referred, tr,n£*

be printed: And that Mr. Speaker do appoint the Printing thereof.

Mr. Stockdale, according to Order, preferred to the MafcdF# House a Bill for the veiling a Copperas-work, Part of D,b* the Estate of Robert Mascati Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon: And the feme was received; and read the First time

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

A Bill to explain the manner of Collecting the Duties Duties on and Penalties in the Act for laying federal Duties upon Leath*r' Leather Was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved,. That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Arnold, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Henry St. Catha-Colt, Sir Walter Yoange, Mr. Colt, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Mau- nne'aHof-

dit, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire into 1>iu1' the Revenue settled upon St. Catharine's Hospital; and how the feme has been managed.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Emly have Leave to go Leave of into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordei'ed, Tluit Mr. England have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Cary have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitchell have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Then the Managers appointed for the Conference with Colcheter the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, Wark-house^ made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex; and for the better employing the Poor thereof; went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Francis Massam reported, That they had met the Conferenca Lords at the Conference, and given them their Reasons with Lonfc* for disagreeing to some of the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

A Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Im- Supply Bill; position upon beneficial G rants, and other Things therein Imposition mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second of Grant*, time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Garo/i's, &c. 'Hut.

Debtor*!

Relief.

Wire-drawers Trade.

Churchill's

Estate.

Supply Bill; Hawkers and Pedlars.

Impearh-meot of Pierce.

Foreign

Luftrin^Sj&c,

io w.m.

13

Mali.

i6j

Jovis, 12* die Mail; Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

ABIL L for Naturalizing of Peter Garon, and others, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir II. D. Colt, Sir JVm. Lowther, Sir John Mr.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Penge/ly, Mr. Mr. Phillips,

Mr. Votes, Sir John IVolstenholm, Sir Massam,

Mr. Neale, Mr. Fleming, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Frunklyn, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Morgan, Sir Ralph Mr. Mounstevens, Sir John , Sir Mann.

Mr. Roberts, Sk John Philips, Mr. Mr.

Osborne, Mr. Batifcotnb, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Colt, Mr. Arnold: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's- Chambers, at Five of the Clock.

Mr. Colt, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the-better Discovery of Solvent Prisoners Estates, and the Relief of the Insolver.t: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Sifkmen and Lacemen, in the Name of themselves, and others of the said Trades, Freemen of the City of London, was presented to the Honie, and read; setting forth. That there being a Bill depending, to restrain all Persons from drawing Wire, and making Gold and Silver Thread, that have not served an Apprenticed!ip to the Trade of Wire-drawing; and also to hinder all Wire-drawers, and Makers of Gold and Silver Thread, from felling any Fringe or Lace, or other Wares made of Silver or Gold Thread; the Petitioners conceive, if pafi'ed into an Act, it would inhance the Prices of those Commodifies, and deprive them, and many others, of their Trades, by which they subsist: And praying to be heard, by their Counfd, or otherwise, before the same do pass.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the said ..... is committed.

Ordered, That all.....for Devon and be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to conlirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill Knight, lately deceased, pursuant to his last Will, and Two- Decrees of Chancery for Performance thereof, was copunitted.

Mr. Norris, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision of Interest for the Transport-Debt for Reducing of Ireland: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Rifoked, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Rowland Gxtyn reported to the House, That he did Yesterday, according to their Order, go to the Lords, and, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of England, impeach John Pierce of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, That this House would, in due time, exhibit Articles against him, and make good the fame: And also, That the said John Pierce is in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, ready to be delivered to the Gentleman Ullier of the Black Bod, when their Lordships shall please to give Order therein.

Ordered, That the Members directed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill relating to the Royal Luftring Company; and pre\ tilting the Exportation of Wool, and Fullers Earth; do prepare, and bring in, a Bill or Bills for the Purposes aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Vol. XII.

the better preventing' the Running of prohibited- and un- Prevention of euftomed Goods: And that Sir Walter Young do prepare, Smuggling, and bring in, the Bill.

Sir Rowland Guyn reported from the Committee* to fteneu's, &c. whom the Bill . naturalizing Mr. Hilary Reneu, and Nat, others, was- committed, That they had iriade several.

Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read- throughout; and- then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Lieutenant-Colonel John Vaughan was Army Debt*, presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, some short time before the Resolution, the Petitioner, being Lieutenant-Colonel of Horse under the Earl of Salisbury, did eontraft with several Tradesmen, for cloathing the said Regiment, the Sum, of 3,000l. and upwards; for which they foed frie Petitioner, and obtained Judgment, and extended his Estate: That, upon Application to his Majesty, he obtained a- Grant of 300l. per Annum, payable out of the Royal Oak Lottery: That the Petitioner perceiving the re is a Bill depending, for the Suppre fling of Lotteries; And praying, That he may have his laid Debt secured upon a certain Fund; or otherwise be relieved in the Premises; so that his ow n Estate may be no longer charged with a Contract for the Publick Service.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that they do examine the Matter; and report the feme to the House.

A Petition of Richard Savage, of London, Gentleman, Savage's was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Estate.

That the Petitioner having, in Consideration of a Marriage between him and Mary his Wife, settled several Lands, in the County of Dorsett, on Trustees, to several Uses, by a Deed of 28th June 1694; in which Deed there is a Proviso, That if the Petitioner should, with the Approbation of the said Trustees, settle other Lands, to the same Uses, within Five Years, then the said Deed to be void; which Time being elapsed, and the Petitioner being willing to settle other Lands, of a greater Value, to the same Uses; the Trustees, and his Wife, consenting the reto: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time for settling of other Lands.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Cullif ord do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Reginald Marriott, in the Custody of Privilege — the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, was presented a Person pe-to the House, and read; setting forth, That, he having tl.tl0Jw for made a full and candid Relation of the false Indorse- IC ar®e* ment of Exchequer- Bills, was, the Second time he was at the Bar of this House, told, by Mr. Speaker, the good Pleasure of the House in protecting him: That the Confinement, under which he still lies, having been very long and chargeable: And praying, That he may be dealt with, as to their great Justice shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Marriott bediicharged out of Custody.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to Address for & his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his t>Br‘,ou- Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to grant the said Mr. Reginald Marriott a Pardon, for all his Offences relating to Exchequer- Bills.

Mr. Manley reported from the Committee, to whom Copper the Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Meahnen, Coinage. Bakers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Retailers in general, of the Borough of Southwark, was referred, the

Matter,

268 12V — i30 Mail, 1698.

Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; with the Resolution of the Committee thereupon, and upon the several other Petitions referred to the Consideration of the said Committee; which he r'ead in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee do find, That the Patentees for coining Copper Halfpence and Farthings were impowered, by his Majesty's Letters Patents, bearing Date the 24th Day of June, to coin 700 Ton of English Copper in Seven Years; and that the said Patentees have already coined 460 Tons:

But at present there being, in several Parts of the Kingdom, especially in and about the City of a

great Glut of Farthings and Halfpence;

And that the Committee therefore came to the following Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Execution of the Patent for making and issuing Copper Halfpence and Farthings, and for exchanging of Tin Halfpence and Farthings, be suspended for Six Months.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Six," and inlerting, " Twelve," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Execution of the Patent for making and issuing Copper Halfpence and Farthings, and for exchanging of Tin Halfpence and Farthings, be suspended for Twelve Months.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Lmndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Estates given Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better Dif-tiowUfe*.* covery of Estates given to superstitious Uses be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

Duties on Ordered, That the Report from -the Committee, to tGlass, ttc. whom the Petitions complaining of the high Duties upon Glafe, and Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes, were referred, be made upon Morning next.

Supply Bill; The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Impositions whole House, according to the Order of the Day, to

on Grant*. Consider of the Bill for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by

an Imposition upon beneficial Grants, and other Things therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, IS* die Maii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

Shaftsbury A BILL for erecting Work-houses, and Houses of Work-houfti. f\ Correction, in the Town of and for the

29

better Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there:

was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas,

Sir Wm. Drake, Sir Tho. Dyke, Mr. Foley, Mr. Newport,

Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Hammond, Sir Wm. Sir '

Robert Davers, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Jacob Astley Mr.

Fuller, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. MoMr. Sir Jo. Turner, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Philips, Mr. Yales,

Mr. Campion, Sir Rowland Gzeyn, Mr. Sir

John Wo/stenholm, Mr. White, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir

Henry Goff'e, Mr. Gauntlet, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Hedger,

Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Lampion, Sir John Tho-void. Sir isaac Rebow, Sir Edward Norris, Sir Masham, Sir Edward Abny, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Guy,

Mr. Furrer, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Alarm. Mr.

Pengelly, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Mounts evens, Mr.

Lord Digby, Mr. Neale, Mr. MethMr. Osborne,

Mr. MoUtteux, Mr. Gery, Mr. Thornhaugh, Colonel Lee;

and all that serve for the Counties of Dorsett, Somersett, and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of African the Bill to settle the Trade to Africa, to offer a Clause, Trad*, for Liberty to export foreign Copper in Bars.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to Luftringa the House a Bill for the Encouragement of the Luftring Trmde* Company: and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importations of Luftrings and Alamodes: And the feme was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the better improv- Woollen M»-ing the Woollen Manufacture be read the Third time "fetture. upon Monday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Sale of for veiling the Manor of Alveston, and other Lands Alvetum therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, in Truf- Maaor* tees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hammond, Mr. Fuller, Sir Marm. Wyvell, Sir John Bolls,

Colonel Byerly, Mr. Manley, Mr. Harrison, Sir Jercas Elwes, Mr. Pengelly, Mr. Done, Mr. Moncklon, Mr.

Montagu, Sir H. D. Colt, Mr. M, Mr. vats, Mr. Foley, Sir Rowland Gw, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Bromley, Mr. Phillips, Sir Fran. Wyndham, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Davers, Sir

Richard Temple, Mr. Lampion, Mr. Colt, Lord Spencer,

Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Farrer,

Mr. White, Mr. Blofeild; and all that serve for the Counties of Gloucester and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five of the Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Duti« o» Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill Leather, for explaining the manner of Collecting of the Duties upon Leather.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Harcourt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Then the House resolved itself into a Committee of the Ways whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means Mean*, for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will plcaie to receive the same.

Ordered,

ioW.IIL

130 — i £ Malt*

Children of Soldiers Nat.

Supply Bill; Duties on Coffee, &c.

Supply Bill; Duties ou Coals.

Repealing 39 Kliz. against

making Malt.

Cary's

£0atc.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and #

Mr. Speaker,

Lewin's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

to rectify l'ome Mistakes in an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Latin to fell certain MessuageS in Southwark, for Payment of Debts, without any Amendment: Alto,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize the Children of such Officers and Soldiers, and others, the natural-born Subjects of this Realm, who have been born abroad during the War, the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government, without any Amendment: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due for Trans-port-Service for the Reduction of ,without any

Amendment: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm, without any Amendment: Alio,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Thirty-ninth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to restrain the eXcessive making of Malt; and to discharge and vacate Orders made, by Justices of the Peace, by virtue thereof, for restraining Maltsters from making of Malt; without any Amendment A Kb,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by

this House,. .....intituled, An Act for vesting a

Moiety of certain Messuages and Lands in , in

the County of Middless.v,in Trustees, for the Benefit of Susanna Cary, Widow, and Relict of Nicholas Cary Esquire, deceased, and others: Also,

The Lords do insist upon the Clauses B and C, which were added by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for eroding Hol'pitals and Work-houses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there: Also, They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ditto. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diminishing, the Coin of this Kingdom:

And the said Amendments were twice read; and are as follow'; viz.

Sheet 2d, L. 23, for " and pay or allow the Perforts " that tendered the feme the true Value thereof," read " And if any Questkta or Dispute shall arise, whether the " Piece so cut he counterfeit, it shall be heard, and finally determined, by the Mayor, Bailiff or Bailiffs, or other chief Officer, of any City, or Town Corpdrate, where such Tender shall be made; and if such " Tender shall be made out Of any City, or Town Corporate, then by the next Justice of the Peace of the " County, inhabiting or being near the Place, where " such Tender shall be made: And the said Mayor, or " other chief Officer, and Justice of the Peace, shall " have full Power and Authority to administer an Oath, " as he shall see convenient, to any Person, for the de-4‘ termining any Questiorts relating to the said Piece." Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Amendments be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Colchester

Work-houses,

Counterfeiting Coin.

Sabbati, 14s die Mail j Decitno Gulielmi.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill for the better Discovery and Sup- Suppressing

pressing of Housebreakers was read the Third Housebreak- ... r s ere.

time.

And several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 2. L. 9, after " in," insert u case Pr. 3. L. 17, after " Effect," insert " who are hereby required to pay the same

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly*

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Discovery and Supprelfing of Housebreakers.

Ordered, That Mr. Gay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon jftedncfday Mom- Suppressing ing next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made Profaneneig, by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the c‘ more effectual Supprelfing of Blasphemy and Profane* nefe.

Mr. Yates reported from the Committee, to whom the Churchill'* ingrossed Bill, firom the Lords, intituled, An Act to con- Estate. firm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill Knight, lately deceased, pursuant to his last Will, and Tw o Decrees of Chancery for Performance thereof, was committed, That they had made one Amendment to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. , before " Churchill," leave out " the " said ;" and insert, instead thereof, late of Churchill,

" in the County of Somersett-, Knight."

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Flint Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, fot the electing a Burgess to serve 'in this present Parliament for the Borough of Flint, in the County of Flint, in the room of Thomas Revenfcroft Esquire, deceased.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do KTue his Warrant to Carnarvan the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Writ* the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Carnarvan, in the County of Carnarvon, in the rootn of Sir Robert Oxcen Knight, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill for the better and more orderly Supply Bill} Payment of the Lottery-Tickets, now payable, out of Lottery certain additional Duties of Excise, was read the Third Tickets, time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider,

That *;

And the feme was twice read, with Blanks; and die Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was read a Third time; and, upon the Queliion put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bril.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the better and more orderly Payment of the Lottery-Tickets, now payable, out of certain additional Duties of Excise; and of other Annuities, lately payable, out of the Tonage Duties.

Ordered, That Mr. LffmideS do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Ordered, That Leave be given so bring io a Bill for Railing th* Morning, Nine a Clock. raising the Militia; for the Year One thousand Six Militia.

Vo L. XII. 3Z hundred

Leave of Absence.

Escapes of Debtors.

Copper

Coinage.

Desborough's Share of Prize.

Exporting

Watches.

Prevention of Gaming.

Ways and Means.

27°

' 14 Mast. 1698.

hundred and Ninety-eight, although the Month's Pay, iivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were

formerly advanced, be not repaid: And that Mr. Norris read; and are as follow; viz.

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. Refohcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, over and above the Duties now payable; asur-Ordered, That Mr. Worsely have Leave to go into the ther Duty be laid upon all Luftrings and Afaraodes im-Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. ported.

Refo That it is the Opinion of this Committee, A Petition of Martha Johnson Widow, Thomas John- That the said Duty be as much more as is now payable /on, John Johnson, and Frances Micklethxcait, Creditors by the Book of Rates.

of the Office of the Fleet Prison, was presented to the The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second House, and read; setting forth, That tn an Act passed time, were, upon the Queliion severally put thereupon,

the last Sessions of Parliament, for the more effectual agreed unto by the House.

Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for prevent- Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Rc-ing Abuses in Prisons, 8$c.; a Clause was inserted for the Iblutions: And that Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring saving the Petitioners Right to the Office of the Warden in, the Bill, of the Fleet: That, by the Bill now depending, the Petitioners are advised they are in Danger of losing the The House proceeded to take into further Confederation Conntwfefc-

Benefit of the said former Clause: And praying to be the Amendments, made by the Lords.....intituled, in8

heard in relation to the said Bill; with Liberty to add An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, such Clause as shall be thought reasonable, for saving clipping, and other diuiinishing, the Coin of this their just Debt Kingdom:

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard at the Bar of And the same were severally read a Second time; this House, by their Counsel, upon Monday Morning and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed next, upon their Petition, upon the Report of the said unto by the House.

Bill. Ordered, That Mr. Clarke do carry the Bill to the

I<ords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the to the said Amendments.

House a Bill to stop the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence for One Year: And the same was received; and Ordered, That Sir James Etheridge have Leave: to go Leave read the First time. into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Captain Charles Desborough was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was, the last Year, with Captain Noitis at Newfoundland; where there was taken a very considerable Prize by one Captain and shared between

them; of which the Petitioner ought to have had a Share: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Tho. Dyke, Sir H. D. Colt, Sir Robert Darners, Mr. Brotherton, Colonel Granville, Sir William Lowther, Mr. Harley, Sir Fran. Wyndham, Sir John Fleet, Sir Edward Ertdy, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Done, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Cttlliford, Mr. Manley, Mr. Pocklington, Sir Fran. Massam, Lord fVm.

Pawlet, Sir Wm. Williams, Mr. Norris, Mr Sir

Philip Boteler, Sir John Kaye, Sir Cloudesly Shovell, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Egerton, Mr. York, Mr. Mounsteoens, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bohun, Colonel Pery, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Rawney, Sir Ralph DelaoaU, Mr. Kendall, Sir John Bucknall, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Colt, Colonel Co-

lonel King, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Pagit, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Manfell; and all the Members of the House, of the Admiralty, Navy, and Cinque-Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver, is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning; but not after Ten a Clock.

Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported from the Africa® Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for i riwle-settling the Trade to Africa was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments made to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to export from England all such Copper Bars as hath or shall be imported from foreign Parts; and, upon Exportation, shall draw back all Duties, or vacate the Securities; saving the Half of the old Subsidy, as is usual in other Commodities:

And the Clause was twice read, and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That no Governor, Deputy-Governor, or Judge,- in his Majesty's Plantations in America, or an^ on their behalf,

shall be a Factor or Agent for the said Company, or any other Persons, for Sale or Disposal of any Negroes, on Forfeiture of Five hundred Pounds:

And the Clause was twice read, and amended....

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Commute*.

mi . n Resolved, That this House....., upon this Day Seven- Hudson's Boy Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill against night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Company. Gaming is committed, have Leave to fit in a Morning; consider further of the Bill for confirming to the but not after Ten a Clock. son's jfay Company their Privilege and Trade.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Churchill's Lit ate.

Dutton's

Elutt*

Sale of Alvef-lou Manor.

Lloyd's Nat

MafeaTPs

Debts.

Escapes oi Debtors.

joW. III.

16° Mail

371

Luna, 16° die Mail;

t

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm- the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill Knight, lately deceased, pursuant to? his last Will, and Two Decrees of Chancery for Performance thereof, was read the Third time.

And another Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill; Pr. 3. L. 20, to leave out "Seventh," and' insert " Ninth

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Yates do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Sir Ralph Dutton to raise Money, for the speedy Payment of his Debts; And that Mr. Arnold and Sir Henry Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the Manor of Alveston, and other Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Hammond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the lame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Dr. Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize William Lloyd El'quire, and others, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for the vesting a Copperas-work, Part of the Estate of Robert Mascall Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John well, Mr. Stockdale, Sir Marm. Mr. Colt, Sir

John Kay, Mr. Bear, Mr. , Mr. Boscawen, Sir

Scroop liorxe. Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Arnold, Mr. Molineux, Mr. Mounstecens, Sir Math. An-

drews, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Yorke, Sir Henry Colt, Sir JVm.

Drake, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Lampton, Sir

JVm. Lout her, Sir H. Vane, Mr. Mr. Machell,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. Traverse, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Pery, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Dolberi, Mr. Monckton, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Slonchouse, Mr. Yates, Mr. White, Sir Charles Hotham, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Thompson, Mr. Harrison, Mr. Pudsey, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Fitton Gerrard; and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Counsel for Edmund Boulter Esquire, and Martha Johnson Widow, Thomas Johnson, John Johnson, and Vox,. XII.

Frances Mickletlewait, Creditors of the Office of the Fleet Prison, attending;

They were called in; and heard at the Bar, upon their several Petitions, touching the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols.

And then they withdrew.

And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, were read.

Resolved, That the Bill be re-committed to the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Inftrtiftion to the said Committee, That they do receive Clauses, for the Sale of the Freehold and Leasehold Estate of William Lenthall Esquire, mortgaged, with the Office of the King's-Bench Prison, to the said Mr. Boulter, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due to the said Mr. Boulter, or his Assignee.

Refolded, That it be also an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do receive Clauses for securing the Remainder of the Debt due to the said Mr. Boulter, or his Assignee.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause, for the laving the said Johnson's, Rights.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do receive a Clause, for laving the Right of Thomas Scvcar Gentleman.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir Churchill's Richard Ho fjord: Estate'

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill Knight, lately deceased, pursuant to his last Will, and Two Decrees of Chancery for Performance thereof.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Rowland Grryn reported from the Committee ap- Impeach-pointed to draw up Articles of Impeachment again!! ment of John Goudet, David Barrau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Goudel' c*

Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicolas Santini, and harce, Merchants, and John Peirce Gentleman, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which t! ey had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second Time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Articles of Impeachment, exhibited by the Knights,

Citizens, and Ilurgeffes, in' Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, again!! John Goudet, David ^Barrau,

Petes' Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Nicolas Santini, and Peter Merchants,

and John Peirce Gentleman, in Maintenance of the several Impeachments against them, for High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Fir!! Article.

That the said John Goudet, David Barrau, Pete)' Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicolas Santini, Peter Diharce, and John Peirce, not weighing or considering the Protection and Privileges they have enjoyed under this Government, nor anywise regarding the many good and wholesome Laws and Statutes, made for the encouraging the Manufactures, and preventing the Exportation of the Coin and Wool of this Kingdom, and the holding Correspondence with France, during the late War; but minding and intending, for their own private Lucre and Advantage, to render all those good and beneficial Laws of no Force or Effect; did, between the 24th Day of August, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Eighty-nine, and the Tenth Day of Septmber, which was in the Year of our Lord One thousand Six hundred Ninety-and-seven, associate,

combine

7$

16° Man.

A. i 6

Impeachment of Goudet, &c.

combine and confederate, with Dumastre, Francis Grubert, Theodore Hollaine, Thomas

ton, Peter Baraxllcrw, Peter Goree, Anthony

Dinah Mason, Joseph Buckley, Edward , John

Corbusier, William Wragg, Hart, Toms, Ripper, Arthur Goodwyn, Ferdinand Raoaud, Gospard Bedfort, Bartholomew Middy, John Peter DebiUy, John

Aurioll, Isaac Aurioll, Peter Monbrown, Mrs. Parthem, John Deseine, Peter Du Livier, John Panckr, Henry Collins, Smith, Phillips, Mrs

William Wade, Roger Beart, Matheio Scaulding, Francis Neave, Thomas Deny, and Ferwsey,

and divers other evil-disposed Persons, to carry on a Traffick with France, during the late War; thereby to exhaust the Treasure of this Nation, to lessen the Value of the native Commodities, and to destroy the Manufactures thereof, to the general Detriment of this Kingdom.

2d.

That, to compafe and efftft theffe their pernicious De-tigns and Intentions, they the said John Goudet, David Baireau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret,

dovin, Nicolas Santini, Peter and John Peirce,

did, during the said War, set up, and carry on, a Correspondence with several Persons in France, and give Intelligence to the Enemy, of the State tuid Condition of this Realm.

3d.

That they, the said John Goudet, Dadd Peter Longucville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Peirce, did, during the said War, import, and cause to be imported, into this Kingdom, several great Quantities of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture of France.

4th.

That they, the said John Goudet, David Barrau, Peter Longueville, Stejihen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Peirce, by the same Vessels which imported the said French Goods, did export, and cause to be exported, and carried into France, great Quantities of the Wool grown in this Kingdom.

5th.

That they, the said John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene,

Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Peirce, by themselves, their Agents, and Confederates, did privily convey, and cause to be Conveyed, from Justice, divers Criminals out of this Kingdom.

6th.

Whereas a very beneficial Manufacture of Alamodes and Lulirings hath, of late, been set up within this Kingdom, wh» reby many Thousands of People were employed and maintained; for the Encouragement whereof, and preventing the fraudulent Importation of Frenck Alamodes and Lulirings, divers good and wholesome Laws have been made, That no Person (horrid presume to deal in black Alamodes or Lulirings, not having the Mark or Seal on them, used for foreign Goods at the Custom-house, or the Seal and Mark used by the Luftring Company; they, the said John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Peirce, for the more Cafy vending and uttering the Alamodes and Lulirings, which they had so fraudulently imported from France, did make and counterfeit, and cause to be made and counterfeited, divers Seals and Marks, in Imitation of the said Seals and Marks used for foreign Goods at the Custom-house; and did affix several of the said counterfeit Seals and Marks to (fivers Pieces of Alamodes and Lulirings imported from Fiance as aforesaid.

All which said Crimes and Offences were contrived. Committed, perpetrated and acted, against his Majesty, his Crown, and Dignity; and the said John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret,

Rate Baudovin, Nicolas Sant ini, Peter Diharse, and John

l6

Peirce, did severally, voluntarily, and wilfully contrive, commit, perpetrate, and aft, the said Crimes and Offences, contrary to tire Duty of their Allegiance, and against the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity, and to the common Nuisance of all his Majesty's Liege People, and against the Good and Welfare of the whole Kingdom, and in open Violation of, and contrary to, the known Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

And the said Knights, Cititena, and Burgeflfes, by Protestation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhi- biting, at any time hereafter, any further Articles, or other Accusation or Impeachment, against the said John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter L, Stephen Seig-

yoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicolas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Peirce, and every of them; and also of replying to the Answ'ers that the said John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Peirce, and every of them, shall make unto the said Articles or any of them; and of, or in Proof of, the Pre-miles; or any other Articles, Impeachments, or Accu-fations, that shall be exhibited by them, as the Cause shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require; do pray.

That the said John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicolas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Peirce, be put to anfiver the said Crimes and Misdemeanors; and that such Proceedings, Examinations, Tryals, and Judgments, may be upon the said John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharse, and John Pearse, and every of them, had and used, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Baker be Solicitor, to prepare Breviats, and other Instructions, for managing the said Impeachments.

A Motion being made, That the Overplus of the Building Money, and Sea Stores, for Building and Furniffung of Ship*. Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by virtue of a late Act erf Parliament, may be applied to the Use of the Navy, and Ordnance for Sea-Service;

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy1 Royal Afieat - loB-

Ulher of the Black Rod Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend his Majesty in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; vis.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Coals and Culm:

An Act for continuing the Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices, towards Satisfaction of the Debt due for Transport-Servke for the Reduction of Ireland:

An Act for the better preventing the counterfeiting, clipping, and other diuiinishing, the Coin of this Kingdom:

An Act to execute Judgments and Decrees, saved in a Clause in an Act, of the First Year of the Reign of King William and Queen Mary, intituled, An Act for taking away the Courts holden before the President and Council of the Marches of Wales:

An Act for determining Differences by Arbitration:

An Act for the better Payment of Inland Bills of Ex,-ehange:

An Act to naturalire the Children of fetch Officers and Soldiers, and others, the natural-barn Subjects of this

Realm,

ills.

i6W.m.

if Mail.

Realm, who have been born abroad during the War, the Parents of such Children having been in the Service of this Government:

An Act to repeal an Act, made in the Nine-and-thir-tieth Year of the Reign of Queen Elizabeth, intituled, An Act to restrain the excdlive Making of Malt; and to discharge and vacate Orders made by Justices of the Peace, by virtue thereof, for restraining Maltsters from making of Malt:

An Act for cleansing, and making navigable, the Chanel from the Hythe at Colchester to An Act for repairing the Highways from the Town of Birdlipp, and the Top of in the County of Gloucester, to the City of Gloucester:

An Act for vesting Lands in Trustees, to be fold, for Payment of the Debts of Wriot Baptist late Earl of Gainsborough, deceased:

An Act to annex the Rectory of Whitborne, in Herefordshire, to the Bishoprick of Hereford:

An Act for the better settling the several Estates of the Right Honourable John Lord Viscount Lisburn, in the Kingdom of Ireland, and the Lady Viscountess Lisburn his Wife:

An Act for supplying a Defect in a Conveyance lately made by Sir Eduard Turner, and Charles Turner Esquire, his Son, for the more effectual securing the Sum of Twelve thousand Pounds, and Interest, upon their Estate:

An Act for vesting several Lands, late belonging to Robert Smith Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be iold, for the Payment of his Debts:

An Act for vesting the Manor of Bastwick and Laviles, in the County of Norfolke, Part of the Estate of John Houghton Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for discharging of Debts charged thereon; and for settling another Estate, in lieu thereof:

An Act to enable Streynsham Master Esquire to fell Lands in Kent, which were agreed to be settled by his Marriage-Articles; and to convey Lands in,

of a greater Value, to the same Uses:

An Act to enable Paris Slaughter, William Druce, Merchants, and Dame Elizabeth Chapman, to import several Bales of fine Italian Thrown Silk into this Kingdom:

An Act for settling certain Lands in Essex on Thomas Burgh Esquire, and his Heirs, in lieu of other Lands, of greater Value, Conveyed by him, according to a Decree, and the Will of Sir Samuel Jones, deceased:

An Act for vesting several customary Messuages and Lands, within the Manor of Gillingham, in the County of Dorsett, late the Estate of Thomas Davis Gentle-

man, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts:

An Act for erecting Hospitals and Work-houses within the City and County of the City of Exon, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there:

An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the City of Hereford, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor there.

' An Act to rectify some Mistakes in an Act, intituled, An Act to enable John Leuin to fell certain Messuages in Southwark, for Payment of Debts:

An Act for vesting a Moiety of certain Messuages and Lands in Hackney, in the County of in Truf-

tees, for the Benefit of Susanna Cary, Widow and Relict of Nicholas Cary Esquire, deceased, and others:

An Act for erecting Hospitals and Workhouses within the Town of Colchester, in the County of Essex, for the better employing and maintaining the Poor thereof:

An Act to naturalize William Lloyd Esquire, and others:

An Act to confirm the Sale of Part of the Estate of Sir John Churchill Knight, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, pursuant to his lait Will, and Two Decrees in Chancery for Performance thereof:

An Act for vesting the Manor of and other

Lands therein mentioned, in the County of Gloucester, in Vol. XXL

Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Defcts, and for other Purposes therein mentioned.

A Bill to stop the Coining of Farthings and Half- Copp*r pence, for One Year, w as read a Second time. Coinage.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Arnold,

Mr. WatMgtOn, Sir Fran.Massani, Mr. Cooper, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir John Eluell, Mr. Mr. Low t heri

Mr. Gery, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Mounts Sir Coply, Mr. Perry, Mr. Bowyer, Mr. Lamp ton, Mr. lington, Mr. Aylmer, Lord Pazvlett, Mr. Mr.

Brotherton, Rfr. Manly, Mr. Granville, Sir Wm. Lcrw-ther, Mr. Swift, Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Clayton,

Mr. Norris, Sir Robert Burdet, Mr. Maudit, Sir John Parsons % Mr. Yates, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Mr.

Lmcndes; and all that serve for the Counties of Surry,

Middlesex, Essex, and Kent: And they are to meet this>

Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Resolved, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide, That when Farthings and Half-pence shall be coined again, the same be at the true Value, except the Charge of Coinage.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 17' die Mail; Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

ABILL for the Encouragement of the Luftring Foreign Company; and the more effectual preventing the -Luftring* fraudulent Importation of Luftrings and Alamodes; was read the Firfi time, '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Mr. Yates reported from the Committee, to whom gOTB». the Bill for Naturalizing of Peter Garon, and others, &c. Nau was committed. That they had made several Amendments to the BiH; which they, had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and after- . wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report of Embazile-the Bill for the preventing the Embezzling of his Ma- ment o{ Na* jesty's Stores, to offer a Clause, That the Widows and Tal Store,i Children of deceased Seamen may, with lese Charge; take out Letters of Administration.

A Bill for the better Discovery of Solvent Prisoners Debtor* Estates, and for the Relief of the Insolvent, was read a Relief. Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 53-

Tellers for the Noes, {J£ } 63.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

\ 4

Ordered, That Sir Jervas Elwes, Mr. Gauntleii, be Wine-draw-added to the Committee to whom the Bill for the settling " and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers j was committed.

4 A

74 t 70 — 18° Mail. A. 1698.

Pretention of Gaming.

Leave of Absence.]

Reftr&ining Expence of Law Saits.

Leave of Absence.

Shafton

Work-house.

Army

ClotUpg

Debt.

Impeach* ment of Goudet, &c.

African

Trade.

Reneu'* &c. Nnt

Estates given

to superstitious Ufca.

Quartering Soldiers on Victuallers.

Building

Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloan, Sir Edward Hungerford, Colonel Granville, Mr. I Veld, Mr. Sir

Conway, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Bertie, Sir IVm. Blackett, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill against Gaming was committed.

Ordered, That Colonel Dore have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An , A.ft to restrain the great Expense and Length of Suits in Courts of Law and Equity, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Ash have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and others of the principal Inhabitants of the Parish of Saint James, near Shafton, in the County of Dorset, was presented to the House, and read j letting forth. That, by a Bill now depending, -for the erecting a Work-house within the fakl Borough of Shafton, for the maintaining and employing the Poor there, (he Petitioners are likely to be joined with the said Corporation, in the said Work-house, against their Consent: And praying, That a Stop may re put to the further Prosecution of this Act, as to the Inhabitants of Saint James*

Ordered, That the Codsideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed. '

A Petition of the Clothiers and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures in Jeeds, Halifax, and Parts adjacent, in the West Biding oi Yorkshire, was presented to the House, and read; setting fbhh: That the Petitioners have great Sums of Money due to them from the Undertakers, who cloathed the Army: That the said Undertakers have upwards of 240,000l. due to them, for the said Cloathing; which renders them incapable of p&ying the Petitioners: And praying a Fund may be ordered, for the Satisfying of the said Debts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred tb the Committee of the whole House, who aTe to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The ingrafted Articles of Impeachment against John Gtiudet, and others, were read.

Ordered, That^ir Rowland Gwyn do carry the said Articles of Impeachment up to the Lords.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill to settle the Trade to Africa be read the Third time upon Monday Morning nett.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Hillary Reneu, and others, Wfis 'read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Hillary Reneu, and others.

Ordered, That Sir Renvldnd Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the better Difr covery of Estates given to superstitioas Uses be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Inhabitants of the Tower Hamlets was referred, have Leave to fit upon Thursday Morning next; but not beyond Ten a Clock.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Cdinniittee of the whole House, to consider of the Mdtion Vfifterday, That the Overplus of the Money,

2t

and Sea Stores, for Building and Fumishing of Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by virtue of a late Act of Parliament, be applied to the Use of the Navy, and Ordnance for Sea Service.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho, Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning-

Sir Thomas Littleton allb reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That an Account may be laid before the House of the said Overplus Money and Stores, and what the Values thereof are.

Ordered, That the Officers of the Navy and Ordnance do lay before this House, an Account of what the Surplus of the Money and Stores, and the Value thereof, arc, which were provided for the building and fumishing the Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by virtue of a late Act of Parliament.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Way* ant a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Meaa#* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they bad made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 18* die Maii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

PltAY£RB.

ORDERED, That all Committees be revived. Committm,

Sir John IVolstenhohn reported from the Committee, Clearing

to whom the Bill to encourage the Cleaning of Ports, River*. See. Harbours, Roads, Bars, and Rivers, which may be made , more navigable, of all such Obstructions as prejudice the Navigation thereof was committed, That they had confiaered the fame, and the Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time, That the lole Use of the Inventions of Captain John Peyntz, whereof he had the foie Exercise granted to him, by Letters Patents, bearing Date the 27tirof April, in the Fifth of William and Mary, for scouring Rivers, Roads, Harbours, Chanels, and Mill-dams, that are filled up with Mud, may be continued to him, for the Term of Four Years, next, after the Expiration of the said Letters Patents.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

Itpaffedin the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing in the said Bill contained shall extend to prejudice the Right of the Right Honourable Anthony Earl of Kent, his Heirs, Tenants, or Assigns, to his Weir, or

Lock, upon the River Wye or his Forge or Iron-work,.

in an Act of Parliament, made in the Seventh and Eighth

io W. III. 18Matt.

a75

Year of his Majesty's Reign, for making navigable the River IVyeand Lugg, in the County of Hereford:

And the same was' once read;

Aud the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed;

It passed in the Negative,

Preventing Ordered, That Mr. Phillips, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. of Gaming. Pocklington, Mr. Mount si evens, Sir Philips, Mr.

Vaughan, Mr. Lampion, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. , Colo* nel King, Mr. Freeman, Mr.- Fairer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Gaming is committed.

"Woollen Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee, to Manufacture, whom the Consideration of the several Petitions of the Dyers, Setters, Callenders, Tillet-preffers, and Packers, of the Cities of London, Norwich, and Coventry, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; winch he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That the Petitioners, appearing, alleged, That the Manufactures of Perpetuanas, and the rest of the new Drapery, has, for forae Years past, been transferred into foreign Countries; where, by the Encouragement given to our English Artists, and by their having the Commodities proper for Dyeing, upon a Drawback of the Duties thereupon, from England, they are able to carry on their said Manufacture, and undersell our English Drapery, in Markets abroad; to the great Detriment, Lose, and Ruin, of some Thousands of Families here in England, who heretofore received a comfortable Subsistence, from a Dependency they had from, and the Employment they had in, the said Manufactures; which are now, for the most part sent out white, and unmanufactured, to foreign Parts.

To prove which;

Mr. John Davis attested, That great Numbers of Cloths and Serges are exported white to Holland and Hamburgh, to be manufactured there:

That 6 or 8,000 Perpetuanas, Serges, and other Drapery, are made weekly at Exeter; whereof not above I or 2,000 are dyed in England, the red bang sent out unmanufactured abroad:

That, about 27 Years ago, there was none of the said Commodities exported white, but those that were worn io abroad; and that Mr. Delanoy alone, who was his Master, commonly dyed 16 or 18,000 Perpetuanas in a Year:

But that now there are or 500 Pieceaexported white, and unmanufactured, to one Piece that is manufactured here at home; whereby England loses 8$. for every Piece sent out unmanufactured: That Bow Dyes, and other fine Colours, they yield as much Profit to the Manufacturers, as the Value of the Goods themselves:

That the Trade of exporting these Stuffs white, and unmanufactured, did first begin at Exeter.

Mr. Bayly said, That, he being in in the Year

1674, the Dutch, to encourage and employ their own People, in perfecting the Manufacture of our Drapery, made an Order, That none of the said Drapery should be imported there fully manufactured from England: That, at his Return to England, he dyed Twenty times the Quantity of the said Commodities, as he does jam:

That the Hollanders have their Logwood and Alum from hence, cheaper than our Dyers at home, by reason of the Drawback thereupon:

That they have Indigo, Woad, Cochineal, Copperas, Redwood, and Saunders, from henoe, in great Quantities; but they have those Commodities also from foreign Parts:

Vo 1. XII.

That the Trade for Dyeing in London was about Twelve Years since, Ten times better than now it is, notwithstanding we dye better than they can abroad:

That this Dvrcay of the Trade arises, in great measure, from the Dutch prohibiting the said Commodities to be imported into their Country fully manufactured:

As also, That the African Company, and other Patentees, have Monopolies of several Commodities proper for the Dyeing Trade, as Logwood, Alum, and Redwood; which was formerly fold for 24/. a Tun, and now is sold at 701.; whereby the Dutch are able to manufacture our said Commodities cheaper there, than our own Subjects can at home:

That every Piece of our said Commodities manufactured abroad, is a Loss of 7 s.or 85. to this Nation, in our common Colours; but in grain Colours, the Lose is, the Value of the Commodity itself; besides the Loss of the Customs of the Goods that would be used therein here; and also the Discouragement of the Growth and Making of Woad, Weld, Alum, and Copperas, used in the said Dyeing-Trade, and which are the Product of England-, which are engrossed by, several Persons; and Weld, which was fold for 4/. is now 10/. or 12/. per Load.

Thomas Applebury said, That, 20 Years ago, there was but one Prefler at Hamboroueh, but that now there are 40; and they employ Two Sets of Men, one by Day, the other by Night, in the said Trade:

That Mr. Banks, a Merchant in London, did, some Years since, pay 3,800l. a year for dyeing our said Goods here; and now the Wages of the Men employed by him does not amount to 50 /. a Year, though he has not left off his Trade:

That he was One of Three that dyed his Cloths, and used to receive 3,000l. a Year from him, for that Work.

Mr. Stratford, a Merchant, said. That, about Twenty Years ago, where he used to fend abroad One Bale of white Goods, he sent out 100 Bales manufactured; but qow fends out 100 Bales of white, to one manufactured: That Foreigners have not hitherto attained to any great Skill in making our Draperies; and cannot make them at all, without the English or Irish Wool; and therefore presumes, it would be more easy and advantageous to prevent our Draperies going out white, by gradually laying Impositions thereon, than totally prohibiting the fame; left a total Prohibition might hazard a Stop to our Trade abroad:

That 20,000 Pieces of fine Ell-broads and Perpetuanas have been sent white to Hamburgh:

That they cannot be supplied with these Goods, but from Ireland; nor can they make any considerable

Quantities abroad, but with English or Irish Wool.

That there are 100 Packsjfent from Yorkshire white, for One fully manufactured:

And that the Dutch fend our Goods, when they have fully manufactured them, into Turkey, Russia, and up the Rhine:

That the Reason of the Foreigners having gotten the Dyeing-Trade from England, arises from the Encouragement they gave to their own Artificers therein.

Mr. Clerk said, That, about 40 Years since, he lived at Hambw-gh for 20 Years together; when he observed there were not above 100 Pieces of new Drapery imported white yearly; and those were pressed and tilletted, which cost as much as the rest of the Charge for manufacturing the m; but that there was usually imported

6,000 Pieces in a Year there, that were fully manufactured in England-, and now the said Commodities are sent thither, and to Holland, raw from the Mills:

That he has paid 1,800l. a Year for manufacturing the said Commodities, and now does not pay 100l. a Year; and he apprehends, the Reason of such Decay in the Trade proceeds from the Admittance of Foreigners into the Hamburgh Company:

That there are not 5 Bales of manufactured Goods sent in a Year to Hamburgh', and they are totally prohibited in Holland,

Mr.

Leave of Absence.

Imposition on Grants.

Leave of Absence.

Lvraraington \Vrit.

Suppressing

Profaneneis,

&c.

18° — 19 'Matt.

.1698*

Mr. Sutler said, That he has been in and the

Low Countries, and disposed of great Quantities of our

"Western Serges there; and knows they cannot make any of those Goods there comparable to Ours; and that, if a moderate Duty was laid upon them exported white, it will not prejudice Trade.

John Williams said. That he has dealt in the said Manufactures these 40 Years; and knows, that there never was any Quantities of the said Goods made in foreign Part;1.

That, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Rci'olutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the great Duties laid upon the Materials used in Dyeing, imported into England, and the Drawback allowed upon the Exportation of the lame, have been a great Encouragement to the Exportation of l'everal Sorts of our Woollen Manufactures white, or not fully manufactured.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That unless some Way be found to take off the said Duties, the Manufacture of dyeing Woollen Goods exported will, in time, be totally loft to England.

Refolxed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Drawback be allowed upon the Exportation of all Sorts of our Woollen Manufacture, in proportion to the Duties laid upon the Materials used in the dyeing the fame; or a Bounty be given upon the Exportation of all Woollen dyed Goods, fully manufactured.

Refolxed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties laid upon our Woollen Manufactures exported, are a great Discouragement to the Exportation of the lame; and gives our Neighbours an Opportunity to underfed us in foreign Markets.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That tire Aulnage-Duty laid upon the Woollen Manufacture, is a great Discouragement to the fame.

The said Resolutions, being l'everally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Morris, and Mr. Bohun, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Morgan have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of Sir Cyrill Wich was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner, having bought Part of the Estate of Mr which was, at the Restoration of King Charles the Second, forfeited, but afterwards restored, is fearful that he may fall under the general Words of the Act, now depending, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Imposition upon beneficial Grants: And praying to be indemnified, by l'uch Ways as to the House shall seem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to v horn the said Bill is committed.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

rr , c v fSir Robert Tellers for the 1 eas,- Mm ^.

} "5-

j rot.

Tellers for the Nota.j

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Order was read:

And the said Amendments, being severally read, are

as follow: viz.

Skin 1. L. 13, 14, leave out " having been educated " in, or at any time having made Profession of the " Christian Religion."

L. 28, after " Ecclesiastical," have out " or;' and, after " Civil," add " or Military."

Skin 2. L. 5, after " Office," add Civil or Military."

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Realbns, to be offered, at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to the said Amendment:

And it is referred to Lord Cortningsby Sir Christopher Musgrove, Mr. Norris, Sir John Philips, Sir Littleton, Lord Cults, Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Dr. Lord

Pdtwlett, Mr. Jeffryes, Mr .'Lowndes, Lord Ashly, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Monckton, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Colt, Sir Joseph Tyly, Mr. Smith, Mr. Eger ton, Mr. Sloan, Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Dolben; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

The other Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Duties on whom the Petitions touching the Duties upon Glals and on Giafi, Ac. Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes, are referred, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ways a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Me*n* Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had cotne to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 19* die Maii; Decimo Gulielmi.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Norris have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the elefiting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lymmington, in the County of Southampton, in the room of John Burrard Esquire, deceased.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Order of the Day, for taking into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An A fit for the more elFefitual Suppressing of Blalphemy and Profaneness, be read;

Praters;

ORDERED, That Sir Tho. DMr. Bucknald, Escapesof Mr. Butler, Sir John IVolstenholm, Mr. Maudit, be Debtors* added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; is committed.

Ordered, That Lord Digby, Mr. Duke, Mr. Arnold, Suppressing Mr. Osborne, Sir John Elwell, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Fuller, Profaneneis, Mr. Perry, Sir Cha. Wyndham, Sir Edward Harly, Sir &c‘

John Kay, be added to the Committee appointed to draw up Reasons for disagreeing to the Lords Amendments made to the Bill for the more eft'efitual Suppression of Blasphemy and Profaneness.

Mr.

io W. lit

19° Mali,

Walter'* Mr. Harcourt, according to Order, presented to the Will House, a Bill for securing the Portions intended by Sir William Walter Baronet, deceased, for his Children by the Lady Mary Walter his Wife; and for preventing all Doubts which might arise upon the Construction of the Articles and Will therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second Time upon Saturday Morning next

Supply Bill; A Bill for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars was read a 58^reand Second time.

‘ Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee

of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Bill.

Wool-brog- Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee, to ger*, 4c. whom the Consideration of the Petitions of the Masters Wardens, and Commonalty, of the City of Worcester, and the Inhabitants of the Borough of Cirencester, and the Clothiers of Kidderminster, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That John Smith, one of the Petitioners, alleged, That the engrossing of Wool by the Broggers, occasions the railing of the Price upon Cloth, and discourageth the true Making thereof; for that he, this last Year, bought for 17 sa Stone, and that the Wool-brogger bought it, at the same time, cheaper; and yet nowtells it at 22 s. per Stone:

That if the said Wool-broggers were restrained. Wool would bear a better Price, and there would be many more Buyers.

Mr. Tolly said. That since the Wool-broggers have made it their Business to buy up the Wool, the Manufactures thereof are lessened One-third Part in their Making; and yet the Grower fells cheaper to the Wool-brogger, than he did formerly to the Clothier.

Mr. John Blanch laid, That the Wool-broggers get 101, per Cent, by the Wool they buy; which is an Hardship upon the Manufacturer, and forces him to fell his Goods at a proportionable Rate -, which, if not prevented, will ruin the foreign Trade;

That the reason why the Clothier does not buy Wool at Shearing-time, as well as the Engroffer, is through the Management of the Factor, who constrains the Clothier to give Credit to the Persons who buy his Cloth; whereby he is forced to take up his Wool upon Credit, at dearer Rates; the Factor, having the Profit thereby, which ought to accrue to the Manufacturers: If the Clothier had Money to buy at Shearing-time, by turning his Stock, he would be able to purchase again at Michaelmas-, but, wanting ibme Money then, the Wool-broggers buy all up before him.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Proprietor, or Grower of Wool, be not re-ltrained from felling his Wool to any Chapman he shall think fit to ...:

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Proprietor, or Grower of Wool, be not restrained from felling his Wool to any Chapman he shall think fit to deal with.

Resolved, That the BUI be read! a Second time,

A Petition of George Pendrell, and the Descendanfs of Impolitic*; his Four Brothers, William, Richard, John, and Hum- on GnuiUv phry, Pendrell, deceased, and of the Descendants of zabeth Yates, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner and his

laid Four Brothers, and the Husband of the said Elizabeth Yates, were all instrumental in conducting and concealing King Charles the Second, at Boscobell, and the Royal Oak, after Worcester Fight; for which Services, his Majesty was pleased to settle several Fee-farm Rents in Staffordshire, and other adjacent Counties, upon them, and their Heirs; That the Petitioners fearing their Interest may be' prejudiced by the Bill now depending, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, by an Impositioni upon beneficial Grants, and other Things therein mentioned:

And praying their said Grant may be exempted from the Charge to be laid upon Grants by the said Bill, by Clause to be brought in for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Thomas Mompesson reported from the Committee Exporting to whom the Bill to explain the Afijt, in the Seventh and Watches-Eighth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mints to be coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of this Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Philips have Leave to go into the Lea,e of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davall have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Thomas Cooper have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the Encouragement of the Luftring Com- Luftring pany; and the more effectual preventing the Importation Trade, of Luftrings and Alamodes; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Perry, Sir Fran. Massam, Mr. Godolphin,

Sir Tho. Davall, Sir John Kay, Mr. Boscawen, Sir John Ebwill, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Duke, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Newport, S\t Joseph Hem, Mr. Battiscomb, Mr. Machell,

Mr. Fleming, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Colt, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Buddy , Sir Walter Young, Mr. Baldwyn,

Mr. Hore, Mr. Byerly, Mr. Yates, Mr. Culliford, Mr.

Arnold, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Mountague, Sir Geroas Etwes, Mr. Sarfford, Mr. Whitaker, Sir John Wlisten-holm, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Philips; and all that serve for the Sea-Ports: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Impeach-men* of Goudet, fcc.

Railing the Militia.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported to the House, That he Ordered, That the Resolutions of the Committee, to Ditt0t had delivered the Articles of Impeachment against John whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was Goudet, and others, to the Lords. referred, the Consideration whereof were adjourned till

the said Bill was brought in, be taken into Consideration Mr. Norris, according to Order, presented to the Tomorrow Morning.

House a Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-eight, although the Month's Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the Assize of Affiie «f Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid; And the same was Bread be read the Third time upon Monday Morning Bread, received; and read the First time, next.

Ways and Means.

Ditto.

Committees'

Garon's, &c. Nat

Army Pay Stoppages.

19* — 20° Mail. A. 1698.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time for purchasing Annuities, upon the several Acts of Parliament for granting the fame, be enlarged.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That over and above the Duties now payable, there be a further Duty of Three Shillings and' Four-pence per Bushel laid upon all Salt imported, to be paid by the Importer.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said First Resolution: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill for the Duties upon Salt, That they do the fame, so as to include therein the said Second Resolution.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole: House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

the Matter theredf; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom Copper the Bill to flop the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence, Coinage, for One Year, was committed, That they had made feme Amendments to the Billj which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'S Table: Where the same were once . throughout; and then a Second time, one by one: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, several of them were agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time; the same was amended; and was, That, after the said 24th of June 1699, it shall not be lawful for any Person to coin any Farthings or Halfpence, but of fine English Copper, and of the real Value of what the same shall be taken for, in Payment; with Allowance only, for Coining, at Five-pence per Pound Weight:

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Bucknall, Mr. Loivther, Sir Prevention of John JVolstenholme, Sir Henry Colt, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. Gaming. Sand ford, Mr. Pocklington, be added to the Committee,

to whom the Bill for preventing of Gaming was committed.

A Petition of Colonel James Barry was presented to impoGtion the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner on Granw. being in England, Anno 1689, was, without his Know-lege, chosen a Member of the pretended Parliament in Dublin; upon, which account only, he was indicted, and outlawed, of High Trealbn: That upon Application to his Majesty, he obtained a Warrant, under the Privy-Signet, for a Reversal of the said Outlawry: That the Petitioner was never dispoflelTed of his Estate on Account of the said Attainder, nor restored thereto in virtue of the said Reversal: And praying a Saving for freeing him from the Tax to be granted to his Majesty, by an Imposition on beneficial Grants.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to Whom the said Bill is committed.

Veneris, 20 die Man; Sir Rowland reported, from the Committee, to Quartering

Decimo Gulielmi. whom the Petition of Robert Taylor, and other Inhabit- Soldiers on

ants and Victuallers in the Tower Hamlets, was referred. Victuallers. Prayers. the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; and

AN ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Garon, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, which they others, was read the Third time. had directed him to report to the House; which he read

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's An Act for Naturalizing of Peter Garon, and others. Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Ordered, That Mr. Votes do carry the Bill to the viz.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto. Robert Taylor said, That Lieutenant Honsden, Lieu-

tenant Gormant, Ensign Iswike, and Serjeant Leach, were A Petition of Anne, the Wife of MalthewShank, one . quartered on him: of the Lieutenants to the Company of Fuzileers, com- That Lieutenant Honsden, and Lieutenant,

manded by Colonel Richard fngoldsby, in the Province of had i js. Week; and that they never went out

New York, in America, was presented to the House, and but they had Money of him; and when they went upon read; setting forth, That the said Company was raised in the Guard, they had Victuals sent them;

England, in 1690: That when Colonel Fletcher came That he allowed Ensign Leake 7 s. a Week; in Money,

Governor to the same Place, he brought Clearings, for the besidesMeat:

Soldiers; but stopt One-third Part thereof, and hath con- That he lent it voluntarily.

finued so to do ever fmee: That the said Colonel Fletcher John said. That he quartered Captain Oldish,

pretends to have an Order from England, for the Stoppage of -Colonel Regiment: That he demanded

of the said Pay, to be applied towards the Repairing of from 15 s. to 20 per Week; and that tie allowed him Forts, and other Uses: And praying the Consideration sometimes 20s. sometimes 26*. and sometimes 28 s. of the House, and Relief in the Premises. _ per Week: And there is due to him 40 /. upon the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition feme: be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of That he had no others quartered on him.

Robert Taylor, and other Inhabitants and Victuallers, in That the Captain never demanded any Meat, Drink,

the Tower Hamlets, was referred: And they to examine S(c. but Money to go abroad with to Ijjend:

22 That

lO W III. $o9 Mail279

That Mr. Emos, the Constable, ttild him, That if 'he did ndt furnifti them with Mdnfey, his Licence would be fbppressed. \ ,

John Hitchcock said, 'that Lieufenaiit-Cpldnel quartered on him; who tola hitn, his Subsistence was considerable, but, considering the Plate he was in, would be as ealy with him as he Cotfld: Whereupon he paid him a Guinea a Week for himself, and Seven Shillings a Week for his Man: And that there is due to him 40/. upon the same Account.

Thomas Fowler said. He quartered Lieutenant Goodrich, who demanded 12#. per Week for his Subsistence, which he paid him: And that he was told, by Justice Perry, and Mr. Pond, Constable of That he

inuft give the Soldiers their Subsistence.

That Justice Perry told him, "That he must subsist him; but did not tell him what he should give; and that, if he was not able, he must make room for those that were.

Richard Saunderson said, He quartered Robert Watkins, a private Centinel: That Justice Perry ordered him to allow the Soldiers 3$.per Week for Subsistence: Upon which he laid, he was not vefy able: Whereupon he told him, He must make room for those that could: That he offered Bed, Fire, Candle, and Small-Beer; but Justice Perry told him, He must allow the 3 s. per Week besides.

Francis Willet Victualler said, That Two of Colonel Tidcomb's Regiment were quartered on him; and that Justice Bateman ordered him to subsist them; and told him, That in case he did not, he should be bound over, and his Licence suppressed.

Samuel Lee Victualler said, That he quartered Corporal Davis, and Tho. Thomas, private Centinel: That the High Constable prayed him to allow them Subsistence: That he was carried before Justice Bateman, who told him, That he must allow the Corporal 4-?. 6d. and the Soldier 3 s.per Week, for Subsistence: But he said, He was not able to do it: Whereupon the Justice told him. He must do it, or he would fend him to Prison, and take away his Licence: And that his Mittimus was made to fend him to Prison, if he had not found Bail:

He then told the Justice, That he worked at the Ring's Victualling Office, and had trusted the King with his Labour, and had not wherewith to pay this Money; Whereupon the Justice told him, He would fend a Note to the Victualling Office, and he should work there no more; but he said, That such Note had not been sent.

Peter William laid, That be quartered One private Centinel; and to the same Effect as above: And that Justice Bateman ordered him to pay the Soldier 5 a Day, or 3 s. per Week.

Thomas Scrivener Victualler said, He quartered Alexander Wooding, a Soldier; but, refuting to subsist him, was sent before Justice Bateman-, who upon such his Refusal,-would have sent him to Gaol, if Mr. Kingson had not been Bail for him.

That, upon the Justices affirming, he should subsist him but a Fortnight, he complied therewith; and then, refuting longer to subsist him, the Justice bound him over to the Quarter-Sessions: But, being told his Appearance would be very chargeable, he returned to the Justice, and told him, He would continue to subsist him: Whereupon, the Justice's Clerk withdrew the Recognizance, and laid 'twas well.

Jacob Atkinson said. That the Lieutenants and Captains came daily to him, to find Subsistence for the Soldiers; and had Warrants from Justice Bateman to the Inhabitants, to make them allow Subsistence.

He produced 3 Warrants from Justice Bateman, for summoning several Persons before him, for refusing to subsist the Soldiers according to Law.

That the Justice of the Peace said, upon their being carried before him. That he would bind them over, if they did not find the Soldiers Subsistence and Quarters.

Peter Emos said. That he being sent for by my Lord Lucas, he ordered him to tell the Victuallers, That there Vot. XII.

is an Act of Parliament for it; and they must subsist the Quartering Soldiers,'Or else should have their Licehces suppressed. ' Soldiers on

Robert Pond, Constable of Shoreditch, said to the same '

Effect, as above;and that Justice Pem/ said the same to Bim TWo federal times:

That they both told bim, He must allow them 6 per Day; drtd that he sent for the Victuallers, and ordered them to aHdtv the Soldiers Subsistence-money; and that they should be paid suddenly.

That he was willing to subsist them according to the

A61.

Justice Bateman, being heard to these Complaints against him, said, that the Soldiers came to him, in gteat Numbers; and that he always beggdd of the Victuallers to subsist them, as if it had been for an Alms for himself:

That he always.read the Act of Parliament to the VictuallbrS, When be summoned any of them before him; and never told them they were to allow more than 4*/. a Day Subsistence to the Soldiers.

John Wilkinson, Justice Bateman's Clerk, said, That, by his Matter's Order, he commonly read the Act to the Victuallers, when they were lent for before bim.

That Warrants were sent for Scrivener and Lee, w'ho were both unwilling to subsist or quarter the Soldiers; but therfe was no Recognizance taken, or Mittimus made for either of them.

Jacob Atkinson, being further examined, laid, That Justice Bateman read the Act of Parliament to Lee and told him, He must subsist the Soldiers, according to that Act: He believes, the Justice said, He must allow 5 d. per Day; but there was no Meat mentioned: And the Justice further told him, That he would bind him over, if he did not subsist the Soldiers.

Samuel Lee, being likewise examined, owned the fame.

Thomas Scrivener, being further examined, said, That he did not understand, when the Act was read to him, that he was to allow but 4 d.a Dayj and that the Justice tbld them, They must allow 5 d. per Day.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Refoltrtiens following; viz.-.....-

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petitioners had no Grounds of Complaint against the Justices of the Peace, who acted in relation to the Quartering of Colonel Tidcomb's Regiment, and the Tower Hamlets.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, by an Account stated between Mr. Moyer, Agent to the said Regiment, and the Victuallers in the Tower Hamlets, it does appear, That there is due for the said Regiment, to the said ViCluallers, 3,623/. 145. 8; and

that there is due from his Majesty, to the said Regiment,

4,979 5 s. 7 d.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto t>y the House.

The House, according to Order, retained the ad- Luflring* journed Consideration of the Resolutions from the Com- Trade, mittee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was referred; viz. the fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and

Ninth.: ' \ -.

And the Fifth, Sixth, and Seventh Resolutions, being again severally read, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Ninth Resolution being read;

An Amendment was proposed to be made

Ordered, That the said Resolutions be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouraging of the Luftring Company; and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Luftrings and Alamodes; is committed: And that it be an Instruction to the Committee, That they do insert the Matter of the said Resolutions into the Bill accordingly.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to the Order of the Ways and Day, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, Mean*.

to

280 20* —

to whom it was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, over and above the Duties now payable, a further Duty be laid upon Sugar.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Sugar be Five Shillings per Hundred, upon all brown Sugar.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty upon Sugar be Fifteen Shillings per Hundred, upon all white Sugar.

Rtfofoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be granted for the Term of Two Years, and no longer.

Ths First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution;

It passed in the Negative,

Way* and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-Meaw. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 21* die Maii;

ii° Maii. A. 1698.

faneness, That they had drawn Reasons, accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow, viz.

The Commons do conceive, That the First Amendment in the First Skin, Line 14, 15, made by your Lordships, will subject the Jews who live amongst us, to all the Pains and Penalties contained in the Bill; which must therefore of necessity ruin them, and drive them out of the Kingdom; ana cannot be thought was the Intention of your Lordships, since here they have the Means and Opportunities to be informed of, and rightly instructed in, the Principles of the true Christian Religion: For which Reasons, the Commons disagree with your Lordships in the said Amendment

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, Conference upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment . wit^1

Ordered, That Sir John Philips do go to the Lords, Lor<"* and desire the said Conference.

Sir Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in ^on Return, the Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Hawkers and Pedlars, in and Hawken aat about the City of London, in behalf of themselves, and Pe<,l*r*. many others trading or travelling in most Counties of England, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the House intending to continue the Act for the Licenling of Hawkers ana Pedlars, hope the Duty may be lessened, and a longer Time given for the railing thereof; the same being a greater Advantage to the Persons concerned in the Transport Debt, and an Ease to the Petitioners; which they are ready to make appear: And praying to be heard, and to have Relief in tile Premises.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Walter's

Will.

lodging-ham'* Ship Pumps.

Decitno Gulielmi. A Petition of Richard Short and Elizabeth his Wife, Short'*,

and Thomas Holmden and Mary his Wife, Daughters and Petition. Praters. Administratrixes of Antony Smith, late of Rotherhith, in

A BILL for securing the Portions intended by Sir the County of Surry, Mariner, deceased, was presented to William Walter Baronet, deceased, for his Children the House; setting forth, by the LxAyMary Walter his second Wife; and for pre- That the Consideration of the said Petition be re-

venting all Doubts which might arise upon the Construe- ferred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-tion of the Articles and Will therein mentioned; was, committed, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harcourt, A Petition of Thomas an Infant, by William Escapes of

Colonel Granville, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Fairer, Sir John Bromhall, his Father and Guardian, was presented to the Debtor*. Bolls, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Mounjlevens, Mr. Rob. Bertie, House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner being Sir Marm. Wyvell, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Bat- interested in the Office of Warden of the Fleet-, and un-

tifeombe, Mr. Mcady, Mr. Bere, Mr. Poultney, Sir Robert derstanding that Mrs. Johnson, and other Creditors of the Cotton, Mr. Methwyn, Lord Comtingsby, Mr. Moyle, Mr. said Office, have Liberty to add a Saving Clause, for their

Osborne, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Sand ford, Mr. Jen- respective Interests in toe laid Office, in the Act for fur-wing^, Sir Robert Burdet, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Jenkyns, ther Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes, $c.: And Lord Norris, Mr. Price, Mr. Cox, Mr. Bertie, Sir Col. praying Liberty of offering Saving Clauses, as to the Shovell, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Fqley, Mr. Clo- Petitioner's Interest.

berry, Mx. Whittaker, Mr. Palmer, iAr.Brereton, Sit John Ordered, That toe Consideration of the said Petition

Woodhouse, Mr. Shockerly. Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Tre- be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

denham, Mr. James Herbert: And they are to meet at recommitted.

Five a Clock this Afternoon, in toe Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Sufferer* at Mr. Manley, according to Order, presented to the whom it was referred to prepare an humble Address, to Londonden House a Bill for toe Encouraging of Robert Ledgingham's be presented to his Majesty, concerning Londonderry in new-invented Pumps for Ships: And the same was Ireland, be taken into further Consideration upon Tuesday received. Morning next

Suppressing Sir John Philips reported from the Committee, to Profao*ness, whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered to toe Lords, at a Conference, for disagreeing with their Lordships in an Amendment to toe Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Blasphemy and Pro-

Ordered, That Mr. Jenkyns have Leave to go into the1 Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Members W estmimter-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Requests, fammoned.

and

ft

Retraining Expence of Law 5UU5.

Privilege — Viv 'iiftitu-tional Publication.

Ways and Means.

Duties on (iLia, &C»

i o W. III. 21 'Main 281

and summons the Members there, td attend the Service solutions of the Committee thefeupim; which he read Duties on of the House immediately. in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Glass, &c

And he went accordingly. Table: Where the same were read; andare as follow j

Atid, being returned; That the Petitioners being numerous, the Committee

thought fit only to hear Two or Three Witnesses to each An ingrafted Iiill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Petition; and took their Examinations, as followeth;

to restrain the great Expence and Lehgth of Suits in the Upon the Petition of the Glass-makers and Work-Courts of Law and Equity, was, according to Order, read men, in and about Stourbridge, in the County of a Second time. Worcester:

And the Question being put, That the Bill be commit- John Jesson laid, That the Duty laid upon the Glass ted; Manufacture is ruinous to the Trade; and but of little

It passed in the Negative. Advantage to the Crown: 1

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected. That he has not made One Bottle fihce the Commencement of the Duty; having had 100 Dozen ever since by A Complaint being made to the House of a printed him, which he cannot fell, utllefsto Loss.

Pamphlet, intituled, " The same of Ireland's losing bound Edward a Workman, said, That there are

" by Acts of Parliament in England statedThree more Work-houses for the Bottle-Trade at

And some Parts thereof being opened, by which the bridge, which have not worked since the Duty; and that Authority of the Parliament of England is denied to be he has not had One Day's Work since} binding of Ireland; That One Bottle-house employs 100 People when in

And the said Pamphlet being brought up to the Ta- Work; and about 50 to a White-house: That there ble; and the Title thereof read; are 6 or 7 of the White Glals-houses at Stourbridge,

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to examine and five Broad Glals-houses, which employ about the

into the said Pamplet, and to inquire into the Author like Number to an House:

thereof; and report l'uch Railages as they find denying That the said White and Broad Glals-houses, since the the Authority of the Parliament of England;and also, laid Duty, have worked but very little; 7 or 8 Weeks

what Proceedings have been in Ireland, that might oc- in the time they before used to work Forty; whereby calion the said Pamphlet: many of the Petitioners are reduced to that Poverty, as

And it is referred to *. to become a Charge to the Parish where they live j and

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his that many more must, if the Duty be continued.

Majesty, by such Members of this House, as are of his Upon the Petition of the Glafe-makers in and about Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, humbly defir-

ing his Majesty, That he w ill be pleased to direct an Hairy Divon^ a Workman, said, That, before the said Inquiry to be made, who is the Author of the said Pam- Duty, there were Six Bottle-houses at Bristoll, always phlct; and that he may be punished. working; and now blit Three that are employed, and

they hut little; and what they do make, are for Exporta- Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from tion; whereby no Advantage arises to the Crown, because the Committee of the w hole House, to whom it was re- of the Drawback thereupon:

fcrred to consider further of Ways anil Means for rail- That there used to be Four ^Vhitd-houses at work ing the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions there, whereof but Two work,- and they very little, of the said Committee; which they had directed him to James Jones, Workman, said,- That this Tax hath report to the House; which he read in his Place; and ruined both him and his Family; for, before tire Duty, afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the he could earn conliant Wages of 30J- a Week; and now same were read; and are as follow; viz.if he can get a Day's Work, he can earn but 6 d.; and,

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, for want of that Employment, he begged his Way up That, towards railing a Fund for Two Millions, the fur- to Town, leaving his Wife and Four finall Children be* ther Duty, of One Shilling and Eight-pence per Bushel, hind him, to seek Hedress; and that there are 6 or 700 upon Salt, be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Sue- People in the Country, that belonged to the said Work* cessors, redeemable by Parliament. houses, without Employment.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Upon the Petition of the Glass-makers of the City of That, towards raising the said Fund for Two Millions, Gloucester, and Town of Newnham:

the Duty, of Two-pence per Gallon, upon Salt imported; Mr. Balauyn, Owner of a Glals-house, laid. That he and the Duty, of One Peny per Gallon, upon English is concerned in Three Glass-houses at or near Gloucester;

Salt; granted to his Majesty, by an Act made in the and that he has not worked Ten Days since the Duty upon Eighth Year of his Majesty's lleign, until the Twenty-fifth Bottles; whereas before, there were* [above] 100 Families Day of December One thousand Six hundred and Ninety- that depended upon, and had their Support and Employ-

nine; be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, ment from, the said Houses, who now, for the most Part redeemable by Parliament. of them, want Bread: That the Duty raises the Price of the

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, Bottles so high, that his Customers, among whom he That, towards raising the said Fund for Two Millions, chiefly dealt for Cyder, do now put the same into Calk, the additional Duty upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, instead of Bottles; otherwise his Houses would have had and Paper, voted this Session of Parliament, be granted full Employment to this Day.

to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, redeemable by Upon the Petition of the Glals-makers of Newcastle Parliament. upon Tine:

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second Joshua Middleton, Owner of a Glals-house, laid. That

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, he has endeavoured to strive with the Burden of the said agreed unto by the House. Duty; and, to that End, kept his Fire in, and worked, for

Ordered, That a Bill he brought in upon the said Re- Twenty Weeks, and employed his poor Servants; but solutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor- was forced to lay down, not being able to fell the Bottles General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare and bring in the he made, by real'on of the Addition the Duty puts upon Bill. the Price thereof; which puts so great a Restraint upon

their Consumption; besides the Lois they sustain in Fly- Mr. Manley, according to Order, reported, from the ing and Breakage, after the Duty is paid to the King.

Committee, to whom the Considerations of the several John Colt, Workman, laid. He has left his Wife and Petitions, complaining of the Duties upon Glass and Children behind him, at whilst he came to seek

.Eartliern Wares, and Tobacco-pipes, were referred, the for Work at London', and has not had One Day's Work Matter, us it appeared to the said Committee; and the Re- Supplied from the original Report.

Vol. Nil. 4C theft?

Duties on Clots, &c»

282 21 Matt.*4.i6qo>

these 19 Months, the Fires being all out in the Country; but used to get 40 s. a Week, when he was fully employed.

Upon the Petition of the Glass-makers in and about the City of London:

Mr. Hall, an Owner, said, That the Duty upon Glals has loaded that Manufacture to that Degree, that in what little Work they do employ their Servants in, they are forced to confine them, before they work, to accept their Wages in Glass Ware; and so, when they leave off Work, they are forced to hawk about the Country, to turn their Glass Wages into Money.

Daniel Griffin, Workman, said. That he has been out t)f Work these 18 Months past, till, about Three Weeks ago, he got into a Work-house in London, where there is about Two Months Stock to work up; and then never expects a Days Work more, if the Duty continues.

Thomas Gyles, Workman, said, That he has had Work but 8 Weeks, for 18 Months past, when his constant Wages was 40#. a Week; and now wants Dread, for want of Employment to earn it.

Upon the Petitions of the Pipe-makers:

Robert Wood said, That the Consumption of the Tobacco-pipes is so much lessened, since the Duty laid thereupon, that there are not about this Town, where lies the greatest Life of the said Trade, by reason of Ibrne final! Help in Exportation, Two-thirds of the Persons employed therein as formerly, tl»e rest being reduced to the extremest Exigencies of Poverty and Necessity; and those few Servants they have left, daily threaten to desert their Matters, and to betake themselves to some other Work for a Livelihood.

Upon the Petitions of Mr. Dwight, and other Master Pot-makers, and Workers in that Manufacture:

Mr. Philip Dwight, appeared for his Father, be being ill, and produced many Curiosities in the Earthen-ware, made here, in imitation of the finest Commodities of that Nature, coming from Abroad, and performed by great Labour, Charge, and Study; which has been much discouraged and interrupted by the Duty thereupon; and therefore he has forbore making any further Improvement thereof; and, if the Duty be not taken off, must let that Manufacture fall.

Nathaniell Parker said, That he has been in the Stone-Bottle-Trade 25 Years; and is sensible the Duty amounts to 50 /. per Cent, upon that Commodity; and when a Failure happens in Burning, which is often, and no Man can prevent, the Duty amounts to Cent.'per Cent:

That they have not fold so much of their Ware, since the Duty commenced, as they used to do in a Year; whereby half the Workmen are turned off, and want Subsistence; they having now as much Goods beforehand, as will serve a Twelve-month's Sale, without any more Work; and that, before the Duty, they had Demand lor their Wares, fester than the same could be made. Upon the Petition of the Potmakers:

Mr. Crew said, That, since the Duty, their Workmen are become chargeable to the Parish; but before, were maintained by themselves: That, before the Duty, they had a good Trade, which is now much lessened: That he formerly employed 100 Men, and now but Fifty; and his Duty amounts to about tool, per Annum:

That there are 7 White Earthen-ware-houses about London: Two at Bristoll; and One at Norwich, which is since broke.

James Marriner, Workman for Stone Bottles about

London, laid. That his Malter, during the War, till this Duty, employed so many Servants, as their Wages amounted to Thirty Pound a Week, and now but to 8 Pound; and must in a llrort time lay them alide too, or die it will prove his Ruin; the said Duty preventing the Consumption of the said Manufactures: That theieisnot above One third of Stone Dottles fold, as uled to be; and the Country will now buy but very little of any but the low-priced Ware, as those made red and yellow for poor and ordinary Services.

Mr. Pearson said, That there is now 12,000 Dozen of Dottles inStock, at the Glals-house in 18

Mr. Jackson laid, That at Lyn there were Two Work-houses before the Duty; but that they, neither of them, worked since the Duty commenced; but that he has lent down 5 or 6,000 Dozen of Bottles thither, for a Market, and had as many in Slock there, when he left off working.

Upon the Petition of the Tobacco pipe-makers id London:

Richard Hcnsham said, That before the Duty, he usually made an hundred Grofsof Pipes in a Week, and now but 20: then kept Four Mon, and now but One: That the Duty has undone him, by leffeuing the Yent of the said Commodities.

John Michell said. Since the Duty, several Journeymen; that cannot be employed by their Masters, are set up for themselves, feme about Westminster; and, rather than do nothing, and having nothing to lose upon a Forfeiture, if taken, makes some lhifit of living, by running their Goods, and cheating the King of the Duty:

That, before the Duty, he usually employed or 5 Men, and now but One, and scarce has Work for him.

John Bigly said, That he wants Dread, for want of Employment, not being able to earn Five Shillings a Week, when, before the Duty, he used to have constant Work, and could earn 13$. a Week; Wages being paid Six-pence per Gross.

Mr. Dallow, a Bottle-maker in London, said. That he has sold at as good Rates, since the Duty, as before; and that the Consumption is lessened by the War, and not by the Duty: That, within 20 Years, several Contracts had been between the Bottle-makers about London, who did agree not to fell, sometimes under 3 a Dozen, never under 2 s. 6d.; but the Country Manufacturers were not concerned therein.

That upon the said several Complaints of the many Petitioners, the Committee was willing to inform themselves, what the Duties upon the said several Commodities of Glass, Earthen, Stone-ware, and Tobacco-pipes, amounted to, from the 17th Day of May 1696, to the 17th Day of February last past; and, accordingly, made such an Order to the Commissioners for those Duties, who laid such Account before the Committee; whereby it appeared, That the net Duties, upon the said Commodities, for the Time aforesaid, excepting the Duty upon Pipes and Earthen-ware, from the 17th of November, to the said 17th of February, not being charged to that Account, paid into the Exchequer, and in Debt (landing put upon Bond, amounted to 34,0551, ns. 7$ d.

But the Petitioners alleging, There were many Debentures for Drawbacks, that were not come to the Commissioners Hands, or that they had not brought to Account; and that many of the Debts, charged in that were loft to the Crown, the Persons owing the same being broke, and undone, by the Continuance of the said Duty; and that many of the Wares, included in that Account, were still on the Makers Hands;

And therefore, to come at a clear State of the Income of the said Duty, from the Commencement of the fame, to the said 17th Day of February last, the Committee lent their Order, for that Purpose, to the Auditor of the Exchequer; who, the 16th of March last, certified to the Committee as followeth; viz.

That there has been paid into the Exchequer, of the Duties arising by Glass, Stone, and Earthen-wares, from the Commencement of the Act, to the 17th Day of Fe-fown/1697, inclusive, the Sum of 19,258/. 1 — Id.

And, as to the Residue of the before-mentioned Sum of 34,055/. 1 is. "]id. the Commissioners infilled, and offered to prove. That the same did remain in the Manufacturers Hands, upon good Security, and was in no Danger of being loft to his Majesty; but had been for-born, only in Favour to the Manufacturers.

And the Petitioners, in general, complaining of what greater I Iardships they were yet likely to undergo, by the Duties then voted, by this House, to be laid upon Coals; alleging, That the Duties upon the Coals they burn in the making of 100l. worth of Manufacture, amount

to

ioW.III. 2i°--23° — 24° Mail 283

to .5/.: that every Bottle-house about the Town, before the Duty upon Glass Wares, used to bum Twenty Chaldron of Coals a Week, and in the Country about Thirty Ton a Week; and that a Bushel of Coals goes to the burning every Four CirOfs of Tobacco-pipes:

The Commissioners for the Duties, by Order, laid before the Committee the following Proposals, in Writing, for regulating the said Duties with greater Equality, and -Ease to the Manufacturers; viz.

lit, That 10/. per Cent, on the Duty of Flint and Green Glass, and 15/. per Cent, on Plate Glass, and $1. per Cent, on the Pipes and Earthen-ware, be allowed to the Maker for Breakage.

2. That the Duty on Glass, now laid ad valorem, be altered, and laid on the several Species of Glafc to be enumerated.

3. That a higher Duty be laid on the Importation of

all foreign Glass, and Earthen-wares, and a Prohibition ,on all foreign Tobacco-pipes.

4. That Care be taken, in the Enumeration, to take off Part of the Duty upon each particular Sorts of Glass, where it lies unequally; and to lay it on other Sorts, where it may be easier to the Manufacturers.

5. That no Glass, or Earthen-wares, be exported from Ireland to any of his Majesty's Colonies and Plan* Nations.

The Commissioners did also lay before the Committee some Heads, which they conceived proper for Improvement of the Duty; and for which, if needful Clauses were provided for its due Collection, they laid, they are ready to procure sufficient Persons to farm the same at 40,000l. per Annum, clear of all Charges.

A Copy of the said Proposals being, by Order, delivered to the Petitioners, and a Day given them to be heard thereupon, the Petitioners dissented from the Proposals; and offered several Objections, in Writing, against the fame; insisting, That the said Proposals, if* complied with, would be very little or no Ease to the Petitioners, in their Manufacture of the said Wares.

That, upon the w hole Matter, the Committee came to the Refutations following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have made good the Allegations of their several Petitions.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Produce of the several Duties laid upon Glass, Stone, Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes, are of little Advantage to the Crown, grievous in the Col left ion, and, if continued, will prove destructive to the said several Manufactures.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be relerred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to coo&ler of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mates given . Ordered, That the Bill for the better Discovery of s>> superfl1* Estates given to superstitious Uses be read the Third tiOUS time upon this Day Sevennight.

CwunittMs. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning,

Nine a Clock.

Luna, 23°

Decimo Gulielmi.

P RATERS.

A BIL L for the Encouragement of Robert -

ram Ship- A ham's new-invented Pumps for Ships was read the ?ianpj. First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time on

Friday Morning next.

Mr. Bren er reported from the Committee, to whom

Vol. XII.

the Bill to enable John JenkynsMerchant to fell some JenV.yns* Part of his Estate, for the Payment of his Debts, w as committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made some Amendments thereunto; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be fogrofied.

A Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thou- Railing the sand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, although the Month's Militia.

Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee x»f the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to conffder of the said Bill,

An ingrossed Bill to stop the Coining of Farthings and Copper Halfpence, for One Year, was read the Third time. Coinage.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to Hop the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence, for One Year.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto,

A Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the Preventing Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Glfe Election Sixth, for remedying fallfe and undue Returns of Mem- ^eturas‘ ! bers of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the Affiae of Bread was, accord* Assize of fog to Order, read the Third time. ' Bread.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrossed Bill to settle the Trade to Africa was, African according to Order, read the Third time. Trade,

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for the Duration of the Act:

And the same was twice read, with a Blank; and the Blank filled up:

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act to settle the Trade to Africa.

Ordered, That Mr. A arris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 24* die Mail;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

MR. Norris reported from the Committee, to whom Embezzle* the Bill for enforcing the Laws against such as steal ment of and embezzle his Majesty's Ammunition, Sails, Cordage, Naval Store*, and other Habiliments of War; and for preventing divers Cheats and Frauds in the paying of Seamen serving on board his Majesty's Ships; was committed;

That

Preservation of Naval Stores.

Walter's

Will.

284 24° Ma^.1698.

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein shall hinder the principal Officers, Commissioners of the Navy, or other chief Commanders of his Majesty's Ships at Sea, from lending any of his Majesty's Stores to any Merchants Ships in time of Distress:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That no Ecclesiastical Court, or Person whatsoever, shall take any more than One Shilling for the writing any Jitters of Administration, granted to the Wife or Children of any Seaman dying in his Majesty's Pay, unless his Goods amount to Twenty Pounds, on Forfeiture of Ten Pounds:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by, the House.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the better paying the Seamen:

And the same was read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Norris also reported from the said Committee, That they had, according to Order, inspected the Laws in force, and near expiring, for securing and preserving his Majesty's Naval Stores; and preventing Disturbances at the Offices where Seamens Wages are stated, adjusted, or paid: That they had inspectea the same accordingly; and had come to a Resolution j which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; which has been revived and continued by several other Acts, and now expiring; be continued.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Act, made in the Sixteenth Year of the Reign of the late King Charles the Second, intituled, An Act to prevent the Disturbances of Seamen, and others; and to preserve the Stores belonging to his Majesty's Navy Royal; which has been revived and continued by several other Acts, and now near expiring; be continued.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Norris do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Lord Norris reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for securing the Portions intended by Sir William Walter Baronet, deceased, for his Children by the Lady Mary Walter his Second Wife; and for preventing all Doubts which might arise upon the Con-itruction of the Articles and Will therein mentioned; was committed; That they hud made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Colonel Philip Harvard was presented to

the House, and read; letting forth, That his present..

hath been pleased to grant the Petitioner a Petition of 400l. per Amum, issuing out of the Royal Oak Lottery: That

by the Bill now depending, for ihppressing the said Lottery, the Petitioner will be deprived of the said Bounty: And praying Relief in the Pretnifes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Robert Doughty, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That King Charles the Second being pleased to ordain the letting up of Lotteries, for Relief of indigent Officers, among whom the Petitioners were intended to be included; That, Thirteen of the said Officers having represented to his said late Majesty, That the Profits of the said Lotteries were insufficient for the Relief of all the said Officers, his Majesty was pleased to grant the said Profits to them for Thirteen Years, excluding the Petitioners, and above 200 Officers more: And praying Relief out of the said Lotteries, or by such other Methods as to the House shall feera meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Major-General Earle have Leave logo into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of the East India Company was presented

to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have the Idle Trade to the East Indies granted them by several Charters of Queen Elizabeth, and other his Majesty's Royal Predecessors; and those confirmed by his present Majesty for Twenty-one Years, from November 1693, under many Regulations, agreed upon by this House: That they are informed a Proposal is given into this House, of a Loan to be made to Persons not interested in the said Company, so as they may have the foie Trade to India, China, &c. exclusive of all others: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and preserve the Petitioners just Rights and Inheritance*

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom it is referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself into the said Committee of the whole House.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some further Progress in the Matter

to them referred.

Sir John Philips reported, That he, according to Order, had been at the Lords, to desire a Conference upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppression of Blasphemy and Prostine-nels; and that they do agree to a Conference accordingly, Tomorrow at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Resolved, That the Committee who where appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference, do manage the said Conference.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That all Committees, but the Committee, to whom the Bill for the vesting a Copperas-work, Part of

the

Prevention of Gaming.

Relief of

indigent

Officer*.

Leave of Absence.

East India Company.

Ways and Mean*

Conference with Lords*

Supply Bill $ Hawkers an4 Pedlars.

Committee*.

Sheriffs

Accounts*

Committees.

ilogtrs'

Estate.

Exporting

Watches.

Escapes of Debtors.

Rogers*

El'isie.

Exporting Wool, Fullers Earth, &c.

Jenkin's

Estate.

io W. III. 240 — 350 — 26°Matt. 285

the Estate of Robert Mascall Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon, w as committed, be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 25* die Mail; Dechno Guliehni.

Praters.

/~\RTIERED, That a Message he font to the Lofds, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the tnore easy passing Sheriffs Accounts, and Execution of their Offices: And that Mr. Colt do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Message from the' Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitts:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting in Thomas Rogers Gentleman an absolute Estate of Inheritance, in Fee-simple, in the Manor oiJVest-Court, Manlion-house, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent; and securing to John Hig-gons Gentleman, and Alice his Wife, and (for Portions for) Irene, Margaret, Mary, and Alice Cesar, Monies,

in lieu of their Claims thereunto: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

An ingrossed Bill to explain the Act, in the Seventh and Eighth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into tire Mints, to be coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the Coin of the Kingdom; so as to give Leave for the exporting "Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver; was read the Third time,

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Manufactures of Silver.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Mompesson do cafry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whqm the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; was re-committed; be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ain ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, At. 'ft for vesting ip Thomas Rogers Gentleman an absolute Estate of Inheritance, in Fee-simple, in the Manor of West-Coilrt, Mansion-house, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent; and securing to John gons, Gentleman, and Alice his Wife, and (for Portions for) Irene, Margaret, Mary, and Alice Cesar, Monies, in lieu of their Claims thereunto; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from die Committee, to wbm the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool to Scotland was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Merchant to

fell some Part of his Estate, for die Payment of his Debts, w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable John Jenkin Merchant to fell some Part of his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That Mr. Bremer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, made pon tutwot. in die Twenty-third Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns; have Power to receive a Clause to enlarge the Time for delivering the Precepts to the Cinque- Ports, for making their Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill pa^er* for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed die Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments diereunto; which they had directed him to report^ when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Then the Managers went to the Conference upon the Suppressing Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, Profeneaela* to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppressing of Blasphemy and Profanenels.

And, being returned j

Sir John Philips reported, That they had given the Lords the Reason6 for disagreeing to one of the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

Then the House, according to Order, resolved itself Way* and into a Committee of the whole House, to consider fiir- Mean*, tlier of W'ays and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 26° die Mail; Decimo Gulielmi.

Prater*.

ORDERED, That Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Staines, Mitchel- Mr. Thompson, Mr. Yates, Sir Marrn. Sir ^urne'»

Edw. Hungerford, Mr. Speake, Mr. Thomhaugh, be etit, O0‘ added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel John Mitchelburne Was referred.

An ingrossed Bill for securing the Portions intended Walter'* by Sir William Walter Baronet, deceased, for his Chil- "'lU* dren by the Lady Mary Walter his Second Wife; and for preventing all Doubts which might arise upon the Construftiort of the Articles and Will therein mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for securing the Portions intended by Sir William Walter Baronet, deceased, for his Children by the Lady Mary Walter his Second Wife; and for preventing all Doubts which might arise upon the Construction of the Articles and Will therein mentioned.

4 D Ordered,

aS 6

26® Afo«.

1698.

Tw (ford's Estate*

Ordered, That the Lord Norris do carry the Bill to . the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enabling Humphrey Trafj Esquire to raise the Sum of Four tiiouldna Pounds upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts: And that Mr. Brotht do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Belief of Creditors.

Mafcall'*

Debt*.

Leave of

Absence.

A Petition of George Moor, of London, Merchant, wa£

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Six Years since, the Petitioner obtained a Judgment in the King's Bench, againl't William Esquire for

2,000l. and 2 sl.Costs of Suit: That, in 1694, the Petitioner sued out an Elegit in the County of on

the said Judgment; and extended the Manor of Great Hasely, and other I^nds of the said Lent halts, thereon; and had Possession thereof for some time; but was after-si ards put out of Pofiession by Edmund Boulter Esquire, Executor of Sir John Cutler, upon Pretence of a Security made to him by the said Lenthall: That the Petitioner is informed, there is a Clause in a Bill for the further Belief of Creditors. 8$c. to enable Mr. Boulter to fell the said Lands; whereby the Petitioner will be for ever excluded: And praying he may have a Saving Clause of his Bight added to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Keport be made from the Committee, to whom the said Bill is re-committed.

Sir Henry Colt reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the veiling a Copperas-work, Part of the Estate of Robert Mascall Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be inj ffed.

Ordered, That the Lord Ashly have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Oc-caCons.

Supply Bill; Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Dune* on House a Bill for increasing his Majesty's Duties upon Luftrings,4c. jyU(jrings aiKj Alamodes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Andrew's have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ltave of

Absence.

Supply Bill; Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported from a Hawkers and Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for ed r>" licensing Hawkers and Pedlars was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in tot the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and ' upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the 1 louie.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, " That " Attornies at Law shall be deemed Hawkers:"

And the same was once read; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-groll'ed.

Sir T/iomas Littleton, according to Order, reported 17

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it Ways and was referred to consider further of Ways and Means for Means, raisirtgthe Supply granted to his Majesty; and who were impowered to receive Propofols for settling the Trade to the East Indies; the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, New E. India That his Majesty he impowered to name Commissioners, Company *-to take Subscriptions for advancing of Two Millions, toblish«d. upon an Interest of 8 I. per Cert.'per Annum, and the JJberty of Trading to the East-indies, exclusive of all others.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Subscribef, for advancing the said Two Millions, may have Liberty of Trading yearly to the Amount , of his respective Subscription; or may assign over such his Liberty of Trading to any other Person.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That his Majesty be impowered to incorporate such of

the said Subscribers as shall desire the some.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the Powers and Privileges, for carrying on the said East India Trade, shall be settled by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Subscribers shall enjoy the said 8 /. per Cent. and Liberty of Trading to the East Indies, exclusive of all others, for the Term of Ten Years, and until the same shall be redeemed by Parliament.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That every Person subscribing 500l. have a Vote; and no Person to have more Votes than one.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That all Ships laden in the East Indies shall be obliged to deliver in England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Person, that shall be a Member of any Corporation trading to the East Indies, shall trade otherw ife than in the joint Stock of such Corporation, of which he is a Member.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That .5 /. per Cent, ad valorem, upon all Returns from the East Indies, be paid by the Importer, to be placed to the Account of the Subscribers, towards the Charge of fending Embassadors, and other extraordinary Expences.

Resolved, That, it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, over and above the Duties now payable, a further Duty of One Shilling and Ten-pence per Pound Weight be laid upon all wrought Silks imported from India and

Persia, to be paid by the Importer.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made by leaving out " and the Liberty of Trading to the East Indies, exclusiveof all others:"

And the Question being put, That those Words stand Part of the Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

I R It* A

is6.

Tellers for the Yeas,{J£

Tellers for the Noes,{££ ,

99-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That his Majesty be impowered to name Commissioners, to take Subl'criptions for advancing of Two Millions, upon an Interest of 8 /. per Cent, per Annum, and the Liberty of Trading to the East Indies, exclusive of all others.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally pojt thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions; And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr.

Solicitor-

ioW. III.

Mail

Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowdo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 27* Maii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Morgan, Mr. Lo^i'ther, Mr. Arnold, Mr-. Fleming, Colonel

Kirkby, Mr. Mason, Mr. Yates, Mr. Fuller, Sir John Kuy, Mr. Hedger, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Sir Wm.

Hustler, Mr. Harrison, Sir Henry Colt, Mr.

Mr. Thompson, Sir John BucknaMr. Battiseomb, Mr.

Herbert, Mr. Philip Bertye, Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Jerv. Elzves, Sir John Sir

Lorwther, Mr. Taylor: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

DefborW*

Share of

Priic*

Ship

Maryland

Merchant.

Building Ships uf War.

Ditto

Ordnance.

Preventing false Election Returns.

Vi&ualHng

Office

Arrears,

Praters.

ORDERED, That Sir Marm. Wyvall, Mr. Moor, Mr. Woodroffe, Mr. Lambton, Lord Ashly, Mr. Til-ney, Sir Ralph Dutton, S'wJohn Sir Parsons,

Mr. Vincent, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Charles Desbormo is referred.

A Petition of Erasmus Dole, Charles Pope, and others, the Oh ners of the Ship Maryland Merchant, of Bristol, was presented to the House and read; setting forth. That the said Ship Maryland has, by several Disasters, been prevented from arriving in this Kingdom, by the Time allowed by the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade: That being debarred from coming hither, will be a Loss to his Majesty of 8,0001. Custom, as well as to the Petitioners, the Owners: And praying. That Leave may be given to brins in a Bill for permitting the said Ship, with her Loading, to return to England, without incurring the Penalty of the said Act"

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Yates do prepare, and bring ifi, the Bill.

Sir CioudeslySkovell, according to Order, presented to

the House, from the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, an Account of what the Surplus of the Monies and Stores, and the Value thereof, are, which have been provided for building and equipping the Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, appointed, by a late Act of Parliament, to be built for his Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Mr. Lowther, according to Order, presented to the

House, from the Office of Ordnance, an Account of the overplus Money appropriated to the said Office, for Guns, «§'<* for the said Seven-and-twenty Ships.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns; is committed; have Power to receive a Clause, for the more easy electing Knights of the Shire.

" O

A Petition of the working Coopers, Brewers Servants, Bakers Servants, and Labourers, belonging to the Victualling-Office, in London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have Fifteen Months Pay due to them, and the Commissioners do offer to pay them only Three Months Pay, in Salt-Tallies; by which they shall lole Four Shillings in the Pound, taking no Notice of their Arrears for Twelve Months: And praying the Confide ration of the House, and Relief therein.

Resolved, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House;

And it is referred to Mr. Robert Bertie, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Foley, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Charles Windham, Sir John Walters, Sir Clou. Shovell, Mr. Henly, Sir Marm. Wyvall, Mr. Duke, Mr. Mr. diamond,

Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Colt, Mr. Boscawen, Mr.

Vol. XII.

An ingrossed Bill for vetting a Copperas-Work, Part MafcaUI. of the Estate of Robert Mascall Esquire, t deceased, in 1,ebu* Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be,

An Act for vesting a Copperas-work, late Part of the Estate of Robert Mascall Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard Baekw«ll"a and Sir Richard Holford: Creditor*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Ix>rds have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Relief of the Creditors of Edward Backwell Esquire, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inspect Impeach-the Journals of the House of Lords, what hath been done mentuf by the Lords upon the Impeachments against John Gou- oudet' "c" det, and others, and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Rowl. Gwyn, Sir John Bolls,

Mr. Smith, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Wm. or any

Three of them.

Sir Rowland Gwyn acquainted the House, That he Impeach-

hath sufficient Evidence against John and men* of Du-

AuriaU, to shew their being greatly concerned in the Smuggling-Trade of Luftrings and Alamodes; and to un make good an Impeachment against them for the fame.

Resolved, That the said John Dumaistre be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Resolved, That the said John Auriall be impeached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do go to the Lords, and, in the Name of all the Commons of England, impeach the said John Dumaistre, and John Auriall of High Crimes and Misdemeanors; and acquaint them, That this House will in due time, exhibit Articles of Impeachment against them, and make good the feme.

Ordered, That the Committee, which was appointed to draw up Articles of I mpeachment against John and others, do draw up the Articles of Impeachment against the said John Dumaistre and John Auriall.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Luftring* Encouraging of the Luftring Company; and the moreef- Trade, feftual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Luftrings and Alamodes; is committed; have Power to receive a Clause for the importing several Bales of Raw Silks from Holland, paying the Duties for the fame.

Sir Thomas Frankland reported from the Committee, Privilege — who were appointed to inquire, how Post-Letters, directed Member* to Members of the House, came to be intercepted, and- etters* taken away; and to consider of the best Means to prevent the like for the future; That they had examined the Matter; and found, That one Richard was the Person who intercepted the said Letters: And that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

That

288

270 Man.

A. 1698.

Privilege-

Members

Letters.

That Information being given to Sir Thomas Frank-kind, upon the 29th Day of April 1698, That one Richard Frogatt, who was put into Prison for Debt, had a great Number of Letters in his Chamber, directed to several Members of Parliament, Sir Thomas Frankland ordered Mr. Aoent, Secretary to the Poll Office, to go and make Inquiry into that Matter; which he accordingly did.

And, being examined at the Committee, said, That he applied himself to one Mr. J one of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, for his Warrant, to search the Chambers of the said Richard; which was

granted; and he taking a Constable with him, upon Search, they found, in the said Frogatts Chamber, 2 or ^00 Letters opened, that were directed to Members of Parliament; which they seized, and carried to the said' Justicfe, and desired, that he would grant his Warrant io ffdliafn Jennings, Keeper of Prison, for the more safe Custody of the said Frogatt; which was done, and the Warrant delivered to the said Joinings.

The next Day, upon Application to ray Lord Chief dustice Holt, he like wife granted his Warrant, to the said Joinings, for flie keeping in Custody the said Frogat, till he should be legally discharged: But notwithstanding all thele Cautions to the Gaol-keeper, the said Frogatt made his Escape upon the 3d Day of May: Upon which. Complaint was made to the Lord Chief Justice, who summoned the said Joinings to appear before him; and, upon his Appearance, bound him over to the Sessions, to answer die Escape of his Prisoner.

Joinings did acknowledge his having received the Warrants, both of the Justice of Peace, and my Lord Chief Justice: That he did give ftri& Charge to all his People, to take care of the said F, that he might not escape: But confessed, he went at large among the other Prisoners; and upop die 3d lestant, in the Evening, when he w as abroad, the Turnkey opening the Door, to let some Persons in, the said Frogatt rallied by, and made his Escape; that the Turnkey, who was an old Woman, called after him; but he got quite away from her. The laid Jennings proimfed to use his utoioft Endeavour to retake him.

Mrs. Carcetk, at whole (a) [House] the said Frogatt lodged, did confirm what was said by Mr.: As did also Mrs. Ruthin, a Person lodging in the same House.

The Constable, Mr. Palmer, did produce die Letters taken in the said Frogatt's Lodgings; and such as had any Directions at all led, were directed to Members of Parliament; but great Numbers had the Writing Part tore out, as also tlx: Superscription.

Mr. Bar ns, Hoe Head borough, laid. That Frogatt being first apprehended for Debt, lie was font to search his Chambers, and therein found a great Number of Keys; which he produced at the Committee: And it appeared. That some of them had been filed, in order to make Pick-lock Keys on.

The said Frogatt was retaken by Mr. one of

his Majestj's Messengers; and, upon Order of die Committee, brought before them upon the 10th Indent; who, upon his Examination, did acknowledge, That he had, from the 4th Day of April lall, every Polt-day, constantly taken Letters out oi the Boxes at the Lobby-Door, till such time as be was put in Prison for Debt, which was upon the One-apd-twentieth of April:

That his Friends had been unkind to him; and hath had great Misfortunes, which reduced him to low Circumstances; and that, by this means, be was in Hopes to meet with some Bills of Exchange, to have enabled him to have gone beyond Seas: That he was a younger Son of a Gentleman in Derbyshire, and had but a linall Fortune: That he had difobltg|ed his Friends, by marrying a Woman of an ill Reputation; which made them take no Care for his Subfifience.

Being asked. Whether lie had received any Benefit by the Letters he bad so intercepted? hepofitively denied, that he had.

That he didown, he employed a Person in Hunger ford (a) Supplied from the original Report.

Market to' receive a Bill of Exchange for 30/. 15.?. drawn upon Mr. Polcy in the Temple, payable to Mr.

Archdale Palmer; but that the BUI was not paid.

He was likewise asked, If he had any Accomplices who joined with him in this Practice, or were to be Sharers of the Benefit he hoped to receive by it: He po-fitively affirmed, That no Person whatsoever was privy to it; but that he tranl'acted it altogether by himself.

He was also asked concerning the Pick-lock Keys; and answ'ered, lie never made use of them; but did not disown his having it in his Thoughts, that, some time or other, he should lie reduced to supply himself with foine Money, by making tife of them.

He confessed, That in some other Letters, finding several Things were font up by the Carrier to several Members, he defigtied to have intercepted them; but never did any such thing

Leonard IViguigton, who was the Person employed by

<hc said Fivgatt, to receive the Bill of 30/. 1.5 s. of VI r.

Poley, did fey, That the said Frogatt was altogether a Stranger to him; but, upon his giving him the Bill, he did carry it to Mr. Poleys Chamber; where he was told, the Bill would be paid next Day, if he would come him-(elf: And Frogat afterwards came to him, the said ll ig-

ingten, to go with him to Mr. Poley s; but, when they came to Cement-Garden, Frogatt ma<fe an Excuse to call in some Alley thereabouts, and gave him the Slip: And that lie had not one Farthing for his Pains.

It did not appear to the Committee, That the said IVig-ington was known to the said Frogatt before that time.

Upon the whole Examination, it likew ifc appeared to the Committee, That there had been several Members Letters taken out of the Boxes, both before the time Frogatt confessed himself to be guilty of this Pia&ice, god likewise Cnee lie was in Custody: So dial there is Reason to suspefi, there are oilier Persons, who are Accomplices with him, or guilty of the like ill Practice: Bu^ to prevent the like Miscarriages for the future, the Cear mittee came to the Rcfoiutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of tills Committee,

That, as a proper Means to prevent the Intercepting of Letters belonging to the Members oi the House, lor the future, the Person appointed to bring tlieoi from the General Post-Office ibail constantly [every Post-day^ attend two Hours, at the leait, at the Place appointed for the Delivery of the said Letters; and take care, during his Stay there, to deliver the same to the several Members, to whom they shall be directed, ami no other.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Officer, upon his going away, shall give such Letters as shall remain undelivered, to one of the Servants belonging to the House; who shall take care to deliver the said Letters to the several Members, to w hom they are directed, their known Servants, or to such Persone who shall produce a Note under the Hands of the Members who shall tend for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Ojiinion of tlus Committee

That a more convenient Place should be appointed, from whence the Letters may be delivered; or that the Place from whence they are at present delivered be enlarged.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Seconal time, were, upon the Qucliiou severally put thereupon agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do prosecute the said Richard Frogatt for the said Crime.

Refobced, That tlus House will, upon Monday Morn- pweniMg ing next, relblve itself into a Couunittce of the whole f.di Hectic* House, to consider of the Bill for making more effectual 1^turu£-an A 6t,made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns.

An ingrossed Bill for enforcing the Laws against such Etnbezzle-as steal and embezzle his Majesty's Ammunition, Sails, meat of Cordage, or other Habiliments of War; and for pre- avdl$*t*> (bj Supplied from the original Report.

venting

to W. III.

27* — 28° Mail.

Venting divers Cheats and Frauds, in the paying of Seamen fervingon board his Majesty's Ships; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act t »r the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Mdjeitys Stores ot War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; Mr. Laicndes, according to Order, presented to the

pure haling House a Bill lor enlarging the Time for purchasing

Annuities. certain Estates, or Interests, in several Annuities, therein mentioned: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ways and The House resolved itself into a Committee of the Means. whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refutned the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, that they had come to several Resolutions; which they had dirt sted him to report, when tire House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report 'be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow

Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbali, 28* die Mail Decirao Gulielmi.

Prayers.

Prevention of A PETITION of Ja Esquire was presented

Gaming. jt\_ to the House and read; setting forth, That there being a Clause in the Bill, now depending, to prevent Gaming, relating to the Royal Oak Lottery, wherein the Petitioner's lnlereft is concerned: And praying'to be heard touching the lame, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee, on Monday next, when they are to fit.

Payment of Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to inquire Malt- into Reasons why the Malt-Tickets are no better lekets. paid; and to report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Mr. Sayre, Sir John Kaye, Sir Tho.Roberts, Sir Mr Mr.

Lawther, Sir H. Dutton Colt, Mr. Sir Clo.

Lord Fairfax, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Frexoin, Mr.

Mr. Bertie, Mr. White, Mr. Newport, Mr. Blackwell, Mr Stephens, Mr. Pudsey, Sir Wm. Cooper, Mr. Mr. York, Mr. Mawdit, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Jenkins; or any Five of them: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Blackwell's An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Creditors. for the Relief of the Creditors of Blackwell

Esquire, deceased, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ledging- A Bill for the Encouragement of Robert Ledgingham's scam's Ship new-invented Pumps for Ships was, according to Order, PumP*' read a Second time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Vo i* XII.

Telford* Yea} 4*

Te,to for, he Noe,{^S^V }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And it is committed to, Mr. Blofeild, Sir H. D. Colt,

Mr. Bertie, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Sir Tho. Barnardiston, Mr. Shakerky, Sir Mr.

Hedger, Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Ralph Delavall, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Herbert, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Maudit, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Norris, Sir Jervas Sir

Richard Onslow, Mr. Bere, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir John Kaye, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Sand ford, Sir Fran. Massant,

Sir Clo. Shovell, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Gery, Mr. Lowndes, Sir

John Bolls, Mr. Pendarves, Lord P Mr. Lawther,

Sir Wm. Lawther, Lord Irwyn, Mr. Cloberry, Mr.

Baldwin, Sir Cha. Hot ham. Lord Fairfax, Mr. Lyster,

Mr. Gauntlett, Mr. Manley: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber: And it is an Instrufifcron, That they do hear -'

House, with relation to the said Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars'Supply Bill; was, according to Order, read the Third time. Hawkers and

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be, e ttr*‘

An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Duties on House a Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the Marriages, charging, collecting, and paying, the Duties upon Mar- &c* riages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers; and' for better answering the producing thereof into the Exchequer, for or towards the Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest Money charged thereupon: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Railing ths ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Militia.

House, to consider of the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Watlington have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. , Absence.

Sir John Kaye, according to Order, reported from the Exporting

Committee, to whom the Bill for the Explanation, and Wool, Fullers better Execution, of former Acts, made against Trans- Earth» &c* portation of Wool and Fullers Earth, was committed,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause w»as offered to be added to the Bill, That the Hundred of Winchelsea, in the Cinque Ports, being di-

vided by a navigable Arm of the Sea, shall be deemed, in respect to the said Act only, as Two distinct hundreds; and the Penalties, which may be forfeited thereby, shall affect, and be levied on, that Part only of the said Hundred, which lies on the feme Side of the said Arm of the Sea, out of which such Exportation shall be quade:

And the feme was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Henry Colt reports from the Committee appointed Address to prepare an Address, to be presented to his Majesty, touching dif-touching the disbanding the Soldiers, That they had pre- banding pared an Addrefe accordingly; which they had directed Soldiers*

4 E him

Impeachment oi Gaudet, See.

Ways and Means.

290

28° Maii. A. 1698.

him to" report to the House $ which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having taken into our Consideration the many and daily Complaints that come before us, from the reduced Men and Troopers out of your Majesty's several Regiments of Horse, Foot, and Dragoons, who have signalized their Loyalty to your Majesty, and Duty to their Country, against their' respective Officers; who have not complied with your Majesty's most gracious Orders, made in their Favour and for their Advantage, as well by their stoppage of several Sums of Money out of their immediate Subsistence, as by detaining their Horses, Cloaths, and other Accoutrements; to the great Disadvantage of your Majesty's Service:

We therefore do most humbly pray, That your Majesty would be graciously pleased to direct, That Persons, not concerned in the Army, may be named and appointed to examine how your Majesty's Royal Orders have been observed; and that Provision be made, by such Persons fully impowered, that the reduced and disbanded Men may be relieved in their just Complaints; and that such disbanded Soldiers may be punished, in the several Towns and Places, who shall be found going from Market to Market, unjustly complaining that they are stript, disbanded, and not paid.

Ordered, That the said Address do lie upon the Table.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, That the Members appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, what hath been done by the Lords upon the Impeachments against John Gaudet, and others, had inspected the fame accordingly: An Account whereof he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table; Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

May 11th. A Committee was appointed to search Precedents, concerning the Method of receiving Impeachments; and report their Opinion.

18th. The Report being made from the said Committee, the Persons impeached were ordered to be taken into Custody of the Gentleman Ulher of the Black Rod, till further Order:

19th. The Persons impeached were allowed Copies of the Articles against them; and ordered to put in their Answers,. respectively, on Wednesday the 25th; and were allowed Counsel:

They were further ordered to enter into a Recognizance of 5,000l. apiece, and their several Sureties in 5,000l. for their respective personal Appearance before the Lords in Parliament, from Day to Day, until further Order of the House.

20th. Peter Longueville was bailed.

23th. The other Persons were bailed; and they had further Time given them to put in their Answers, till Friday the 27th.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, for making up his Majesty's Revenue, of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, Post Office, and small Branches, 700,000 I. per Annum, for a Provision for the

Civil List, the new Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, continued to the First Day of February One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-nine, be granted to his Majesty, during his Life.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That whatsoever the said Revenues, of the Hereditary and Temporary Excise, Post-Office, and small Branches, and the new Subsidies of Tonage and Poundage, to be

Sted as aforesaid, shall exceed 700,000 Annum, be appropriated to such Uses as shall be directed by Parliament.

The said Resolutions, being severally read, a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Timber in Meredith: New Forei

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Gery reported from the Committee, to whom Escapes of the Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Debtor»* Escapes; and for preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; was re-committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were difa-greed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time, That # #

The Petition of Moore, which lay on the Table, was read:

And the Clause amended, as to him:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clanfe B being read a Second time, That # #

The same was amended:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause D (a)being read a Second time, That nothing in

the said Act shall extend to defeat Thomas of

London, Gentleman, of the Benefit of Articles, made and dated the 25th of November 1684, between IVm. Lent-hall Esquire, and him, for the granting the Office of Mar-. shal of the Marshalsea of the Court of King's Bench, by

him the said Wm. Lenthall, to the said Thomas Saviar;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It paded in the Negative.

Another Clause, instead of the latter, was offered, to be added to the Bill:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause w'as offered, to be added to the Bill,

That, after the 24th of June 1698, no Judge shall receive or take any Gratuity of any Gaoler, Marshal,

Warden, or Prisoner, of the Kings-Bench, or Fleet-Prison, on Pain of forfeiting his Office of Judge:

And the same was Twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That nothing in this, or any other former Act, shall extend to prejudice the Title of Tho. Beakbane and Francis Woodward, or their Assigns, to the Offices of Porter or Chamberlain to the Prison of King's-: And the same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message

(a)It appears by the Clerk's Minute-Book, That a Clause, marked C, was reported from the Committee, and was agreed to by the House; hut the Proceedings thereupon are omitted in the Journal.

Impeachment of Goudet, &c.

Supply Bill; Lottery Tickets.

Windham's

Estate.

Impeachment of Goudet, &c.

Wyndham's

Estate.

Kogers'

Estate.

io W. III. a8° — 30° Mail.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Miles Cooke and And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in Mr. Meredeth. the Speaker s Chamber.

Mr. Speaker,

We are commanded by the Lords to acquaint this Mr. according to Order, presented to the House Ship

House, That John Goudet, David Barrau, Peter Longue- a Bill for giving Leave to the Ship Maryland Merchant, gjj*

ville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudooin, Nicholas Santini, to import her Lading into this Kingdom: And the same and Peter Diharce, Merchants, and John Pearce, Gentle- was received; and read the First time.

man, have put in their several and respective Answers to Rejo That the Bill be read a Second time upon the Articles of Impeachments, brought from this House, Friday Morning next, against them; which their Lordships communicate to this

Housei and desire. That the said original Answers may A Bill for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Supply Bill; be returned with all convenient Speed. Also, Estates, or Interests, in several Annuities, therein men- gy

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act tioned, was read a Second time, for the better and more orderly Payment of the Lottery- Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee Tickets, now payable, out of certain additional Duties of of the whole House.

Excise; and of other Annuities, lately payable, out of the . Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Tonage-Duties; without any Amendment. Also, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act consider of the said Bill, to enable Trustees to make Leases, grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits, of the Estates late of Sir Ed- A Bill for Increasing his Majesty's Duties upon Lus- Supply Bill; ward Windham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton Windham trings and Alamodes was read a Second time. uftrinw &c.

Esquire deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee 6 ' Windham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein of the whole House.

mentioned, with some Amendments: To which Amend- Resolved, That this House will Tomorrow Morning, ments they desire the Concurrence of this House. resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

And then the Messengers withdrew. consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Message from the Lords, touching the Impeachments against the said John Goudet, and others, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 30* Mail;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

THE Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to make Leases, grant Copies, and receive the Rents and Profits, of the Estates late of Sir Edward Wyndham Baronet, deceased, and Hopton Wyndham Esquire, deceased, during the Minority of Sir William Wyndham Baronet, for the Intents and Purposes therein mentioned, being twice read; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Title, L. ift, after An," and before " to," add " Act."

Ordered, That Colonel Granville do cany the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed unto the said Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Thomas Rogers Gentleman, an absolute Estate of Inheritance, in Fee-simple, in the Manor of West-Court, Mansion-house, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of ;and securing to

Higgons Gentleman, and Alice his Wife, and (for Portions for) Irene, Margaret, Mary, and Alice Cefar, Monies, in lieu of their Claims thereunto; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir H. D. , Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Mounsevens, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Frewen, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Hedger, Mr. Arnold,

Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Moyle, Mr. Colt, Mr. Duke, Lord Spencer, Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Fran. Maffam, Mr. Treden-ham, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Mason, Mr. Fuller, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Ashley, Sir Phi. Boteler, Mu Fleming, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Baldwyn, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Ruce Rud, Mr. Staynes, Sir Edward Hun-gerjbrd. Sir Marm. Wyvall, Mr. Farrer, Mr.

Mr. Cidberry, Mr. Ryder, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Bock-land, Mr. Gery, Mr. Sloan; and all that serve for Kent: To 1.XII.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Exporting posed, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Wool, more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool; and to repeal a Clause in an Act, made in the 7th and 8lh Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the Importation thereof from Ireland; which inflicts Forfeitures upon the Inhabitants of such Hundreds, through which any Wool shall pass, to be exported;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving out " and to repeal a Clause in an " Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of his Majesty's " Reign, intituled, An Act for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool; and for encouraging the " Importation thereof from Ireland; which inflicts Forfeitures upon the Inhabitants of such Hundreds, through which any Wool shall pals, to be exported

And the Question being put, That the said Words do stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool:

And that Mr. Brewer and Mr. Harcourt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Brotherton, according to Order, presented to the Trafford's House a Bill for enabling Humphrey Trafford Esquire, to Estate. raise the Sum of 4000l. upon his Estate for Payment of his Debts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Duties on ing next, resolve into a Committee of the whole House, Leather, to consider further of the Bill to explain the Manner of collecting the Duties in the Act for laying several Duties upon Leather.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the better Im- Woollea Maproving of the Woollen Manufacture be read the Third nufWture. time Tomorrow Morning!

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Railing ths Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Militia, railing the Militia for the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, though the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr, Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

ay a

30* Mail. A. 1698.

Mr. Speaker retained the Chair.

Mr. Norris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amend- ments thereunto; which they had directed him to report,

when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Building Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the Committee of Ship*. the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Motion, made the 16th Instant, That the Overplus of the Money and Sea Stores, for Building and Furnishing of Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by virtue of a late Act of Parliament, may be applied to the Use of the Navy and Ordnance for Sea-Service, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Overplus of the Money appropriated for building the Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by the late Act of Parliament; and also, of the Stores provided for that Service; be applied to other Uses for the Navy, and Ordnance for Sea Service.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Rc/olved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Overplus of the Money appropriated for building the Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, by the late Act of Parliament; and also, of the Stores provided for that Service-, be applied to other Uses for the Navy, and Ordnance for Sea Sendee.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolution: And that Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Impeachment of Goulet, &c.

The several Answers of John Goudet, David Peter Longucville, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Saniini, and Peter Diha Merchants, and John

Pearfe Gentleman, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against them were read; and are as follow; viz.

The humble Answer of John Goudet, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited, against him, and others, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, for High Crimes and Mifde-meanors.

This Defendant humbly hoping he shall have the liberty to take the Advantage of all former Prosecutions and Acquittals of or for any the Crimes, Offences, and Mif-demeanors, supposed, by the said Articles of Impeachment, to have been committed by him; and also, saving and reserving to himself all Advantage and Benefit of Exception to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other In-sufficiencies, of the said Articles; of which, he humbly prays, That Notice may be taken, and a just Regard may be had by your Lordships; he faith, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Trial thereof, putteth himself upon, and humbly submitteth to, the Judgment of your Lordships; whole Justice he doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce.

John Goudet.

The humble Answer of David Barrau, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, and others, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, for High Crimes and Mifde-meanors.

This Defendant humbly hoping, he shall have the liberty to take the Advantage of all former Prosecutkms and Acquittals of or for any the Crimes, Offences, and Mif-demeanors, supposed, by the said Articles of Impeachment, to have been committed by him; and also, saving and reserving to himself all Advantage and Benefit of 24

Exceptions to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other In-sufficiencies, of the said Articles; of which, he humbly prays, That Notice may be taken, and a just Regard may be had, by your Lordships; he faith, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Tryal thereof, putteth himself upon, and humbly submitteth to, the Judgment of your Lordships; whose Justice he doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce.

Devoid Barrau.

The humble Answer of Peter Longueoille, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, and others, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, for High Crimes and Mifde-meanors.

This Defendant saving and reserving to himself all Advantage and Benefit of Exception to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other Insufficiencies, of the said Articles; of which, he humbly prays, That Notice may be taken, and a just Regard may be had, by your Lordships; he faith, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Tryal thereof, putteth himself upon, and humbly submitteth to, the Judgments of your Lordships: whole Justice he doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce. Peter Longueville.

The humble Answer of Stephen Seignoret, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, and others, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, for High Crimes and Mif-demeanors.

This Defendant humbly hoping he shall have the Liberty to take Advantage of all former Prosecutions and Acquittals of or for any the Crimes, Offences, and Misdemeanors, supposed, by the said Articles of Impeachment, to have been committed by him; and also, saving and reserving to himself all Advantage and Benefit of Exception to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other Insufficiencies, of the said Articles; of which, he humbly prays. That Notice may be taken, and a just Regard may be had, by your Lordships; he faith, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Trial thereof; putteth himself upon, and humbly submitteth to, the Judg-t ment of your Lordships; whose Justice he doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce.

Step. Seignoret.

The humble Answer of Rene Baudovin, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, and others; by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, for High Crimes and Mifde-meanors.

This Defendant humbly hoping he shall have the Liberty to take the Advantage of all former ProsecutioBS and Acquittals of or for any the Crimes, Offences, and Mifdeipeanors, supposed, by the said Articles of Impeachment, to have been committed by him; and also, laving and reserving to himself a)l Advantage and Benefit of Exception to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other Insufficiencies, of the said Articles; of which, he htunbly prays. That Notice may be taken, and a just Regard may be had, by your Lordships; he faith. That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of, Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Tryal thereof, putteth himself upon and humbly submitteth to, the Judgment of your Lordships; whose Justice he doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce.

Rene Baudovin.

The

Preventing

selfeEie&ion

Returns,

Committees.

io W. III. 3d° — 3

The humble Answer of Nicolas to the Ar-

ticles of Impeachment exhibited against him, and others, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefi'es, in Parliament assembled, for High Crimes and Mifde-meanors.

The Defendant saving and reserving to himself all Advantage and Benefit of Exception to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other Inefficiencies, of the said Articles; of which, he humbly prays, That Notice may be taken, and a just Regard may be had, by your Lordships; he faith, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Tryal thereof, putteth himself upon, and humbly submitteth to, the Judgment of your Lordships; whose Justice he doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce. Nicolas Sanlini.

The humble Answer of Peter to the Article3

of Impeachment exhibited against him, and others* by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefi'es, in Parliament assembled, for High Crimes and Mifde-raeanors.

This Defendant saving and reserving to himself all Advantage and Benefit of Exception to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other Inefficiencies, in the said Articles; of which, he humbly prays, That Notice may be taken, and a just Regard may be had, by your Lordships; he faith, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Tryal thereof, putteth himself upon, and humbly submitteth to, the Judgment of your Lordships; whole Justice he doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce. Peter

The humble Answer of John , to the Articles

of Impeachment, exhibited against him, and others, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled,. for High Crimes and Mifde-meanors.

This Defendant saving and reserving to himself all Advantage and Benefit of Exception to the Generality, Uncertainty, and other Insufficiencies of the said Articles; of which, he humbly prays, That Notice may be taken, and just Regard may be had, by your Lordships; he faith, That he is not guilty of all or any the Matters by the said Articles of Impeachment charged against him, in Manner and Form as they are charged against him: And, for his Tryal thereof, putteth himself upon, and humbly submitteth to, the Judgment of your Lordships; whole Justice lie doth, and ever shall, rely upon, and therein acquiesce.

Ordered, That the said Answers be referred to the Committee who prepared the said Articles of Impeachment: And that they do consider thereof; and prepare Replications thereunto.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also, to prevent Double Returns.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived;

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Vol. XII,

i° Matt. 293

Marin, 31° die Mail;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Pratehs.

SIR Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the Dutton's House a Bill to enable Sir Ralph Dutton Baronet to Estate. raise Money upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts 1 And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the charg- Duties on ing, collecting, and paying, the Duties upon Marriages, Marriages; Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers; and for &c* better answering the Produce thereof into the Exchequer, for or towards the Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest-money charged thereupon; was read a Second time-

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Non'is, according to Order, reported, from the Raising th* Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for Militia, raising the Militia for the Year 1698, though the Month's Pay formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question lbverally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Colonel Baldwyn Leighton was pre- Prevention of fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Gaming.

Bill to prevent Gaming, there is a Clause relating to the Royal Oak Lottery; wherein your Petitioner's Interestis concerned, for Monies expended for the Service of the Government: And praying to be heard, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House,-to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Major Henry Foubert was presented to Ditto, the House, and read; setting forth, That, in a Bill depending before this Honourable House, there is a Clause relating to the Royal Oak Lottery: That the Petitioner is concerned in Interest, in respefi: to the Rents reserved from the said Lottery to the Crown: And praying to be heard, before the same do pais.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the find Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee, to impeach-whom the Answers of John Goud and others, im- ment of peached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, were re- G°udet> ferred; and to draw up Replications thereunto; That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk'a Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question l'everally put thereupon, agreed unto by thd Iloule; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons, having considered the Answer of John Ditto. Goudet, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgefi'es, in Parliament assembled; for Replication to the said Anftver, do fey, That the said John Goudet is guilty, of- the High Crimes

4 F and

wl of CJkt, Ire.

Woollen

Manufacture*

294 ^Maii. — i^Junii. A. 1598.

and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Articles; and that the said Commons are ready to prove the fame.

The Commons, having considered the Answer of David Barreau, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament; for Replication to the said Answer, do lay, That the said David Barreau is guilty of the High Crimes and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Arti* cles: and that the said Commons are ready to prove the lame.

The Commons, having considered the Answer of Peter Longueville, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament; for Replication to the said Answer, do say, That the said Peter Longueville is guilty of the High Crimes and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Articles; and that the said Commons are ready to prove the fame.

The Commons, having considered the Answer of Stephen Seignoret, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament; for Replication to the said Answer, do say, That the said Stephen Seignoret is guilty of the High Crimes and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Articles; and that the said Commons are ready to prove the fame.

The Commons, having considered the Answer of Rene Baudovin, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament; for Replication to the said Answer, do say, That the said Rene Baudovin is guilty of the High Crimes and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Articles; and that the said Commons are ready to prove the fame.

The Commons, having considered the Answers of Nicolas Santini, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament; for Replication to the said Answer, do say, That the said Nicolas Santini is guilty of the High Crimes and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Articles; and that the said Commons are ready to prove the fame.

The Commons, having considered the Answer of Peter Diharfe, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, assembled in Parliament; for Replication to the said Answer, do lay, That the said Peter Diharfe is guilty of the High Crimes and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Articles; and that Jhe said Commons are ready to prove the lame.

The Commons, having considered the Answer of John Pearce, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him, by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled; for Replication to the said Answer, do lay, That the said John Pearce is guilty of the High Crimes and Misdemeanors mentioned in the said Articles; and that the said Commons are ready to prove the fame.

Ordered, That the said Replications be ingrossed.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture was, according to Order, read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill: viz.

Pr. 1. L. 30, leave out " Pinnings," and insert " Pi- nions" instead thereof.

Pr. *, L. *, to add " Averdupoise."

Pr. 4. L. 8, after " County," insert " Riding."

L. 17, and 37, the fame.

Pr. 5. L. 4, insert " or Wo."

Pr. 6. L. 17, insert *

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates, or Interests, in several Annuities, therein mentioned.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill and made several Amendments to the same; which they had directed him to report, when the House will pleal'e to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, upon the Bill for increasing his Majesty's Duties upon Luftrings and Alamodes.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, w hen the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Niue a Clock.

Mercurii, 1* die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

ABIL L to enable Sir Ralph Dutton Baronet to raile Money, for Payment of his Debts, was, according to Order, read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of divers Weavers of Gold and Silver Lace, and Fringe, with others, Makers of Gold and Silver Thread, was presented to the Iloule, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered \That Mr. Arnold, Mr. Cox, Sir Ralph Dutton, Mr. Pocklington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Encouragement of Robert Lcdging-ham's new-invented Pumps for Ships was committed.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting in Thomas Rogers Gentleman an ablblute Estate of Inheritance, in Fee-simple, in the Manor of Court, Mansion-house, Messuages, Lands, and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent; and securing to John Higgons, Gentleman, and Alice his Wife, and (for Portions for) Irene, Margaret, Mary, and Alice Cefar, Monies, in lieu of their Claims thereunto; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, w ithout any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Leave be given, upon the Report of the Bill for the Encouragement of the Luftring Company; and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Lui-trings and Alamodes; to offer a Clause, to free the 19 Looms

Supply Bill;

purchasing

Annuities.

Supply Bill; Duties on Luftrings,&c.

Committees.

Dutton's

Estate.

Wirt drawers Trade.

Ledging-ham's Shif Pump#.

Rogers*

Estate.

Foreign

Luftrings

Trade.

o

o

Loftriogs

Trade.

Hawke's

Litaie.

J. Smith's Elute.

Supply Bill; Hawkers and Pedlars.

upprefling

Profanentls*

&c.

Army dif-bauded.

Impeachment of Wudet, c.

Supply Bill; Duties on Salt.

io W. III.

Jufiii.

Looms of the Alamodes and Luftring Weavers from Distrefies for Rent due to Head or Ground Landlords;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Toll*for} 37. Tellers for the No«,{^r5"J^. } 28.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then several of them were read a Second time; and, with an Amendment.to one of them, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time. That no Officer in his Majesty's Service shall import, or suffer to be imported, any Alamodes or Luftrings into this Kingdom, on Pain of being, ipso rendered incapable of serving his Majesty, by Sea or Land; and, if any Seaman shall discover any Alamodes so imported, he Hiall be dil'miffed his Majesty's Service, if he shall desire the fame;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Hawkes Gentleman to fell Lands, in the County of Salop, for Payment of his Debts, without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of Three Houses in Swan-alley, in Coleman-street, , late of Joseph

Smith, deceased, for Payment of his Debts, with which the same Houses are chargeable, without any Amendment: And also,'

To the Bill, intituled, An Act for licensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision of Interest for the Transport-Debt for Reducing of Ireland, without any Amendment Also,

The Lords do not infill upon their Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more effectual Suppressing of Blalphemy and Profanenels.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House of the Army disbanded, and intended to be disbanded; and the Names of the Officers who are to have Half-Pay.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to give Order, That a List be laid before this House of the Army disbanded, and intended to be disbanded; and of the Officers Names who are to have Half-Pay.

The ingrossed Replications to the Answers of John Goudet, David Batrau, Peter Longueoille, Stephen

noret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Santini, and Peter -harce. Merchants, and John Gentleman, im-

peached of High Crimes and Misdemeanors, were severally read, and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the said Replications to the Lords.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gttyn do carry the original Answers of the said John Goudet, David Peter Longueoille, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicolas Santini, and Peter Merchants, and

John Pearce Gentleman, to the Lords.

Mr. Lotcndes presented to the House a Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several ad-VOL.XII.

ditional Duties on Salt: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refobced, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lowndes also presented to the House a Bill for Suppty Bill;

granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further y"^e* on Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper: um*

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Lowndes also presented to the House a Bill, for Supply Bill j applying to the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ord- ship*."8 nance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores which were provided for the Seven-and-twenty Ships of War: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill 5^uUie»* for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates, or Interests, in several Annuities, therein mentioned, was committed, the Amendments made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, some of them were disagreed, and the Residue agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause of Appropriation was offered, to be added to the Bill:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question

?ut thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made'

art of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Thomas Littleton also, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Luftring*,&c» Bill for increasing his Majesty's Duties upon Luftrings and Alamodes was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a v Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Duties oa next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, ^eather' to consider further of the Bill for explaining the Manner of collecting the Duties upon Leather.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning Preventing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, j®1*® E'tcUon to consider of the Bill for making more effectual an Act, eturns* made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 2° die Junii; Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Backwell's for the Relief of the Creditors of Edv ard - Creditors. well Esquire, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Walter, Mr. Bohan, Mr. Shack xrly, Mr. Foley, Sir JVm. Drake, Sir Wm. Hustler, Mr. Boscawen, Mr. Pagitt,

Mr.

Irifit Arrears,

Prevention of Gaming.

Duties on Low Wines,

Supply Bill; Duties on Velkm, Set*

Simply Bill; Duties on Salt,

Duties on Salt

296 a* Junii. 1698.

Mr. Mormstevem, Mr. Ja. Mountsgwe, Sir Herbert

Crofts, Sir Robert Cotton, Colonel Mr.

Mr. Grande, Sir Tho. Lee, Mr. Christopher

Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Gery, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Yates, Mr. Colt, Mr. Foley, Mr.

Methwen, Mr. Henlu, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Mr. Archer, Sir Marm. fryvdl, Lord Digby, Sir nardiston, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Nicholas, Sir John ing. Sir Fran- Massasn, Sir William Lawther, Colonel Granville, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Jennings, Mr.

Colonel King, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Osborne, Lord Spencer, Sir Cha. Hot ham, Mr. Beke, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Holt, Sir IVm. Cooper, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Moor, Sir Carteret, Mr. Done, Mr. Bere, Sir Tho. Traced; and all that are Merchants of the House; and that serve for the City of London: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of Colonel Adam Murray, in behalf of himself and the Regiment he had in Londonderry, during the Siege thereof, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was one of the Eight Colonels, who, with their Regiments, defended that City, during the Seige there: That the Petitioner, nor his Regiment, have received any Pay for their Services therein: And praying the House to take die Premises into Consideration; and that lonie Care may be bad of him, and his Regiment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel John MichclUmm is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the liune to the House.

A Petition of Catharine and Mary Armstrong was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners having a Grant, from his present Majesty, of 200 L a Year, ilfuing out of the Royal Oak Lottery: And praying to be heard, before the pill, now depending before this House, to prevent Gaming pals into an

Aa.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others concerned in, or chargeable with, the Duties upon Low Wines and Spirits: And that Mr. Clarke do prepare, and bring in, the BilL

A Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, farther Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several additional Duties on Salt, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the said Committee of the whole House.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Aldbarough, in the County of Suffolkc, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, together with those of tcych and Southwofd, in the said County, are the only Perfofas in England who make Red Sprats: That there is a Drawback of 3$. and 4 d.upon every Barrel of Red Herrings exported: That the Consumption of Salt, on which there is likely to be a Duty laid, for caring each Last cf Sprats, is equal to a Barrel of Red Herrings:

And praying the feme Allowance lhay be granted on the Exportation of Red Sprats.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the find BiH is committed.

A Petition of Thomas Johnson, John Cleeveland, Richard Duties of Norris, and John Case, on behalf of themselves, and fe- Salt." veral other Person9, Melters and Refiners of Rock Salt, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, by an Act of 4th and 5th of his Majesty'9 Reign, there is a Duty of One Shilling per Bulbel laid on Salt, with a Drawback of the said Duty on the Melting and Refining of Rock Salt: That, by another Act of 8th and 9th, there is a further Duty of One Peny per Gallon laid upon all Salt, with the like Allowance of a Drawback: That the Commissioners have made the Petitioners pay One Peny per Gallon for the Rock, and another for the Salt thereof, contrary to the Meaning of the said Act:

And praying some Provision may be made for the said last Duty, with a Drawback, as the former is; and to grant them other Relief in the Prcinifes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Refiners of Rock Salt within the DUt*.

City of Bristoll was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have, at great Expence, erected Work-houses, and all Sorts of Conveniencies, for melting and refining the Salt Rock, brought by Sea from Leverpooleto Bristoll-,in which, many Ships and Families are employed, and depend on, for a Livelihood: That the Petitioners are forced to pay, or secure. One Peny per Gallon, for the Salt made of such Salt Rock, and denied to draw-back, though the same is before paid at Liverpoole; which is contrary to the Meaning of Tw'o Acts, made for that Purpose: And praying the y may not be charged with any higher Duty than other Refiners of English Salt are.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Jonathan Blackburn Gentleman, and John Blackburn Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the Duty of One Peny per Gallon, was laid upon Salt, the Excise-Officers have refused to allow the Petitioners a Drawback of the said Duty on Salt refined, as they did, and yet do, for the other of Twelve-pence per Bushel of Rock, fb melted; whereby the Petitioners are discouraged from making Salt: And praying the said late Act may be explained; and they have other Relief, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common- Diu#* Council, 8$c. of the Corporation of Liverpoole, was pre-fehted to the House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty's Commissioners of Excise have made the Undertakers of the Salt drawn from Rock pay a double Duty, of One Peny per Gallon; viz. for the Rock, and for the Salt thereof made; contrary to the Intent of the Act of Parliament: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of Philip Doubt, Antony Julliot, Robert ^>lUa* TVren, John Adams, and Robert Earle, Makers, Melters, and Refiners, of Salt, Inhabitants in the Borough of Bid-deford, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by an Act of Parliament, made in the 5th and 6th Years of Ids prefect,

Majesty,

f-

D~

ioW.III.

z°Junii.

Fast India Company.

Fast India Company's Charier.

Committee to uitped East India Company's Books.

Majesty, a Duty of Twelve-pence/ier Buftiel was laid on Rock 'Salt, with an Allowance of a Drawback of the said Duty, on the same being melted and refined into White Salt: That, by a late Act, a further Duty of One Peny per Gallon is laid on Rock and White Salt;

which, the Oilicers will uot allow shall be drawn back, as the foil Twelve pence per Bushel is: And praying Relief in the Preinilcs.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be refeired to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Resolved, That this floufe will, upon Saturday Morning next, refillve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the East India Company.

Ordered, That the East-India Comphnv do lay before this House their luit Charter, of One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-three.

Resoked, That a 'Committee be appointed to go to the East India House, and to inspect the East India Company's Books: and fee what Dividends have been made lincc the Year i(>8o; and who subscribed since their last Charter; and which of them continue of the Company; and w ho particularly are. iiiterelted in the present'Capital, and their fevei ul Shares therein:

And it is referred to Sir John 'Bolls-, Sir John Elwell,

Lord Spencer, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Henry Hobart,' Lord Chriningsby, Mr Mr. Hoar,

Sir IVin. Blacket, Sir Robert Rich, Sir Mr. Poultney, Lord Win. Pary/ett, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Nor-

ris, Sir Tho. Davall, Sir Walter Young, Sir Herbert Crofts; 6r any Three of them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of Sir Tho. Cooke's SirT.Cooke's Letter and Papers, which were laid upon the Table, to ccoun be peruled by the Members of the House, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w ho are to consider of the State of the East India Company.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Cooke and Sir Bazil! Fire- Sir T. Cooke, brasse do attend the said Committee of the whole House c-toatlen upon Saturday Morning next.

Sir Mafmaduke Wyvell reported from the Committee, 9?inage of to whom the Petitions of AndrewPerrot, and others, oney' Inhabitants of the City of York; and the Petition of divers Tradelrnen of the City of London; were referred; the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

£ s. d. 21,211 3 11

3,47 — 7 1,843 1 9 5,462 18 7 2,244 18 9

2,737 13 —

Tlu/t it appeared, That, over and above all the Sums of Money with which the' several Officers in the Mint are chargeable, the Sum of 21,211/. 3 11 is

due, to clear the publick and private Importers, in the Mint in the 011

London, and all Charges of Coinage, and Incidents there; of which there is ne- / ceiiary to be raised at present, towards clearing the Monies owing to Importers I the Sum of - -- -J

That die re is due, to clear the public and private Importers, at the Mint at York, and all 'Charges of Coinage, and Incidents there, the Sum of about 3,047/. os. 7d.; of which there is necessary to be raised at present, for the Importers -

That there is due, to clear the publick and private Importers, at the Mint at Chester, and all Charges of Coinage, and Incidents there, the Sum of about 1,842/. 1 s. gd. 1 of which there is necessary to be raised at present, towards clearing the Importers, the Sum of ——

That there is due, to clear the publick and private Importers, at the Mint at" Exeter, and all Charges of Coinage, and Incidents there, the Sum of about 5,462/. 18 s.7 d;of which there is necessary to be raised at present, towards!

clearing the Importers, the Sum of ----- -- -J

That there is due, to clear the publick and private Importers, at the Mint atl Bristoll, and all Charges of Coinage, and Incidents there, the Sum of about I 2,244/. 18 s. gd.\ of which there is necessary to be raised at present, towards clearing the Importers, the Sum of ——

That there is due, to clear the publick Importers, at the Mint at Norwich, and all Charges of Coinage, and Incidents there, the Sum of about 2,737/. _ 135. od.; of which there is necessary to be raised at present, towards clearing ' the publick Importers, the Sum of - -

£ 15,211 3 11

L947 — 7

1,492 1 9

4,4-27 18 7

1,629 *8 9

1,422 13 —

36,506 16 7 7,297 ——

To be deducted.

26,130 16 7

29,219 16 7

Towards Payment of which said Sum of 26,130/. 16 s. to be these Sums following; viz.

7 d. there appears £. s. d.

Remaining in Mr. Halt's Hands -

In Mr. Fauquier's ——

In the Exchequer, ready to be paid -Money saved out of the 2d. per Ounce stopped for Coinage

2,300 ——

2.000 ——

2.000 ----- -"

997 -

7,297 ——

Rests - £18,833 i£ 7

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to thele Resolutions; vi

Resolved, T hut it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 18,833/. 16#. 7 Part of the Suih of 29,209/. 16 s.7 d.due to clear all the Mints, is

necessary to be forthwith supplied, for clearing the Money Vol. XII.

due to public and private Importers, and for preserving the public Credit of the Mint.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of 2,500l. in further Part of 29,209/. 16 s. 7 d.due to clear all the Mints, is nectffiry to

be forthwith applied to the Country Mints, for discharging

o

A 1698.

_ O - o cv 1

2 — 3 Juntt.

charging Artificers, and faring a further Expence to the Publick.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That about the Sum of 7,876/. which is claimed to complete the Sum due to clear all the Mints, ought to be raised; so as it may be paid in some reasonable time after the Bills are finally examined and allowed, for Satisfaction of the Buildings, and other Expences of the said Mints.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " necessary to be-forthwith supplied," and inserting, instead thereof, " wanting

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lo amended, That the Sum of 18,833/. 16$. id.Part of the Sum of 29,209/. 16 s. 7 d.due to clear all the Mints, is wanting, for clearing the Money due to publick and private Importers, and for preserving the publick Credit of the Mint.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " necessary to be forthwith applied," and inserting, instead thereof, " wanting:"

And the fume was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution so amended, That the Sum of 2,500l. in further Part of 29,209/. 16$. id. due to clear all the Mints, is wanting to the Country Mints, for discharging Artificers, and saving a further Expence to the Publick.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " which." — " to complete the Sum due to clear all " the Mints, ought to be raised; so as it may be paid " in some reasonable time after the Bills are finally examined and allowed (a):"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee, in the said Resolution,.....That about the

Sum of 7,876/. is claimed, for satisfaction of the Buildings, and other Expences, of the said Mints.

T.uftring The House resumed the adjourned Debate, of Yester-

Trade. day, upon Clause A, to the Bill for the Encouragement of the Luftring Company, and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importations of Luftrings and Alamodes:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And the Residue of the Amendments to the said Bill were read; and, upon #the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, That it shall not be lawful for any Landlord to seize or distrain any the Silk Looms, HarneUes, or other Utensils, for Rent, or Arrears of Rent, due from any Artificer working the Silk Manufacture.

And the same was twice read.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on The House, according to Order, refolded itself into a Marriages, Committee of the whole- House, upon the Bill for preventing Frauds and Abides in the charging, collecting, and paying, the Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers; and for better answering the Produce thereof into the Exchequer, for or towards the Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest-money charged thereupon.

(-») ‘I his (houlj have been stated as Two Amendments; viz, lft, to " plcte,-' 4'c.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

" And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 3* die Junii; - ,

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Whitaker, Mr. Pocklington, Payment of, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire into Tickets, the Reasons why the Malt-Tickets are no better paid.

A Bill for giving Leave to the Ship Maryland Mer- Ship chant to import her Lading into this Kingdom was, according to Order, read a Second time. erc

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Yates,

Mr. Colt, Sir Matth. Andrews, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. -ther, Mr. Baldwyn, Sir Henry Dutton Colt, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Gery, Sir Wm.

Llonifwood, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Ashby, Lord Digby, Mr. Lampton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Whitaker, Sir Richard,

Mr. Onslow, Mr. Bertie, Mr. HarMr.

Mr. Thompson, Mr. Maudet, Colonel Sir

Dulavall, Sir Fran. Massam, Sir Joh Mr. York,

Sir Win-Lout her. Colonel Osbourne, Mr. Sir

Robert Cotton, Mr. Swift, Mr. Hammoiul; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, and And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Norris presented to the House a Bill for the Prefermtioa reviving and continuing several Acts of Parliament of IsaViJ expired, and near expiring, for the Preservation of his blore4‘ Majesty's Naval Stores; and to prevent Disturbances of Seamen, and others: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rogers* for vesting in Thomas Rogers Gentleman an absolute Estate Estate. of Inheritance, in Fee-simple, in the Manor of West-Court, Mansion-house, Messuages, Lands and Hereditaments, in the County of Kent; and securing to John Higgons Gentleman, and Alice his Wife, and (for Portions for) Irene, Margaret, Mary, and Alice Cesar,

Monies, in lieu of their Claims thereunto; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for the Year Railing tb« One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, although Militia, the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, lie not repaid.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the,

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition

leave out tho Word " whichad, to leave out the Words " tocom-

Duties on Vellum, &c.

Privilege — wimnftitu-

tional

Publication.

Escapes

Debtors.

Inspection «f E* I. C. Books.

E. I. Company's Charters.

Timber in >icw Forest.

Exporting TVool, Fufie Earth, &c,

Supply Bill; Duties on Tellum,&c,

ioW. III. 3° — 4°

A Petition of several Stationers, on behalf of them* selves, and other Stationers in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, w as presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That by the late Act for laying a Duty upon Paper and Parchment, the same is distributed, by the Commissioners for managing the said Duty, into the several Counties of this Kingdom, to be sold, by Persons not bred up in the said Trade; with an Allowance of 18 d. in the Pound, as well of the Value of the said Goods, as the Duty; and that the Petitioners are allowed but 3 s. in Ten Pounds, for prompt Payment of the said Duty: That the Petitioners understanding the said Duty

is intended to be doubled.....: And praying to be

heard, and relieved, as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That Mr. Abny, Mr. Gu'i/tt, Sir Wm. Saint Quintin, be added to the Committee, to w hom the print* ed Pamphlet, intituled, The same of Irelands being bound by Acts* of Parliament in England stated, is referred.

An ingrafted Bill for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for the better preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the further Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for the further preventing Escapes, and other Abuses in the Keepers of Gaols.

Ordered, That Mr. Gay do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Bolls reported from the Committee appoint* ed to go to the East India House, and to inspect the East India Company's Books; and fee what Dividends have been made since the Year 1689; and who were Subscribers since their last Charter; and which of them continue of the Company; and who particularly are interested in the present Capital, and their several Shares therein; That they had made some Progress in the Mat* ter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have a general Power to inspect the Company's Books; and report what they shall find material therein, relating to the Trade, Estate, and Management of that Company.

Ordered, That the said Committee have a general Power Jto inspect the Company's Books; and report what they shall find material therein, relating to the Trade, Estate, and Management, of the said Company.

Ordered, That the East India Company do lay before this House all their Charters since the Year One thousand Six hundred and Sixty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County^ of Southampton.

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill for the Explanation, and better Execution of former Acts, made against Transportation of Wool and Fullers Earth, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, several additional Duties on Salt, was also committed.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. XII.

Junii. 299

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again upon the Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, several additional Duties on Salt.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow' Morning, resolve itself again into the said Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the Committee of the Duties on whole House, to whom the Bill for preventing Frauds Mamies, and Abuses in the charging, collecting, and paying, the 6iC*

Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers; and for better answering the Produce thereof into the Exchequer, for or towards the Satisfaction of the Principal and Interest money charged thereupon; was committed; the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the said ..; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterw ards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W here the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question leve-rally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 4* die Junii; Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

A BILL for the applying to the Use of his Ma* Sopply Billj jesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the building Money and Stores, which were provided for the Seven- khips. and-twenty Ships of War, was read a Second time.

Resolved, that the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Success'ors, several additional Duties on Salt, is committed.

Ordered, That the Accounts of the said Money and Stores, which have been laid before the House, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

A Petition of James Damn, Anthony Stratton, and sj»*p Jeffryes. Thomas Stark, of London, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and other Owners of the Ship Captain

William Cooper Commander, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Ship failed for Virginia the 16th of January 1696, with a considerable Cargo of Woollen Manufactures, and was expected back in Eight Months; but, by contrary Winds, and the Severity of the Winter, was prevented, and is not yet returned; That, by an Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, and for want of a Certificate of her being registred according to the said Act, the said Ship cannot come in: And praying a Clause to the Bill, now passing, concerning the Ship Mariland Merchant, of Bristoll, may be added, for bringing the said Ship in, without incurring the Penalty of the said Act.

Supply Bill;

purchasing Annuities.

Lull ring Trade.

Duties on

Marriages,

<&c.

Impeachment of Goudet, &c.

Impeachment of Du-maiftre, &c.

N

300 30 — 4 0 J1698.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Relief of the Petitioners, touching the said Ship: And that Sir ‘Henry Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for inlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates, or Interests, in several Annuities, therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates, or Interests, in several Annuities, therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the -Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for the Encouragement of the Lyl-tring Company, and the more eft'eftu&l preventing the Importation of Luftrings and Alamodes; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for increasing ltis Majesty's Duties upon Luftrings and Alamodes.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That I^ave be given, upon the Third Reading the ingrossed Bill to prevent Frauds and A bulbs in the charging, collecting, and paying, the Duties upon Marriages, births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers; and for better answering the Produce thereof into the Exchequer, for or towards the Sa<isfa6tion of the Principal and Interest-money charged thereupon; to offer a Clause to repeal a Clause, in the former Act for granting the said Duties, whereby Ministers are to read the Certificates of the Rates and Aflbffments upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers in the Churches.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and Sir John Hoskyns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have appointed Thursday next for the Trval o ijo/inGoadet, David Barrau,

Stephen Sagnoret, Rene B Santini,

Peter Diharce, and John Pear at the Bar of the House of Lords.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Rowland Gxcynreporttd from the Committee appointed to draw up the Articles of Impeachment against John Dumaistre and John Au That they had drawn

up the same accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Articles of Impeachment, exhibited by the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, in the Name of themselves, and of all the Commons of England, against John Dumaistre and John Au-riall, in Maintenance of the several Impeachments against them for High Crimes and Misdemeanors.

lft Article.

That the said John Dumaistre and John not

weighing, or considering, the Froteftion and Privileges they have enjoyed under this Government; nor any-ways regarding the many good and wholesome Laws and Statutes, made for encouraging the Manufactures, and preventing 1 he Exportation of the Coin and Wool, of this Kingdom, and the holding Correspondence with France, during the late W'ar; but minding and intending, for their own private Lucre and Advantage, to render all those good and beneficial Laws of no Force or Efttft; did, betw een the 24th Day of August, which was in the Year of our Lord 1(189, Hn^ the 10th Day of December, which w as in the Year of cur Lord 1697, associate, combine, and confederate, with StepheSeignorct, John det, Ferdinand Rave, ad, Peteand divers

other evil-dif'poled Persons, to carry on a Traffick with France, during the late War; thereby to exhaust the Treasure of the N ation, to ldlbn the Value of the native 20

Commodities, and to destroy the Manufactures thereof; to the general Detriment of this Kingdom.

2(1.

That, to compass and effect these their pernicious Designs and Intentions, they, the said John Dumaistre and John Auriall; did, during the lard War, set up, and carry on, a Correspondence with several Persons in France.

3d-

That they, the said Jdhn Dumaistre and John Auriall, did, during the said W'ar, import, and cause to be imported, into this Kingdom, several great Quantities of Goods and Commodities, of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture, of France.

AH which laid Crimes and Offences were contrived, committed, perpetrated, and acted, against his Majesty, his Crown, and Dignity: And the said John Dumaistre and John Auriall, did, severally, voluntarily, and wilfully, contrive, commit, perpetrate, and aft, the said Crimes and Oflences, contrary to the Duty of their Allegiance, and against the Peace of our Sovereign Lord the King, his Crown and Dignity; and to the common Nujfance of all his Majesty's Liege People; and against the Good and Welfare of the whole Kingdom; and in open Violation of, and contrary to, the known Laws and Statutes of this Realm.

And the said Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, by Pro-testation, saving to themselves the Liberty of exhibiting, at any time hereafter, any further Articles, or other Accu-f (lions, or Impeachments, against the said Dumaistre

and John Auriall, and either of them; and also, of replying to the Answers that the said John Dumaistre and John Auriall, and either of them, shall make unto the said Articles, or any of them, and of, or in Proof of, the Premises, or any other Articles, Impeachments, or Accusatious, that shall be exhibited by them, as the Cause shall, according to the Course of Parliament, require; do pray that the said John Dumaistre and John Auriall be put to anl'wer the said Crimes and Misdemeanors; and that such Proceedings, Examinations. Trvals, and Judgments, may be, upon the said John Dumaistre and John Auriall, and either of them, had and used, as is agreeable to Law and Justice.

Ordered, That the said Articles be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant, for all Witness'es to attend, to make good the Evidence upon the Impeachments.

Sir Tho. Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, was committed, the Amendments, made hv the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Seoon J time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And several oilier Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iu-grofled.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That their Addicts having been presented to his Majesty, That he would be pleased to grant Mr. Reginald a

Pardon for his Offences, relating to the Exchequer- Bills, That his Majesty had been pleased to give Order for a Warrant to be prepared for a Pardon accordingly.

Resolved, That a Committee of Twenty be appointed to manage the Trval of John Goudet, and others, upon their Impeachments:

And it is referred to Sir Rouland Gxcyn, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Hen'. Colt, Mr. Smith, Mr.'7 'ho.Newport, Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Attorney-General, Mr. Robert Harley, Mr. Solicitor-General, Sir Joseph Tiiy, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Pelham, Mr. Jam. Muuntug Sir John Bolls, Mr.

Lowndes,

Witnesses to be furmuonecL

Supply Bill; Dir u s on Vel:um, See

Answer to AdUrds*

Impeachment of Goudet, &Q.

ioW.III.: 4° — 6° Junii. 301

Lowndes, Mr. Norris, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Slower And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And are to instruct themselves in the Evidence, and take their Parts, for Managing the Tryal, upon the said Impeachments.

hniies on A Petition of Evan Jones, in behalf of himself, and other Proprietors in Refining of Rock Salt, in the Borough of Flint, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have been at extraordinary Expence, in sinking of Salt Rock Pits, erecting Work-houses, building of Quays for reception of Shipping, and other Conveniences, for making Rock Salt into White; and that, by one Act of Parliament, there is a Duty of One Shilling per Bushel, laid thereon; and Oqe Peny by another; with a Drawback on the Refining thereof; and that, since the last Duty, the Officers refuse to allow the said Drawback of One Peny; whereby they pay for the Salt in two Kinds, before, and after refined: And praying the y may not be so charged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a

Dnti«$ on Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. ‘

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill j and the other Bill to them committed.

East India Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the State of the Company and

Trade.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Cook and Sir Bazill Tirebraffe do attend the said Committee.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Luna, 6* die -Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

Batkwell's . *|V yf- R. Harcourt reported from the Committee, to Creditors. IV1 whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Edward Raclrwell Esquire, deceased, was committed, That they had examined and coofidered the lame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

And the Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Trefiord's A Bill for enabling Humphrey Esquire to raise

Effiue. the Sum of 4,000l. upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Colonel Lee, Mr. Maudet, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Mounstevens, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir M IVyvall, Mr. Hedger, Sir Win. Lout her, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Mr. Duke,

Mr. Battefcomb, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Freiccn, Sir Fra. Wilmington, Mr. Cloberry, Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Sir

..Air. Gery, Mr. Whitaker, Mr. , Mr. Osborne,

Yol.XII.

Mr. Croker, Sir John Turner, Mr. Mountague, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Harcourt, Colonel Colt, Mr. Corners, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Hoare, Mr. Cooper, Mr. ham, Sir Fran. Mafjam, Mr. Manley, Mr. Bartie, Sir Joseph Tyly;and all that lerve for the Counties of Lan-

cashire and Yorkshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber, at Five of the Clock.

Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the House Dutie* on a Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and w others chargeable with the Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits: And the same was received.

The Bill was, read the Fil'd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers in and about the several Aulnage Towns of Halifax, Bradford, Huthersfeild, Kighley, Office. Heptonstall, Elland, and several other Towns, Villages, and Hamlets, w ithin the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by ancient Statutes, an Office of Aulnage was erected, for the Searching and Measuring of Cloth; and a Seal put thereon, to signify the Goodness thereof: That the Subsidy of Aulnage was granted in Consideration of releasing Forfeitures, which were grievous to the Dealers in Cloth:

That the Office of Aulnage is unnecessary; the Subsidy chargeable in collecting burthensome to the Subject, and an Hindrance to the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture:

That a Bill hath formerly passed this House, and .....". carried up to the Lords, for redressing the laid.Grievance; but had not its desired Effect: And praying Relief in the Premises. ' ..

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to de- Accommoda-fire, That a convenient Place may be appointed for the d°" Managers of the Impeachment against John Goudet, and ""wnw* others, as is usual: And that Sir Rowland Grryn'do carry the fiud Message.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Estates given vest the Estates given to superstitious Uses in Greenwich to superfti-Hospital, for the Maintenance of Seamen, and other cha!- tiou# Use#' ritable Uses: And that Mr. Edward Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill j House a Bill for granting to hb Majesty a further Subr Tonage and fidy of Tonage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Pounda8 Sum of 700,000l. for the Service of his Majesty;

Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during hb Majesty's Life: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First Time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.. "

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Supply Bill; Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Dutie» on the Bill for granting to his Majesty, hb Heirs and Successors, several Duties! on Salt; to whom also was committed the Bill for applying to the Use of hb Majesty's Building Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Ships. Stores, which were provided for the Seven-and-twenty

Ships of War.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill for applying to the Use of hb Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores, which were provided for the Seven-and-twenty Ships of War; and made ad Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Thomas Littleton also reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Bill for granting to hb Majesty,' hb Heirs and Successors,

4 H several

303 6° — 7° — 8° JuniL 1698.

several additional Duties on Salt; and had directed him 'to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, die Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

Legging- A PETITION of Sir Robert Gordon was presented ham's Ship ^e House, and read; felting forth, That the

ump*' House having taken into Consideration the making of Pumps for Ships, in which the Petitioner feme Years ago lb far prevailed, that, upon a critical Trial, by the late King's Order, in a Fourth-rate Frigate, an Invention of his did exceed the Chain-pump by uear Eight to One: And praying no Grant may be made, to prejudice his laid Invention.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Anws for A Petition of the Innkeepers of New on behalf

of themselves, and the rest of the Innkeepers, Victuallers, and -other Public-house-keepers, within the said City and Place, was presented to the House, and read; setting . forth, That the Petitioners having, at their own Charges,

Quartered and fixbfifted several Companies of Colonel Bootes and Colonel Nor Regiments of Foot, there is due to them upwards of goo I. as by the Accounts Rated between the Officers, and the Mayor of the said City, may appear; and the Petitioners have applied themselves to the Agents of the several Regiments, which proved ineffectual: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying selfe and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and alfe to prevent double Returns.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill r House a Bill for raffing a Sum, not exceeding Two Mil- raffing. lions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8/. per Annum for every incorporate.] Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament'. And the same was received.

The Bill was read the Fhrft time.

Rejohed, That the Bill be read a Second time upon

Friday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frarddyn and Sir John Hoskins:

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Caron's, &c. for naturalizing Peter Garon, and others, with some Nat-Amendments, to which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Kington for erecting Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Kingston upon Hull, for the Employment ' or ' °" and Maintenance of the Poor there, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, reported; Supply Bill; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Build,r‘g Bill for applying to the Use of his Majesty's Navy and i5hlJ)8' Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores, which were provided for the Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, was committed, the Amendment, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the ferae was twice read; and, Op on the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees*

Exporting An ingrossed Bill for the Explanation, and better Exe-Wool. Fullera cution, of former. Acts, made against Transportation of Earth, ke. "Wool, Fullers Earth, and Scouring Clay, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 7, to leave out " Tobacco-pipe," and insert, instead thereof, u Scouring

Pr. 5. L. a6, the fame:

And the feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accoixlingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais; And the Tide be, An Act for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former Acts, made against Transportation of Wool, Fullers Earth, and Scouring Clay.

Ordered, That Sir William Loivther do carry the Bttl to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; A Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy Tonageand of Tonage and Poundage, towards raising the yearly Poundage. gum of 700,000 Lfor the Service of his Majesty's Houfltold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committeed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 8* die Jumi;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

D ESOLVED, That an humble Addrefe be presented The

to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as Chaplain, are of his Majesty's tnoft Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to beftcrw some Preferment in the Church upon Doctor Hattifax, Chaplain to this House.

Mr. Nicholas reported from the Committee, to whom sbaftibury the Bill for erecting Work-houses, and Houses of Correc- Work-house*. tion in the Town of Skqftsbury; and for the better Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there; wap committed; That they had considered the feme, and the Petition to them referred; and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

preventing . Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Mr. Yales reported from the Committee, to whom the ship folfe Election ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Bill for giving Leave to the Ship Maryland Merchant to Maryland Reform. House, to consider of the Bill for making more effectual import her lading into this Kingdom was committed, Merchant, 21 That

Army

Arrears.

to W. III.

303

That they had made fever&l AffieftdnteHtstheretnito; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read-in iris Place; -and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where t!l»e same were once lead throughout 5 and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Questkm severally put thereupon, agreed onto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, he iR-grbffed.

Mr. Ctdkford reported, from the Committee, to whom the Corrsideration of the Petition of Colonel John burnt was referred, die Mttfor, as it appeared to the said Committee; arid -the Refolwtions of Use find Committee thereupon; which he retd in be Place; arid afterwards delivered in at itbe Clerk's Table: Where the forte (were read; and-are As follow; vit.

That open Examination of the Matter contained in Ceienel MhMbum's Petition, it doth appear to this Committee, by a ComtnHfirtn under his Majesty's Hand, whpa Prince of Orange, bearing Date the $th Day of February 1688, that the said Colonel Micheibum was thereby appointed Major of a Regiment commanded by

P'rklru-iA*! StirYiertnvi with tthlcfa KPoitmlrtnl tVu> (air! fiu

lonel Micheibum marched into the Town of Londonderry, in April before the foe Seta; where he continued, with his Regiment, in Defence of the said Place, till the Death of Colonel Baker, which happened about the Middle of June; when Colonel Michelbum was chosen, by the whole Garison, Governor and Commander in Chief with Doctor Walker; the said Colonel Michelbume performing all the Duty, during all the Difficulties of the Siege, having all the Charge of the military Part; and, by. God's fileffing and Assistance, defended the City, to the last Extremity, until happily relieved with Provisions by Major-General Kirk; upon which, the Enemy raised their Siege, burnt their Camp, and inarched Cff:

That, upon Major-General coming into the

Town, the said Colonel drew out the Ganfon; wheh the said Major-General did iriuftet the find Colonel Micheibum* Regiment upon View, and gave him a Commission, dated the 3d Day of August 16*89,to 6e foie Governor of the said City, and Colonel of the said Regiment:

And that it further -appeared to this Committee, -by his Majesty's Royal Letter, under hb Sign Manual, dated the 16th of August 1689, couateriigned Shrewsbury; and directed to George Walker and John Micheibum, Esquires, Governors of Londonderry; graciously acknowleging the eminent and extraordinary Services performed by them, as his Majesty w as pleased to exprest it, in the resolute and unparalleled Defence of the said Town; and therein promising a just Retribution, as well to the Commanders in Chief, who had been the happy Instruments, under God, of that Deliverance, as others, who signalized their Loyalty, Courage, and Patience, in that time df Trial, and that his Majesty would recompeafe their said Services and Sufferings.

That it further appeared to the Committee, That the /aid, Colonel with his Regiment, in February 1689, by the Command of General Sco did join the Army,

find was posted upon the Frontiers; and bath continued in his Majesty's Service till the 4th of April last past, when they were disbanded in Ireland.

And it further appeared, That his Majesty was gra-ciaufly pleased, by his Commission, dated the 12thDay of August 1690, to confirm to the said Colonel Michd-bume the Command, as Colonel, of the said Regiment; with a Clause, in the said Commission, to take place as if the said Commission bore Date the loth Day of March 1-688.

It also further appeared to the Committee, by an Account ligaed by Mr. Pauncefoi't, Deputy to Mr. Fox, Paymaster-General of Ireland, That there remained due to Colonel Micheibum, and his Regiment, for their Pay, from the 5th of February 1688, to the First of January 1689, 16,028/. 185.; out of which Sum, there ought to be, deduced, as paid to the said Colonel, for the Use of his Regiment, at Three several Payments, before they were upon the English Establishment, 1,078/, 19#. 6d.

Vol.XII.

as is certified by Mr. Abbot, the then Deputy to Mr. Armjr Ilarboard, late Paymaster-General of his Majesty's Forces Arrears: in Ireland; so that there remains due to the said Regiment, on this Foot, 14,949/. 18$. 6d.:

That there also remains due to the said Colonel Micheibum, for his Pay as Governor of Lmdondei'ry, at 30$. per diem, during the Time he commanded there, 99I/.

And that the said Colonel Michelbume hath delivered in a List of the Officers of his said Regiment; which was annexed to the Report.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Colonel Michelbume hath folly proved the Allegations in his Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there remains due to Colonel Michelbume, for his Pay, as Governor of Londonderry, during the time he commanded there, according to the Establishment of Colonel Lundy, his Predecessor, 992/.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That there remains due to the said Colonel his Officers and Soldiers, for the Pay of the said Regiment, from the 5th of February 1688, to the First. of January 1689, before they were upon the English Establishment, the Sum of 14,949/. 18$. 6d. over ami above all Deductions, as appears by the Accounts of Mr.

Fox and Mr . Ilarboard, hereunto amiexed.

Resolved, That the said Colonel Michdburne, and his Regiment, having so eminently signalized themselves ib the Defence of Londonderry, during the said Siege; and beirtg now disbanded; It is the Opinion of this Committee;

That an humble Address be made to his Majesty, to recommend the said Chlonel Michelbume, and his Officers, to his Majesty's Favour; and that his Majesty will be graciously pleased to take their Sufferings and Services info his Royal Consideration, and order the Payment of tbdr said Arrears, in such Manner, as his Majesty, in his Princely Wisdom shall think meet.

An Extrafit of Mr. Fox's Report, on a Petition of Colonel John Micheibum's.

e.

d.

6441 —

April the 21th, 1691.

The Pay of Colonel John Michel-' bum's Regiment of Foot, consisting of 13 Companies, of 60 Men each, be-' tides Officers, from the 5th of February 1688, to the 18th bf April following, j 3,229 — - $ when they put themselves into Londonderry, being 73 Days, at 44/. 4 8

per diem, allowing them to be, all at that time, complete, comes to - - -»

And, from the 19th of the said Month-' of April, to the 7th of August following, being 111 Days, the time of the Siege; during which, they consisted of 17 Companies, which, if complete, according to the cft&blished Numbers, comes to 57/. 2 s.8 d.per diem; and for that time - —

So that, allowing them complete from' the 5th of February 1688, to the 7th of

August 1689, there is due to them

Memorandum: So far Mr. Fox'* Report.

The Pay of the said Regiment, from' the 7th of August 1689, when they were again reduced to ‘ 13 Companies, to the First of January following, the time they were first established, being 146 Days, allowing them still complete, at 44/. 4$. 8d. per diem, comes to

So that, according to these Rates and'

Numbers, there will be due to this Regiment, from the 51b of February 1688, to the First of January 1689 -

But what Stores, Provisions, or Accoutrements, might he delivered to than. Money paid, or Debts oontrwfted,

during

9>570 16 8

' M58 1 4

16,028 18 —

Collyn's Share of Prize.

s

during this Time, doth nbt, at present, appear to me; Paid the Colonel, for One Month's ' but ought to be considered, before they come to be mud; Subsistence for the Regiment, comas also, the Method of doing it, since there is no Rolls mencing the 21th of October, and end-to make any Computation by. ing the 18th November 1689, by like

Ex* per E, Pauncefori. Warrant dated the 29th November

Paid the Colonel, for One Month's An ACCOUNT of what Money has been paid by Mr. Subsistence, ending the 16th of -Harboard, when P&ymaster-General of his Majesty's her 1689, by like Warrant, dated 40 Forces in Ireland, to the Regiment of Foot com- Januarii 1689 ——

manded by Colonel Michelbum; vix.

jC*

Paid Major Arthur Noble, when the Regiment was aligned Quarters at -.raine, for One Month s Subsistence, com-. mencing the 23th of September 1689, - pursuant tothe General's Warrant, dated the 25th of the tame Month - -

297 6 2

Paid Colonel (a) [Mitchelburri] and' the Regiment of Foot under his Command, on Account of their Subsistence and Pay, from the First of January 1689, as appears by Acquittances -May 18th 1698.

A\ 1698

£. s. d. 390 16 8

390 16 8 1,078 19 6

1,320 1 — ,

£ 2,399 — 6

Examined per Mord. Abbot.

A LIST, containing the Names of the Gentlemen, who were Officers in the said Regiment commanded by

Colonel Michelbum.

Lieutenants.

Captains.

' Colonel Skiffington. Lfeutenant-Colonel Houston. Major Micheburne.

John Dobbin.

John Hamilton.

' Wm. Shaw.

Henry Shaw.

Henry M'Cullogh.

Humph. Bell.

' John Anderson.

‘Edmund Rice. cWilliam Irwyn.

John Bickerftaffi

Captain-Lieutenant Gobume. Samuel Archer.

Andrew Dumbar.

Richard Kane.

Wm. Hamilton.

Jof. Cunningham.

William Shaw.

John M'Cullogh.

John Cunningham.

Joffiua Campbell.

Samuel Ferguson.

Fra. Royd.

Ensigns.

Anlh. Shoburne. Samuel Shelcrols. Richard Jackson. James Morris. James Royde. John Wilson. John White.

Wm. M'Cullogh. Joseph Wilson. John Brady.

John Clements. Forrest Shortidge.

iGrenadiers. William Crofts, Adjutant

Mr.JohnJCDOl. Chaplain.. John Quarter-m

Tho. Adare, Surgeon. John Hughes, Quarter-master, John Thompson, Mate.

Added, at the Commencement of the Siege, Four Companies.

Captains. Lieutenants. Ensign*.

Ja." M*Cormick. Wm. Gunter. Geo. Ryford.

David Chalmers. Oliver ArcketiU. Cha. Johnston.

Cha. Shaw. Edward Rakne. John Railey.

Mich.Curingham. ' Wm. Pollock. John Torefyth.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Resolutions be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

A Petition of John Collyns, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Mariners lately belonging to his Majesty's; Ship the Bris, was prefonted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Ship did, in- June last, < take, as Prize, a French Ship, called the Flying Hart, in the West Indies, being the re with Admiral NeoiWs Squadron, which was richly laden with Bale Goods, of Tiflqes, Silks, Plate, Jewels, Gold, and Spanish Money: That Stephen Elliot, Captain of the said Ship ffristoll, fold the said Prize, and her Cargo; and converted the Money to his own Use: That, some of the Petitioners having gotten some Plunder, at die taking the said Ship, the said Captain compelled the same from them, under Pretence of making an equal Dividend amongst the Ship's, Company; but never did: And afterwards, the- Petitioners defiling a Dividend, he laid Two of them in Irons: And praying a Committee may be appointed to examine the Matter, that the King may have his Right, and the Petitioners relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Colt, Sir Robert Rich, Mr. Clark, Mr. Apreece, Mr. Heveningham, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Joseph Tyly, Mr. Culliford, Mr. Yates, Mr. Palmes,

Sir Clo. Shooell, Sir Tho. Roberts, Sir Fra. Massam, Mr. York, Mr. Barrington, Mr. Hoar, Mr. B/ofeild, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Weld, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Ryder, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Pocklington, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Harley, Mr. Mountsteoens, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Thompson: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber; And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records. '

Ordered, That the Articles of Impeachment against John Goudet, and others, and their Answers, and the Re-

plications thereunto, be printed with the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Royal Luftring Company was referred.

Ordered, That the Report of the Addrefi touching Londonderry be taken into Consideration upon Tomorrow Sevennight

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee appointed to manage the Tryal of Impeachments against John Goudet, and others, 'fnat he had, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire, That a convenient Place may be appointed for the Managers of the said Tryal, as is usual; their Lordships had given Answer, That they will fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

(a) Supplied from ths original Account.

Sir

Impeachment of Goudet. 4c.

Sufferers at Londonderry,

Impeachment of Goudet, &c.

Impeachment of Du-maiftre, &c.

Impeach* went of Goudet, &c.

io W. III.

8° Jmii.

305

Sir Rowland Gxvyn also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit de die in diem, and as often as they please.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Leave to fit again de die in diem, and as often as they please, notwithstanding the Sitting of the House.

The ingrafted Articles of Impeachment against John Dummflreand John AuriaU were read; and agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland do carry the said

Articles to the Lords.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported. That the Committee appointed to inspect the Journals of the House of Lords, and lee what hath been done by the Lords upon the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others, had inspected the same accordingly: An Account whereof he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth;

That upon searching the Lords Journals, in relation to the Impeachment and Tryal of the Lord Treasurer, the Earl of Middlesex, in the Year 1624, the Committee did find;

That, 26 April 1624, a Committee of Lords was appointed to search Precedents, in what Manner the Parties complained of have answered here; and report the same to the House.

27 April. The Earl of Bridgwater reported. That, according to the Order made Yesterday, his Lordship had peruled many Precedents,-for the Manner how the Parties complained of have answered here; and that his Lordship did not find, by any Precedent, which his Lordship has seen, that any, though a Member of this House, did answer by his Counsel; and that divers Members of this House, and others, have answered in Person, without Counsel; and that Counsel was denied unto Michael de la Pole, Lord Chancellor, Anno 1 o* Rich when he required the fame.

Whereupon, the Lords, in answer to a Petition of the said Lord Treasurer's, did fend him Word, That his Lordship may use what Counsel he please to advise himself, for his Defence; but it stands not with the Order of the House, to allow Counsel at the Bar in Cafes of this Nature.

1666. And, upon searching the Journals of this House, in relation to the Impeachment of the Lord Viscount Mordaunt, in the Year 1666, being the 18th of King Cha the 2d;

26 Jan. Ordered, That the Persons appointed to manage the Evidence upon the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordaunt, do proceed therein, according to the Precedent of the Lord Cranfeild.

The Members appointed to manage the Evidence, upon the Articles of Impeachment against the Lord Viscount Mordaunt, being returned from the Lords, Sir Robert Atkins reports, That, according to the Appointment of this House, they had attended mat Service; and, having proceeded to the Reading of the Articles, did observe. That, during the Reading of them, the Lord Mordaunt was within the Bar of the Lords House; and therefore moved their Lordships, That, according to former Precedents in such Proceedings, he might Hand without the Bar of the House; when one appeared as Counsel for him; beginning to plead in this Matter, they thought fit to interrupt him, acquainting their Lordships, That his Lordship ought not to have any Counsel assigned him to plead for him, in Matter of Fact, upon the Impeachment: Whereupon, their Lordships commanded them to withdraw; and being afterwards called in again, their Lordships acquainted them, That they had referred it to their Committee of Privileges, to search former Precedents in Proceedings of this Nature; and to report it on Monday Morning.

29 January. Mr. Pryn reported from the Committee appointed to consider of Precedents relating to the Method Vo i. XIL

of Proceeding, upon the Articles of Impeachment against impeach-the Lord Viscount Mordaunt, several Precedents:

Ift. An Order of the House of Lords, concerning Goudet* * Matters of Judicature, made 28° Mail 1624; wherein their Lordships declared, That if Defendants shall demand it of the House in due time, they shall have their learned Counsel to aflill them in their Defence, whether they be able, by reason of their Health, to answer in Person, or not, lb as they choose Counsel void of any Exception; and if such Counsel shall refuse, then they are to be assigned as the Court shall think fit

lid. Anno i* 8$ 2* Car. 1 mi.In the same of the Earl of Briftoll, it was ordered, by the Lords, That he should

have Counsel to plead his Cause.

11 Id. 6° Apr. Sir George Pinion, being impeached for several Misdemeanors and Crimes, was assigned Counsel by the Lords.

IVth. 5th, 11 th, July, 1642. The same Parliament,

Gurney Lord Mayor of London, being impeached by the Commons, for High Crimes and Misdemeanors, had Coufel assigned him by the Lords; and at the Hearing at the Lords Bar, they were ordered to proceed in his Defence.

Sept. 30th 1645. The Earl of Stamford, being impeached by the Commons, for assaulting and linking Sir Arthur Ha/lerig, had Counsel allowed him.

And, upon the Question, it was resolved, That this House acquiesce with the Lords, in allowing Counsel to be assigned to the Lord Mordaunt, upon his Tryal.

27 Mail 1698. Peter Longeoille delivered in his Answer, at the Bar, to the Articles of Impeachment exhibited against him.

John Goudet, David Barreau, Steph. Seignoret, Rene Baudowyn, Nich. Santini, Peter Diha, and John

were also severally called in; and delivered their several Pleas to the Articles of Impeachment against them: And,' being withdrawn, were again called in, and asked, If they would abide by their Pleas now put in, or plead Not Guilty? of which they had time allowed them to consider till Tomorrow Eleven a Clock.

28 May. John Goudet was called in, and asked,

Whether he did infill upon his Plea presented to this House Yesterday ? Whereupon, he desired to withdraw the fame; and delivered in an Answer.

David Barreau, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudowyn,

Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharfe, and John Pearfe, were severally called in, and asked, Whether they did infill upon their Pleas presented to this House yesterday? Whereupon, they severally desired to withdraw the fame; and did severally deliver in their Answers to the Articles of Impeachment

3° Junii. The Lords, taking into Consideration the Commons Replications to the several Answers of John Goudet, and the other Persons impeached, did order, That John Goudet, David Barreau, Peter Stephen

Seignoret, Rene Baudowyn, Nicholas Santini, Peter Di-harce, and John Pearfe, shall be tried at the Bar of this House, on Thursday, the 9th Day of this instant June, at Eleven of the Clock in the Forenoon.

6° Junii. Upon reading the Petition of John Goudet,

David Barreau, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudowyn,

Nicholas Santini, and Peter Diharce, Merchants, and John Pearfe, Gentleman: praying a Fortnight longer, or such other competent Time, in order to prepare for their several Tryals, as their Lordships shall think fit; and an Order, That Sir Tho.

Sir Barth. Shoar, Mr. Northy, Mr. Dodd, and Mr.

Phipps, may be Counsel, to plead for the Petitioners, at the Bar of this Honourable House, and their Solicitors to manage for them, at their said Tryals:

It was Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal,

in Parliament assembled, That Sir Thomas Powis, Sir Barth. Shoar, Mr. Northy, Mr. Dodd, and Mr.

shall be, and they are hereby, assigned Counsel, to plead for the Petitioners upon their Tryals, at the Bar of this House, upon the Articles of Impeachment against them.

4 I 7* JunOf

30 6 8° — 9°

7* Junii. It is Ordered, by the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, in Parliament assembled, That the Consideration of the Message brought Yesterday from the House of Commons, desiring a convenient Place may be appointed for the Managers of the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others, as is usual, shall be, and is hereby, referred to the Lords Committees appointed to consider of the Method of receiving Impeachments: Who are to meet Tomorrow, at Ten of the Clock in the Forenoon; and, having inspected the Journals, are to report what they find hath been done in like Cafes.

Supply Bill; An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs VeUuro°n&c Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum,

' Parchment, and Paper, was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 10. L. #, to leave put " herein after-mentioned " * *,*' and, instead thereof, to insert " by any " Act of this Session is, or shall be, declared and provided

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton, do carry the Bill to the Lords, and defife their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cooke and

Sir John Francktyn:

Mr. Speaker,

Pitt's Estate. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to confirm a Conveyance made by George Pitt Esquire, and others, of the Manor of Tand other Lands,

In the County of Dorset, to John Pitt Gentleman, and the Heirs Male of his Body; To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Tonage and a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill oun age. for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonage

and Poundage, towards raising the Sum of 700,000l. per Annum, for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton, took the Chair of the Committee.

' Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to . Teport, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Impeach- Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to ac-"*nt quaint them, That, by reason of extraordinary Business,

e ' c* this House cannot be ready Tomorrow to prosecute the Impeachments against John Goudet, Dctcid Barreau, Peter Longueville, Stephen Rene ' Nicholas Santini, and Peter Diharce, Merchants, and John Pearfe Gentleman; and to desire, That their Lord-' ships will appoint some other Day for the Tryal of the said Persons, upon the said Impeachments.

Ordered, That Mr. Boyle do carry the said Message.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Junii. 1698*

Jovis, 9* die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Praters.

O RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Clause, 9hiP

to add the Ships Margaret and to the Margaret

Bill for giving Leave to the Ship Jeffrye$ to import her Lading into this Kingdom.

An ingrossed Bill for erecting Work-houses, and Houses Sh&ft*»bury of Correction, in the Town of Shaftesbury, and for the or*house»* better Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for erecting Work-houses and Houses of Correction, in the Town of Shajiesbury; and for the better Employment and Maintenance of the Poor there.

Ordered, That Mr. Nicholas do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Pump-makers in and about the City Ledging-of London, on behalf of themselves, and others, was pre- £am's SfalP fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That by the "uulp*'

Bill, depending in this House, for Encouraging of Robert Ledgingham's new-invented Pumps for Ships, the said Robert Ledgingham's Patent is to be confirmed, and the Petitioners reltrained from making any thing resembling the fame: That there is nothing new in the Petitioner's Hand-pump; and, they are informed, the same was outdone, upon Experiment made, before the Members of Trinity House, by the common Hand-pump now in Use:

That the said Bill will utterly ruin the Petitioners, and their Families: Therefore pray to be heard, at the Bar of the House, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Books of Toryn and Toryn, Papers to b* which lie before the Committee appointed to consider of re-delivered, the Trade between England and Ireland; and howr to make the Trade of this Kingdom more beneficial; be delivered back to them.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pitt'e Estate. to confirm a Conveyance made by George Pitt Esquire, and others, of the Manor of Tarrant-Preston, and other Lands, in the County of Dorsett, to John Pitt Gentleman, and the Heirs Male of his Body, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Witnesses summoned to attend the Impeach-Tryal of John Goudet, and others, upon the Impeach- en‘of ments against them, do attend the Committee appointed ou et' &c' to manage the said Impeachments de die in diem.

Mr. Boyle reported, That he having been at the Lords, Ditto, to acquaint them, That by reason of extraordinary Business, this House cannot be ready to prosecute the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others; and to desire, That their Lordships would appoint some other Day for the Tryal of the said Persons, upon the said Impeachments; the Lords have appointed this Day Sevennight for the Tryal of the said Persons.

Mr. Edward Harley, according to Order, presented to Estates given the House a Bill to veil the Estates given to superstitious to superfti-Uses in Greenwich Hospital, for the Maintenance of Sea- tlous Use*' men, and other charitable Uses. '

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Walter Young, according to Order, presented to Customs Retire House a Bill for the establishing further _ Rples, Sulation*

24 Orders,

10 W. III. 90 — i. o'

Orders* mid Directions, for the regulating and better managing his Majel'ty's Customs.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Dutie* on An ingrotied Hill for preventing Frauds and Abuses in Marriages, charging, collecting, and paying, the Duties upon Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers, was read the Third Time.

Resolvc:!, That the Bill do pase: And that the Title be, An Act for-preventing Frauds and Abuses in charging, collecting, and paying the Duties upon Marriages, Births', Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to- the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Supply Bill; Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the Committee of the Tonage and whole House, to w hom the Bill for granting to his Ma-0U" jesty a further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, to-

wards railing the Sum of 700,000l. per Annum, for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for saving the Rights of the late Bankers to their Debts:

The Question was put, That the Clause be received:

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for . } 8*.

Tellers for the Noes,{|" } «2-

'So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cooke and

Sir John Franklyn;

Mr. Speaker,

Widmnd's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Humphrey JValrond Gentleman to fell Part of his Estate, for the making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter, who are Limaticks; and Payment of his Debts; and raising Portions for his other Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

Accommoda- We are also to acquaint this House, That the Lords Hous^aHm- ^ave c°nfidered of the Message from this House of the rAmfr<f Sixth Instant, to desire a convenient Place may be appointed for the Managers of the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others, as is usual; and their Lordships, having looked into Precedents, do find, That, at Tryals upon Impeachments, at the Bar of the House of Lords, the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to manage the Evidence, have always come to the Bar of the House, without any other Provision for them; and their Lordships intend to proceed in the same Manner, as hath been usual at all Tryals within their House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Jmii. 307

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tcnmonsow Morning, Nine a Clock.

—— — — ----- — r " " —

Venetis, 10* die Jun;

Decimo Gulielmi.

PttAYERS.

AN ingrossed Bin for giving Leave to the Ship Mary' Ship land Merchant to import her lading into this Kingdom was read the Third time. er

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the BHI, to insert " Lading or" before " Importation."

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed onto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for giving Leave, to the Ship Maryland,

Merchant, of Bristoll, to arrive, and import her Lading into this Kingdom.

Ordered, That Mr. Yates do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Walrontf* to enable Humphrey JValrond Gentleman, to fell Part of

his Estate, for the making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter, who are Lunaticks, and Payment of his Debts; and raising Portions for his younger Children; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of John Hand ford was presented to the Privilege — House: Hand ford'*

And the same relating to the Lord Combury, who Petition" not being in the House;

Ordered, That the Lord Combury do attend, in his Place, upon Wednesday Morning next: And that the Petition be theu read.

A Bill to vest Estates given to superstitious Uses in Estate* give* Greenwich Hospital for the Maintenance of Seamen, and other charitable Uses, was, according to Order, read the Uous u *" First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be reed a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of Major Christopher Wray, of Colonel Army1 Farrington's Regiment of Foot, lately disbanded, was An-ear*. presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Mr. Peter Bernard, Agent for the said Regiment, hath long since received the Subsistence of the said Regiment, from iff of July 1697, to 12 of March lait; yet refuseth to account, or pay the Petitioner: And praying Relief.

Ordered That the Lord Ranelagh do examine the Matter, and give the House an Account thereof.

A Bill for the establishing further Rules, Orders, and Customt . Directions, for the regulating and better managing his R«gulat». Majesty's Customs, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Sevennight, in a full House.

EaA-India A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-Company. chants of London trading to the East Indies, in a General Court assembled, was presented to the House, read; letting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

Messagtircai Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Morning, take the Message from the Lords, relating to the Im-

Impeach- peachments, into Confederation, meat*. Vol. XII.

A Petition of Charles Earl of Macclesfeild was presented Privilege — to the House. ' Earl of Mac*

And the same relating to Sir JViUia; who ^esfeild'* not being in the House; etitioa.

Ordered, That Sir William Brownlow do attend the House, in his Place, upon Tuesday Morning next: And that the Petition be then read.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Wardens, Assistants, and East India Commonalty of the Occupation, Art, and Mystery, of Trade.

Weavers,

E&ft-Iodia

Trade.

Supply Bill;

Building

Ships.

Timber in New Forest.

Supply Bill Tonage and Poundage.

Proposal of

East India Company.

308 10 0 Junii.A. 1698.

Weavers, in the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill now depending before this Honourable Iioule, for- Establishing an East India Trade, which, without foine Re-

strictions to their Trading in the Silk Matiufactures of that Country, will be destructive to the Silk Manufactures of this Kingdom: And praying, in the settling the said Trade, some Regard may be had to the English Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Wardens and Assistants of the Company of the Worsted-weavers of the City of Norwich, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Bill depending in this Honourable House, to establish an East India Trade, great Quantities of Goods manufactured will be brought into these Kingdoms, to the Prejudice of the Nation in general, and in abating the Price of Lands depending upon the Growth of Wool, and to the Ruin of many Thousand Families whose Subsistence depends wholly upon the said Manufacture: And praying a Prohibition to the bringing in of Goods ready manufactured.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill for applying to the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores, which were provided for the building Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for applying to the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores, which were provided for the building Seven-and-twenty Ships of War.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and detire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New , in the County of Southampton.

An ingossed Bill for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, towards railing the yearly Sum of 700,000l. for the Service of his Majesty'g Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for granting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, towards railing the yearly Sum of 700,000l. for the Sevice of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Proposal, agreed on at a General Court of Adventurers in the General joint Stock to the East Indies, holden the 10th Day of June One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, was presented to the House, and read; and is as followetii; viz.

At a General Court of Adventurers in the General joint Stock to the East Indies, holden the 10th of June 698:

It is agreed, humbly to propose the Honourable House of Commons;

That, in order to supply the Government, the Company's Stock being 1,574,608/. 10s. 6d. they are willing to fiibmit to a Valuation of 50 per Cent.', viz. 20 Cent, for their dead Stock; and that they will guarantee their quick Stock at 30 per Cent, more; reserving the Overplus to themselves:

That the Company will open their Books for new Subscriptions, to make up the said present Stock, so reduced to 787,304/. 5s. 3d. not exceeding Two Millions; and

that this Company will raise, for the Service of the Government, so much Money, upon the whole, as the Fund of 8 per Cent, shall amount unto, not exceeding Two Millions; provided they be settled by Act of Parliament, exclusive of all others, with such Powers and Privileges as will enable them to carry on the Trade.

Signed, by Order of the said General Court,

Ro. Seer.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Adjoura-That the House do adjourn till Monday Moraiag, Nine ment-a Clock.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the YmJJJf; } 9-

Teller, for the Noe^Sf. Y} »9-

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, s,pp1y . resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Poll Tax. consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Ordered,

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being Supply Bill; put, That the Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two An* Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of l Co. certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8/. Annum for incorporated.] every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein , mentioned, redeemable by Parliament, be now read the Second time:

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the Y. } «35-

Teller, for the Noes,} *.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Bill was read u Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the East India Company, presented to the House Yesterday, be referred to the said Committee of the whole House:

And that the Committee do hear the Company, by their ' Counsel, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee do also hear the King's Counsel.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petitions of the Companies of Weavers of London and Norwich, be referred to the said Committee.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Waiter's for securing the Portions intended by Sir William Walter Baronet, deceased, for his Children by the Lady Mary Walter his Second Wife; and for preventing all Doubts which might arise upon the Construction of the Articles and Will therein mentioned; without any Amendment Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Nawcafti* for the better supplying the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne Waterworks with fresh Water, without any Amendment Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Cecil'* veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, te* and elsewhere in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Diana Cecil, and her Heirs: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to settle the Trade to Africa, with some Amendments: Trade*

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Committees.

Garon's, &c. Nat.

Trafford's

fcftatr.

CecirsEstate-

East India

Trade.

Ditto.

i o W. I1L I o°- — 116 Junii. 3 of

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning. Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 11* die Junii;

left destitute, without Employment: And praying, That the House would give Encouragement to the said Trade, by the Bill now depending for settling the East India Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Decimo Gulielmi.

Era y Efts.

THE House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Peter Garon, and others:

Which, being twice read, were agreed unto by the House, upon the Question put thereupon; and are as follow;

Pr. 2. L., 13, alter " Beamed add " David " mantell, Son of Henry Langenmautell, by Anna Regina tl his Wife, born in Augsbourgh, in Germany; u Schorer, Son of John Schorer, by Sarah his Wife, born " at Hamburgh; and William Bichet, Son of William " Bichet, by Esther his Wife, born at in Normandy."

L. 34, after, " Casa Major,*'add "

" mantell, John Baptista Schorer, and William Bichet."

Pr. 4. L. 1. after " Casa Major," add "

" Langenmantell, John Baptista Schorer, and William

" Bichet."

Ordered, That Mr. Yates do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for enablin>2 Humphrey Trafford Esquire to raise 4,0001, upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, was committed. That they had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, and elsewhere, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Diana Cecil, and her Heirs, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mailers, Wardens, and Assistants, of the Company of Weavers, in the City of Canterbury, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Trade depends on weaving all Sorts of flowered, striped, and plain, Silks, and Stuff's mixed with Silk and Wool; and hath, of late Years, been very much diminished, by the Importation and Consumption of India wrought Silks and Stuffs: That, the Petitioners are informed, this honourable House is about settling the East India Trade; which, if done without Restriction, will inevitably destroy all this Manufacture: And praying fijeh Impositions may be further laid on all Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Silk, as may enable them to carry on their Manufacture; or such other Restrictions, as shall leem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Mayor and Commonalty of the City of Canterbury was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Trade of weaving all forts of Silks, and Stuffs mixed with Wool and Silk, within this City, hath employed and maintained a great Number of poor People, who have lived very comfortably, till, of late Years, the said Trade hath dccrealed, and tire Poor Vot. XII.

A Petition of several Merchants trading to the Plan- R*g,string lions in America, on behalf of themselves, and others, ‘ ,ps* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are interested, as Owners, in several Ships, that failed from London, and other foreign Parts, into the Plantations in America: That, upon the Arrival of several of the said Ships there, the Governors, or other Officers, seized and stopped the fame, for want of a Certificate, according to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade; which was really omitted through Inadvertency and Ignorance of the Petitioners: And praying, That the Petitioners may be relieved, so that their said Ships may not incur the Penalties of the said Act, for omitting only to register the said Ships pursuant thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Time for Six Months, for registring Ships which are English Built, and English Property.

Ordered, That in the said Bill be included Prize Ships to be named, and proved to be lawfully condemned by the Admiralty, and bought: And that Mr. Jeffrys and Mr. Moore do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Mom- Preventing

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole folk Elation House, to consider of the Bill for making more effectual Return*-an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the African Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Trade.

An Act to settle the Trade to Africa;

And the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

4 Sk. 16 L. after "that," insert "to the belt of his " Knowledge and Belief"

L. 28, after " permitting," add "or not being hindered by other unavoidable Accidents."

7 Sk. 18 L- for " England," read "'Africa."

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, Duties on and others chargeable with the Duties upon low Wines, Wine*, and Spirits, was read a Second time.

Rofolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to' consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out that Clause in the Bill, which

relates to Cvder.

Ordered, That the East India Company, do, upon Mon- E. I. Com-day Morning next, lay before this House an Account of Pony's Heye-all their Revenues in India, and also of the Charges of uues *" their Forts.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap- Insertion of pointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company E-1 c* be made upon Tuesday Morning next. 00

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to supply Bilj whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a pull iax.

4 K Quarterly

Jio n8 — 13*-

Quarterly Poll, for One Year, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause of Loan upon the said Bill, and upon the Act for the Duties upon Coal and Culm.

Supply Bill; Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Bill for Duties on granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, feve-

' ral additional Duties on Salt, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Annum for every Hundred Pounds,

and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament, is committed: And that they do consolidate the fame.

A

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into

Poll Tax. a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directeld him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Impeach- Rejoiced, That this House will, upon Morning

meat of next, take into Consideration the Message from the Lords,

Goudet, elating to the Tryal of the Impeachments against John

Goudet, and others.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten a Clock.

Luna, 13° die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Pbaters.

Luftringt A N ingrossed Bill for the better Encouragement of

Trade. JLX. the Royal Luftring Company; and Sie more

effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Luf-trings and Alamodes; was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were severally proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 8, to leave out " and, " and insert " or," instead thereof.

Pr. 9. L. 7, to leave out " was," and insert " shall " be," instead thereof.

L. 8, to leave out " had," and insert " hath," instead thereof.

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended accordingly at the Table.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Encouragement of the Royal Luftring Company; and the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of Luftrings and Alamodes.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Message re- Rejoiced, That this House, Tomorrow Morning, take lating to Im- into Consideration the Message from the Lords, relating peachments. to Tryal of John Goudet, and others, upon the Impeachments against them.

Supply BUI; Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order reported, Poll Tax. from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the

Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they 14

- i 40 Junii. A. 1698.

had directed him to report to thd House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme w'ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were dtf-agreed, and the llelidue agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That all Auditors, Reeves, or Receivers, of his Majesty's Fee-farm Rents, shall allow 3 s. for every Pound they tball receive of every Tenant so paying the feme, without Fee; on Pain of 20 /. to the Party grieved, to be recovered as other Penalties in the said Act.

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply BUI; a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the ®aif,?S Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by [Ne e!Tc*. settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annui- iucori, tt*le<-ties, after the Rate of 81, per Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament.

Air. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, lliat they had made feme Progress in the Bill; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BilL

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 14* die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

N ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act PUt'« E&u*. to confirm a Conveyance made by George Pitt Esquire, and others, of the Manor of Tarrant Preston, and other Lands, in the County of Dorset, to John Pitt Gentleman, and the Heirs Male of his Body, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harley,'

Mr. Vincent, Six Henry Colt, Sir John Mr. dit, Mr. Harrison, Mr. York, Sir Marm. JVyrell, Mr. OJ-borne. Sir IVm. Lotcther, Lord Cavendish, Mr.

Mr. Apreeje, Mr. Mouhstecens, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Thorn-haugh, Sir Henry Hobart, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. BattiJ-cornb, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Blojeild, Sir Edward HmgerJ'oMr. Bockland,

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Trelawny, Mr. Burrington, Mr. Austin,

Sir Cha. Windham, Mr. Manley, and all that lerve for the

Counties of Dorset and Wilts: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill for enabling Humphrey Trafiord'a

Esquire to raise 4,000 /. upon his Estate, for Payment Estate. of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's: And that the Title be,

An Act for enabling Humphrey Trafford Esquire to raise 4,000l. upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That- Mr. Brother ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Desborough'* whom the Petition of Captain Charles was s,).are of

referred, be made upon Monday Morning next. Pru#*

Ordered,

Copper

Coinage.

Committees.

Timber in Mew Foreih

jo W. Ill, Jum.31 i

Ordered, That a Message be Tent to the Lords, to put " disposing of, any Trees, contrary to the Intent of this them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act to stop the " Act, such Officer shall, for such his Offence, forfeit Coining of Farthings and Half-pence, for one Year; And " his Office."

that Mr. Car do carry the said Message. Ordered. That Mr. Smith do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed Ordered, That all Committees be revived. to the said Amendments.

The House, according- to Order, proceeded to take into Comsideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Increase and Preservation of Timber in the New Forest, in the County of Southampton:

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: and are as follow'; vis.

1 Sk. iq L. leave out " forthwith."

2 Sk. L. 1, after " Acres," add " shall be made in " manner following; that is to say, One thousand of the said Acres."

L. 5, after " ever," add " the remaining One " thousand Acres, from and immediately after the De-." termination of the First Session of Parliament, which shall be held after the Year of our Lord 1699, shall " be in like manner admeafnred by a sworn Surveyor,

" and let out and inclosed, butted and bounded; and " the Quantities, Butts, and Boundaries thereof, returned " into the said Court of Exchequer, there to remain of " Record."

L. 9. instead of " Inclosure," read " several Inclosuresand, after " of," read " the said."

L. 18, leave out " defraying the Charges and."

4 Sk. L. 9, after , add Clause A: " And be it " further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That the " said Inclosures shall not be plowed, or sowed with any " Com, or fed with any Cattle; or be, at any time or u times hereafter, kept for Underwood, but in such manner only as shall be fit for the Railing and " Prefer ving of Timber for the Use of the Navy."

L. 16, after " Officer," add " or any other Person " whatsoever."

L. 2.5, after " Law," add " except in the Waste-u grbund of the said Forest, to be then appointed by " One or more of the Verdurers, and Two or more of the Regarders of the Surveyor or Woodard, and " not within One thousand Paces of any Inclosure to be " made by this Act; nor shall any of the said Coalhearths, or Coal-fires, be fenced with Bullies, but with " Heath or Furz only."

7 Sk. L. 7, after " Defendant," add " and shall also u be incapable of holding or enjoying any Office or Employment whatsoever."

Clause D: " And be it further Enacted, That, at all " times hereafter, when any Sale of Wood shall be or-4‘ dered to be made within the said Forest, publick Notice thereof shall be given, by the proper Officers of the " Forest, in all the adjacent Market-Towns, Three Weeks " at least before such Sale, of the Time and Place where " such Sale shall be made; and that the Officers, who are a usually in that Cale intrusted, do let a Valuation, before " the Day of Sale, of the Wood to be sold; of which " Valuation to be made, Notice shall be given to Two " or more of the Verdurers of the said Forest; and the " Person or Persons who, at the Time and Place afore-" said, shall offer most Money for the Farcel of Wood " then to be sold, over and above the same was valued " at, making his Proposal in Writing, and giving good " Security for Payment of the said Money, shall be # " the Purchaser."

Clause C: " And be it further Enacted, That no Officer whatsoever shall take any Fee, Poundage, Gratuity, or Reward, for the Felling of any Trees to cut " down for the Inclosures to be made by virtue of this " Act; or for or upon the Sale of the Residue or Remainder of such Trees as shall be cut down for the " Purposes aforesaid, if any there be; or for the Sale of " the Lops, Tops, or Roots, of the said Trees."

Clause D: " And be it further Enacted, That if any " Officer whatsoever shall offend, in cutting down, and Voj.. XII.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Message from the Lords, the Ninth Instant, relating to the Tryal of John Goudet, and others, upon the Impeachments against them:

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Message, the Ninth Instant, relating to the Tryal of John , and

others, upon the Impeachments against them.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to manage the Evidence at the said Tryal, do draw up what shall be offered at the said Conference.

Sir Henry Hobart, according to Order, reported, from the Committee appointed to inspect the East India Company's Books, relating to the Trade, Estate, and Management, of the Company, the Matter, as it appeared to them; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read, and is as followeth; viz.

That it appeared to the Committee, upon their inspecting the East India Company's Books, That the original Stock of the said Company, in the Year 1657, was 369,891/. 5 s.:

That 390/. I per Cent, was divided between the First Day of October, 1661, and the First Day of April 1681:

That, upon the Second of November 1681, a General Court was held; where they call in the Residue of the Adventurers Subscriptions, at 1*00l. per Cent, at Two equal Payments; and an Entry made in the Books, as appears by the Paper marked A:

That, on the 18th January 1681, another General Court was held; where they revoke the said former Order, and make a Dividend of 150 i per Cent.; viz. 100 /. per Cent, to double their Stock, and 50/. to be paid in Money; and an Entry made thereof, as appears by the Paper marked B.

That, upon reading the foregoing Orders, the Committee inquiring of some of the Company, What was the Caule of lb great an Alteration of their Affairs, in lo short a Time, as from 2d November 1681, to the 18th January following? were informed by them. That upon the 14th January, which was the Day their Committee came to the aforesaid Resolution of doubling their Stock, and /of dividing of 501 per Cent, they bad received Advice of the Arrival of Six Ships; viz. the Bernar, distort, the Persia-Merchant, the Eagle, the President, the Society, the Berkley-castle: the Cargoes whereof they computed at (a)[upwards] 500,000l. Value.

It appeared likewise to the Committee, That, upon the 31th December 1680, the Company owed 532,589/.

5 d.and took up at Iofereft, in the Year 1681, 80,940/.: So that, in the Year 1681, they wei;e indebted 613,529/. is. 5 d.

That it appeared to the Committee, from the Company's Books, That, after the 50/. per Cent. Dividend, pursuant to the before-mentioned Entry, and the Doubling their Stock in the aforesaid Manner, all future Dividends were made and computed upon their Stock so doubled; of which the Committee found the following Entries; vis.

A Dividend of 25/. perCent. on the 21th October 16 & 5.

A Dividend of 25,/. per Cent, on the 14th

1686.

A Dividend of 25 /. per Cent, on the 12th October

1687.

A Dividend of 25/. per Cent, on the 2pth April

1688.

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

A Dividend

Message relating to Impede hmenUk

Conference desired with Lords,

East India Company,

312 14° Jurtii. . A. 1698.

East India A Dividend of 50/. per Cent. on the 2d October 626,709/. 2 s. 10 which Total wag afterwards re*

Company, j 689. duced, according to the Direction of their Charter, by

A Dividend of 501, per Cent, on the 8th April Repayments, and Discount for prompt Payment, to i6qi. 744,502/. 6s. 2d.; to wit, the old Adventurers

Which their Accountant said was the last Dividend. 362,084/. 10$. 9 d. and the new Adventurers 382,417/.

So that the Dividends, from 1657, to 1681, amount 15s. 5 </.: to 440/. f per Cent.; and from 1681, to 1691, doubling That, betwixt the 11th January 1693, and the 21th

the fame, as the Stock was, according to that nominal May 1698, several of the new Adventurers fold out Duplication, amounts to 400l. per Cent, in all, from their whole Stock, to the Amount of about 118,278/. 1657 to 1691, 840/. I per Cent, of the 369,891 /. 5$. 8$. 7

original Stock. The Committee, requiring, according to your Order, a

The Committee, not observing, upon the Company's Lift of those who are, at present, interested in the Capi-Books, any stated Accounts or Valuations, upon which tal, and their several Shares therein, were told, it could any of the said Dividends were made, only general Re- not be complied with, by reason of the frequent Transfers solutions of their Courts of Committees, examined the not yet polled in their Books.

Company's Accountant to that Matter: Who said, That The Committee find. That, the 30th November 1694, he knows of no other Method the Company take in their the Company owed, upon Bond, 401,813/. 8 s. 5 Dividends, than what appears by the said Books of the That, the 30th November 1695, they owed 637,296/. Court of Committees; nor knows of any Books or Ac- 12$. of which, borrowed, upon Bottomry, of the Adven-counts, wherein the Company's Stock whs, at any time, turers, 282,572 /. is. 8 d. at 20/. Premium upon 80/. valued or computed, before any Dividend made: Where- paid in, and 6 /. per Cent. Interest, as appears by an Order upon, of a General Court, held the 30th October 1695:

The Committee being desirous of further Satisfaction That, the 30th November 1696, the Company owed, in this Matter, and several of the Committee of the said upon Bond, 746,808/. 1,9$. 6 d.:

Company being then present, the Committee desired That, the 30th November 1697, they owed, upon Satisfaction from them therein: Who informed the Com- Bond, 595,896/. 19$. gd.; of which, taken up, upon mittee, That they have hitherto kept no Books of Bottomry, 294,493/. 8$. at 20/. Premium upon 160/. Valuation of their Stock, from whence they made their paid in, and 61. per Cent. Interest; as appears by an Dividends; but hope it will be otherwise for the future; Order made at the General Court, held the 24th September and that, upon the Arrival of their Ships, and calling 1697:

their Accountant, Cashier, and Book-keeper, to their That the Premium upon the Two Sums borrowed, Assistance, they made general Computations; upon which upon Bottomry, of such of the Adventurers as advanced they ordered their Dividends: the fame, amounts to 105,596/. 13$. besides the ln-

And feme of them said, That, upon their doubling terest, and what was allowed for prompt Payment: their Stock in 1681, the Addition by doubling was only That, the 31th Mw'ch 1698, to which time the Books nominal; and that 200'/. of the doubled Stock was worth are balanced, and no further, there was an additional no more than 100l. Stock before. Debt, upon Bond, of 35,658/. os. so that the

The Committee, further inquiring into the State of the Total of their Debt, upon Bond, to the said 31th March Company's Affairs, about the Time of the new Subscrip- 1698, amounts to 631,554/. 19$. 10 tions, find, by their Books, That, on the 29th of Apr That what is owing for Customs, by Computation, is 1693, they owed, at Interest, 451,507/. 16s. \od.; and 44*1111-

that, on the 3d of May following, there was an Order That there is also due, by Computatian of sundry made at a General Court, That the Adventurers may pay Ships Accounts of Freight, and Demurrage, on Balance, into the Company's Treasury any Sum of Money, not 10,191 /. 7$. 3d.

exceeding One Moiety of their joint Stock, before the The Committee inquiring, What their Debts might be

30th of June enfuin<*: . in India? were told by the Accountant, 'twas impossible

Pursuant to which Order, there was actually paid in for them to do it under Ten Days time.

325,56',/. os. 4 d.;and, in their Books, the Com- The Committee, then, inquiring into the Cacti and Cre-

mittee found an Order, of the 1 oth November 1693, dits of the said Company, were informed by the Cashier, That the several Adventurers, or their Assigns, who ad- Th&t they have now in Calli 5*400 / ' That there is vanced the said 325,565 /. os. 4 d. may receive back the owing to them, for Goods fold, 10,0001.: That they have respective Sums of Money by them so advanced, with 5*895 Bags of Salt-petre, which they value at 13,000l. Interest for the fame, at the 'Rate of 5/. per Cent, per The Committee inquiring, What Ships they had abroad

Annum, from the 30th June last; which Repayment was the Accountant delivered in a List of Ships, and their to commence Thirty Days after the Passing of their Cargoes: The Cargoes of which they valued at 925,639/. Charter: 3 ^:

And, at another General Court, held the 16th Day of That, desiring an Account of the Value of their dead November 1693, being the Day immediately preceding Stock in India, the Accountant gave the same Answer the Company's opening their Books for the new Sub- as he did to their Debts in India. feription, the Committee found it ordered, amongst other The Committee inquiring, How the 744,000l. paid in Things, That the Adventurers, upon their new Sub- upon the new Subscriptions was disposed of? the Ac-feriptions, be allowed their Proportion of the 325,565/. countant said, it was impossible for them to give a par-o s.4 d.paid in, by Order of 3d May last, with Interest ticular Account of it, that Sum being mixed with the rest for the fame, from the 30th June last, according to what of the Company s Money; but it was all comprised in was propostd to them from the Court of Committees. their Calli-Books: Which being called for, the Committee The Committee observed, That, upon 18th Novem- found them so voluminous and intricate, that it was her 1693, the said Debt was reduced to 256,359 /. 6$. impossible for (b) [them] to make out such Account: ji (/, But, upon examining them, they found, That, besides

That according to your Order, the Committee lay the 325,565/. os. A,d. repaid to the old Adventurers, before this House the Names of the Subscribers, with the pursuant to the aforesaid Order 10th, 1693,

respective Sums, and a Distinction of such as were old these following Particulars placed to Account:

Adventurers; whereby it appears. That the Subscription- November 30th, 1693, Paid, for the Company s special money did amount to (a)[in the Whole] 1,220,314/. Service, 24,983/.

13*- 5 d.;whereof subscribed, by the old Adventurers, December 7th, 1694, Paid, for Disbursements for the 593>605/. 10$. 7 d.;and, by the new' Adventurers, Company, 7,828/, 13$. (tj [1 </.]

(6) Ibid.

(a) Supplied from the original Report. (c) Ibid.

May

ioW.HI. 14° — i ffjunii. 313

May 9th, 1695. Paid to Sir Tho.Cook, on his Note, dated January loth, 1693. 90,000l.

That, inquiring of die Secretary, what Orders there were lately made, relating to Business in Parliament; he produced an Order of the General Court, holden the 27th May 1698.

let ladia And a Motion bong made, That Satisfaction be given C*"P"y- to the late Subscribers to the East India Company, for all Damages done them, by making Dividends beyond the real Value of the Company's Stock, at the time of such Dividend; and also, by ordering to be paid, out of the new Subscription, a Sum of about 325,000 /. lent by the Members of the old Company, by way of Increase of the capital Stock; such Damage to be answered out of the Estates of the Members of the old Company, respectively, receiving such Dividend and Payment;

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Re/ohed, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Ap* after the said adjourned Debate, resolve itself into a Cornet* s. 1. Co. mittee of the whole House, to consider further of the J,*P0Wtod 1 Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, alter the Rate of 8 /. per Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

to his Majesty's Ship die Bristoll, was referred, have Power to fit de die in diem.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty an Aid, Supply BUI; by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year, was read the Third time. Po" Tax.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made to the Bill, Pr. 22. L. *, -after " Persons," to inlert " Natives and Foreigners

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to put Raffia Trade, them in Mind of die Bill, intituled, An Act for encouraging and improving the Trade to Russia: And that Sir frilltam St, Qumtin do carry the said Message.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee ap- Accommo-pointed to draw up what shall be offered at a Conference dation of the with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of their Lordships Message, the 9th Instant, relating to the Tryal of John Goudett, and others, upon the Impeachments against them, That they had drawn up the same accordingly; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read, and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Walrend'a

£state.

Cacti* EA&tc.

Colly*' Share «f a Friss.

*1 — ..II.. 1 . — ' — 11 1L1.

Mercurii, 15* die Junii;

Decimo GulielmL

P bate as.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Humphrey IValrond Gentleman to fell Part of his Estate, for the making Provision forhiseldeft Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter, who are Lunaticks; and Payment of his Debts; and railing Portions for his other Children; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Burlington, Mr. Yates, Lord Caoendish, Mr. Cheney, Mr. Moun-stevens, Mr. Done, Mr. Gery, Sir Marm. fVycell, Sir Rich. Temple, Colonel Specot, Sir John -Bodes, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Trdawny, Sir Fran. Mr. Frewen,

Mr. Harrison, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Mr. Man-

ley, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Heoeningham, Mr. Mr. Champney, Mr. Pocklinston, Sir Wm. Lowther, Mr. Sher-rard, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Neale, Mr. Pagit, Mr. Lowther', and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Cornwall: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Au ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An A for veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, and elsewhere, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Diana Cecil, and her Heirs, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Lord Caoendish, Sir Marm. JVyveU, Mr. Neale, Sir Tho. Hussey, Sir Rithard Temple, Mr. St. John, Mr. Heoeningham, Sir f¥m. Lowther, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Wellington, Lord Con-ningsby, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr Mr. Far, Sir

John Bolles, Mr. Clerk, Lord Burleigh, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Colt, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Crawford, Mr. Mr.

Staynes, Sir Henry Colt, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Robert Harley, Sir Edward Abney, Mr. Apprice, Mr. Gery, Mr. Edward Harley, Mr. Foley, Sir Wm. Mr. Cartwright,

Mr Cowper, Mr. Lowther-, and all that serve for the

Counties of Kent and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Committee to whom the Petition of John Gotfyws, and qthers, Mariners, lately belonging

That the Commons, having a Right, at Tryals upon Impeachments, to come as a House, or by a Committee, as they shall think fit, have always had a convenient Accommodation prepared for them, as in the Cafes of the Earl of Strafford, and the Lord Viscount Stafford; and, therefore, may justly expert a convenient Place may be appointed for the Managers of the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others; whereby they may be the better enabled to make good their Charge against them.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do go to the Lords, Conference and desire the said Conferrence. with Lord*.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, That he having been at the Lords, to desire the said Conference, they do agree to a Conference presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the feme Committee do manage the said Conference.

And- they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported. That they had been at the Conference, and delivered to the Lords what they had in Charge.

The House resumed the adjoumed Debate of Yesterday: £*ft

And an humble Representation of the Committee of the Company. East India Company, holden the 15th of June One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, being presented to the House; the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

The humble Representation of the Committee of the East India Company, holden the Fifteenth June 1698, to the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled.

May it please your Honours,

The feid Committee having perused a Report made to this Honourable House, by a Committee appointed to inspect the Books of the East India Company, they do humbly, for such Answer as they can, in so short a time, give this Honourable House, fey;

That, about the End of the Year 1691, an Account was laid before this Honourable House, which was truly (fated from the Company's Books, and amounted to give this more than 744,000 L:

That many of the Adventurers, being well allured of the Truth thereof, did offer tbtenfelvas, Security, to make the feme good, 744,000l.:

4,4. That

East India Company.

33* '.*£ J U

That the Gompany riidvtffter^arddeontuftfe , M fer}d\* given {hem imthe Comporty's Books i, In puriaanoe where-out large and rich Ships for India* v , tl; of, tiw Sum of 325,565/. o$. 41/. vrabpei4>in by4«rdrtLef

By all which, they do not doubt to make it appear, the said Adventure!*; and Creafogfoeto them'aeaordmgty: riieirLqffes being consideredj That,: at the time of aUll- And whereas this Gourtik informed;. That their Majestii» »n#in the $oi.per Cent, the 3d, May 1-693, they had a King William and- Queen Maty have bfcea gracioiifly* good Estate, to.that Value; pleased to direct the passing the said Regulations into at.

To carry on the Trade effectually, the 3d of May Charter, under the Great-Seal, which may suddenly pals

1693, a Sum of 50 /. per Cent, was agreed to be ad- the&me; whereby it is-directed, ordered, and appdintfed, vaneed by. the Adventurers^ and repaid them again, with That the Sum of 744,000l. Ihoald be new-subscribed, the Codcurreuopof the new Subscribers; as appears by the and added to the Company's Stock, in such Manner ast following Orders of the General Court, hereunto annexed. will be provided for in the said Charter: This Court,

taking the Premises into their lerious Consideration; and At a- General Coutt of Adventurers for the General to the end that-the General joint Stock may be reduced joint Slock to the East Indies, holden at the East- to what it was, when valued by an. Ad of the last Sessions India House, the3d of May 1693. of Parliament, and at the time, when the said Heads of

The Governor representing unto the Generality, That Regulations were prOposed to, and accepted of by, the a considerable Sum of Money was requisite to be pro- Company, asr aforesaid; and for the better Encourage-vided, for the effectual carrying on of their Trade, both ment of the said new Subscriptiotis; and that the Trade at home and abroad; and that the Court of Committees to the East-Ihdies may be more national and difiiifive; were of Opinion, That if 50 per Cent, were brought in do therefore think fit to declare and agree, That the fe-by the Adventurers; as an . Addition to their present, veral Adventurers, or their Assigns, who advanced the Stock, it would give a great Reputation to their Affairs; said Sum of 325,565/. os. 4 may receive back the and thereupon had prepared Propofols, to be laid before respective Sums of Money, by them so advanced, and the General Court, to that Purpose: Which were now paid in; amounting the reunto; with'Interest for the feme, presented unto them,> and read: On Consideration whereof after the Rate of 5 /. per Cent, pier Annum, from the 30th had, the Court unanimously agreed for the railing and of June last, till repaid: Which Repayment, it is de-bringing in 50 Lper Cent, on the Terms following; viz. dared, shall commence Thirty Days after the passing of Resolved, That the Adventurers in the General joint the said Charter, and so shall continue daily to be made Stock of this Company, may pay info the said Com- from the said Time, till the First of January next, if de» pany's Treasury any Sum of Money, not exceeding one manded, and no longer; and that thereupon, each Ad-Moiety, or Half-part, of theinptefent joint Stock, on or venturer's Account of Credit in the Company's Books, by

before the 30th Day of June next; which shall be placed "

to their present Credit, as follows;

For every 100l. paid into the Treasury, by any Adventurer, on or before the 20th Day of this inllant May, such Adventurer shall have an additional Credit of 100l. in the faiff joint Stock; and also an Allowance of 3 per Cent, for prompt Payment thereof; and lb proportionally for a greater or lesser Sum:

For every 100l. paid into the Treasury, by any Ad--venturer, on or before the 31th of this instant May, such Adventurer shall have an additional Credit of 100l. in the' foid joint Stock; and also an Allowance of 2 per Cent. for prompt Payment thereof; and so proportionably for a greater or lesser Sum:

For every 100l. paid into the Treasury, by any Ad- was read now in Court: And thereupon represented to venturer, on or before the 1 otb of June next, such Ad- them, That the Court of Committees had considered of venturer, shall have an additional Credit of 100l. in the what was requisite to be done, in pursuance of the said said joint Stock; and also an Allowance of One per Cent. Charter; and had drawn up a Preamble, to be offered for prompt Payment thereof; and lb proportionably for unto them, containing the Terms and Conditions on which a greater or lesser Sum: the new Subscribers of the 744,000l. were to come iu:

For every 100 /. paid into the Treasury, by any Ad- Which were now read; and follows, in heee verba; venturer, on or before the 30th of June next, such Ad- Whereas their Sacred Majesties King William and venturer shall have an additional Credit of 100 /. in the Queen Mary, by their Royal Charter, under the Great foid Joint Stock; and an Allowance of One-half per Seal of England, bearing Date the 7th Day of October . Cent for prompt Payment; and so proportionably for a now last-past, have been gr&ciously pleased to confirm greater or lesser Sum: and establish the East India Company, under the Pro-

That, besides the said Allowances for prompt Pay- vifoes and Limitations therein expressed: And whereas ment, the respective Adventurers shall have Interest al- their foid Majesties, by Advice of the Lords of their Ma-lowed them, after the Rate of 6 /. pet Cent, per Annum, jetties most Honourable Privy-Council, have, by another from the time they shall so pay in their Money, to the Charter, under the Great Seal of England, bearing Date last Day of June aforesaid: the 11 th Day of this instant November, been likewise gra*

That, from and after the said last Day of June, it is ciously pleased to ordain, constitute, and appoint, amongst hereby declared, That no Adventurer shall have Liberty other Things, That the Sum of 744,000l. of lawful-to pay in any Money on the Terms afore* mentioned. Money of England, shall and may be added to the General joint Stock of the said Company, by the new Subscrip- -At a General Churt of Adventurers, holden (he tions of such Persons who shall be minded to ad venture any 10th November 1693. Share in the said General joint Stock; and that a Book, or

Whereas, in or about the Month of March lift, his Books, for the said new Subscriptions, shall be provided by Majesty was pleased to fend down to the Company the fold Governor and Company, within Six Days after the Heads of Regulations for increasing their Stock, and for Date of the said lalb recited Charter; which are to lie open the better carrying on their Trade to the East Indies;efrery Day in the Week,.Sunday.?excepted, at the East India which were agreed on, submitted to, and accepted of, by House in London, from the Hour of Eight

them: And whereas this Court did, on the 3d Day of to the Hour of Twelve in the Moming, and from the Hour May last, agree to a voluntary Addition of 501, per Cent, of Two to the Hour of Six in the Afternoon, until the to the then General jdint Stock, after the Rate of 100l. 10th Day of January next, inclusive; in which laid Book, for 100l. Stocky for the better chnying on of theif foid or Books, it shall and may be lawful to and for any Trade; for which the Adventurers were to have Credit PersonorPeHtas whatsoever, being natural-born Subjects

84

reason of the said Advance, be lessened and abated, in proportion to the Money lb repaid back.

A General Court of Adventurers, holden at the East India House the 16th Day of November 1693.

Present,

Sir Tho. Cook Knight and Alderman, Governor;

Francis Tyssen Esquire, Deputy;

With most of the Committees; and very many of the Generality.

The Governor acquainted the Generality with the: Occasion of their Meeting; viz. That their Majesties Charter of Regulations was passed the Great Seal: Which

io W. III. i c0 Junil 315

of this their Majesties Realm, or Persons naturalized and' indenized, to pay and subscribe, on or before the said 1 oth Day of January now next enfoing, such Sum or Sums of Money, to be added to the said joint Stock, as they shall think fit to adventure in the said Trade; fb as no one Person shall subscribe more than 10,000l.; and that, in case the said new Subscriptions shall exceed the Sum of 744,000l. the Governor, Deputy, and Court of Committees, shall lessen and reduce the said new Subscriptions to the said Sum of 744,000l. rata pro , and in proportion to the respective Sums so newly subscribed; and that every Person fb subscribing shall, at the time of their Subscriptions, make Oath, That the Monies by him or her subscribed, is his or her own proper Money, and fub-lcribed for their own Use, and not in Trust, or for any other Persons whatsoever; and that every Person, at the time of their Subscriptions, shall actually, and bona , pay dow n, to the Committees of the Treasury for the said Company, or their Cashier, One entire Third-part of the Sum of Money by each of them respectively so subscribed, and the Remainder thereof on or before the 10th Day of January now next coming: Now, in Conformity to the said last-recited Charter, it is hereby ordered by this Ge-ueral Court, That the Accountant-General do forthwith provide One or more Book or Books, made of Vellum, for taking of the said new Subscriptions for 744,000l. that the same may be laid open, as is directed by the said last mentioned Charter; wherein any Person or Persons, qualified as aforesaid, may subscribe such Sum and Sums of Money as they shall think tit, not exceeding, in the Whole, the Sum of 10,000l. according to the Direction of the said Charter:

And, for the better Encouragement of the said new Subscriptions, and bringing in of the Sums so to be subscribed, this Court thinks lit to declare and agree;

That for every 100l. of the said additional Stock that shall be subscribed, and paid in, on or before the 10th Day of January next, every Person so subscribing, and

paying in, the lame, shall have Credit in the Company's Books for 100l. Stock; and so proportionably for any other Sum:

And in case any Person shall schferibe any Sum of Money, as before is directed, and pay in one Third-part, or any greater Part, of such his or her Subscription, on Or before the 1 oth of December next, every such Person and Persons so l'ublcribing, and paying in, as aforesaid, shall have 10/. per Cent, allowed for prompt Payment of the Monies by them so paid in:

Any Person or Persons fubforibing any Sum of Money, as before is directed, and paying in One Third, or any greater Part, of such their Subscription, on or before the 20th Day of December, shall have 6 Cent, allowed for prompt Payment of the Monies so paid in:

Any Person or Persons fubforibing any Sum of Money, as before is directed, and paying in One Third, or any greater Part, of such their Subscriptions, on or before the 31st of the said Month of December, shall have allowed for prompt Payment of the Monies so paid in:

Any Person or Persons subscribing any Sum of Money, as before is directed, and paying in One Third, or any greater Part, of such their Subscriptions, on or before the 10th of January, shall have 3 per Cent, allowed for the

Monies so paid in.

Which said several Allowances of 1 o per Cent. 6 per Cent. 4 per Cent, and 3 per Cent, to be made to the several Persons subscribing, and paying in, their Money, on or before the several Days and Times before-mentioned, shall be paid to them, and every of them, by the Governor and Company, on or before the last Day of February next, in proportion to the several Sums of Money, for which the respective Subscribers shall have Credit in the Company's Books, upon the Reduction of the whole Sub-feriptions, in case they shall exceed the Sum of 744,000l. punuant to the Charter afore-mentioned.

On serious Consideration had of the Propofols before-mentioned, made by the said General Court, We, whole Names are subscribed. do, by these Prelents, consent and Vo l. XII.

agree thereunto; and do promise and oblige ottrselves, and our respective Executors, Administrators, and Assigns, to the said Governor and Company, to pay, or canfe to be paid, unto the said Governor, or to the Committee of the Treasury, or their Cashier, the several Sums of Money by us herein subscribed, at the time before limited, by their Majesties said Charter, to be added to the said General joint Stock; that is to say, the One Third-part thereof at the' time of our respective Subscriptions, and the Remainder on or before the 10th Day of January now next coming: And, in Default of such Payment, we do hereby covenant and agree with the said Governor and Company, That it shall and may be lawful for the said Governor and Company to deduct and retain, for the Use of the Adventurers in the said joint Stock, after the Rate of 10/. per Cent, of the Monies, by us so paid in, out of the Firit Dividends to be made, on upon the-Sale er Alienation of the fame, which shall first happen; and that we are to have no more Credit in the Company's. Books, than what shall be 1b actually paid in by us on or before the said 10th of January next

On Debate of which laid Preamble, the General Court were pleased to content thereunto, intermms.

They also ordered and agreed, That the Adventurers, upon their new Subscriptions, be allowed their Proportions of the Three hundred and Twenty-five thousand Five hundred Sixty-five Pounds and Four-pence paid in, by Order of the 3d May last, with Interest for the fame, from the 30th June last, according to what was proposed to them from the Court of Committees:

They also agreed upon the Oath to be taken, by the new Subscribers, as penned by the Court of Committees; and referred it to the said Court, to make Publication of such Part of the Preamble, in the Gazette, and on -the Exchange, and to give Directions for printing the said Preamble, as they should think fit.

At a General Court of Adventurers, bolden the 8th December, 1693.

The Governor acquainted the Generality with the Occasion of their present Meeting: Which was, That the 10th of this Instant, being the Time' limited for the prompt Payment of the 10 per Cent, to the new Subscribers, happening to fall upon a Sunday, it was thought requisite, by the Court of Committees, That the Day following being Monday, might be included: And further repre-fented unto them. That several of the Adventurers had made their Desire, that the Time for the prompt Payment of the 1 o per Cent, might by enlarged to the 20th Instant: Which the Court of Committees, in regard of the Shortness of Time allowed for the whole Subscription, were of Opinion, might be for the Company's Service; and that the Monies to be drawn back on the 50/. per Cent, with Interest, might be then also made payable: On Consideration whereof had, the General Court, una-nimously, declared their Consent thereunto; and ordered, That the Time be enlarged accordingly; and that the prompt Payment of per Cent, and 3 per Cent, do remain payable, as in the Preamble.

And it is also ordered. That, for the future, when any prompt Payments, to be appointed in this, or any other' Cafes relating to the Company's Affairs, shall, through Mistake or Inadvertency, happen to foil upon a Sunday, or upon any Days which, by publick Authority, shall be ordered for Times of Fasting or Thanksgiving, the said prompt Payment shall extend to the Days following.

At a General Court of Adventurers, holden the 20th, December 1693.

The Governor now acquainted the Generality with the Occasion of their present Meeting: Which was, That several of the Adventurers have made it their Desire, that the Time for the Allowance of the 10/. perCent. prompt Payment, which determines the 20th Instant, might be further continued unto the 31th of this Month: Which the Court of Committees, in regard of the Shortnefe of Time allowed for the whole Subscription, were of Opinion, might be for the Company's Service, and be offered

East India Company.

Bast India Company*

316

150 Junii.

A. 1698.

fered to the Generality, for their Direction therein; and payable the 30th of September, which shall be in the Year that the Monies to be drawn back on the 50 per Cent, of our Lord 1697; in case anyone of the Ships hereafter with Interest, might be then also made payable: On fe- named, now in the Service of the said Governor and nous Consideration and Debate thereof had, the General Company, and now being, or reputed to be, in the East~ Court were pleased, unanimously, to declare their Consent Inches, or on their Way thither, or from thence; viz. the thereunto; and ordered, That the Time be enlarged ac- Mary, Thomas, Armenian Merchant, London confiugly. Dorothy, Mctrtha, Amity, Mocha Frigate, Ben-

At a General Court of Adventurera, holden the ift:

r,fore the 13th of September 1097, amve in any Port of

...tKe. roller thra with lawful Interest for the fame:

Ctata of their |wefemWtog,* x^ThM

ondUoding ta*fevera.of Adren-

TV^ IT 1 S' the A?Tr"" did agree and order, That 25 t&

rf . 0 per Cent.prompt Payment, on the new bubfcnp- Ad^ntorer's Credit in the General Jo'S

tions, continued until the 10th of January next; that so T ,-. t> j* >.

all that become Adventurer, may be mile equal with "P® " Ten" m Pr0I>6*

others, on that Account; and they being of Opinion,

That it may be for the Company's Service; do offer it to foe Consideration of the General Court, That the said Time be enlarged, as is proposed: Upon Debate and Con-

mentioned.

At a Court of Committees, holden 21th Sept. 1697. This Court, re-assuming the Consideration of the present State of the Company's Affairs, now the Peace is con-

lideration thereof had, the General Court thought fit to eluded; and having, for divers weighty Reasons, relblved

order and direct, That the Allowance of 10 per Cent, be to send out Eight or more Ships, for the several Parts of

continued to the 10th Instant; and that the 50 per Cent. India, the ensuing Seaton; do judge it of ablblute Ne-

to be drawn back, be made payable at the same time. ceffity, That a Sum of Money be forthwith raised by the

rp. . Afl. . / ,cp. n__________ , - cAdventurers, for the letting out the said Ships, and car-

rying on their Trade to the full: And the beftExpedient

that'occur, to tan ie, Thu the Geocml Court be sum-didagreeina General Court, to make . Lout of 25 per mootA , M(^. , u

Cent, upon then Stock. fated to Opimon CoUrt.

24th September 1697. The Company, by reason of That every Adventurer do pay into the Company's the like Losses, did agree in a General Court, to advance Treasury 25 per Cent, on their present Stock, by the 20th 20per Cent, on their Stock, for carrying on the Trade; of November next, in milled Money, or Guineas: as appears by the following Orders; That for their Encouragement, each Person bringing

At. General Court, holden the 30th October 1695. ",t,00.ifl}*1‘ 'T th'CrP'2!' W*

The Governor acquainted the G^erality, That, upon able B"h " Iwrafte mentioned; mid so u.

Occassion of the fold Difofters befallen the Company, by PP«t»n for a greater or lesser Sum: And that such a>

the Eoemy'a Taking of their Ships, the Court if Com- the,r, "W bJ *he of °^cbZ ""‘k<ba"

mittees hi, on the 28th lotah agreed and resolved *" °" f? JJlo"ed

upon Propofols, necelfory to be mie to the General "*lf

Court, for the Canying on, and Continuance, of their ,0,h of < Half per Cent, prompt

Trade: Which Order was now read: Wherein it being set a*r?e?n . , c,

forth. That these Lodes have happened, notwithstanding . That f1® the Company a Common^e.1, bo

the utmost Endeavoure of the said Court used for their as. aforesaid to each Person who shall so advance,

Preservation; it vrasmoved, That the Generality might or brmgintheir Money, on at^before theta sothofAfo.

under and what hod been done in order thereunto: ff!<Tkn^t' P*3?1116 ,bei° % «tach Jj®

Thereupon, the several Memorials, prefonted unto the ^f.ln e ^ear o our^rd 1699 , 10 case any one of the Right Honourable the Lords Commiflitare forexecuting *h, P® hereafter named, now tn the Service of the foul

the Office of Lori High Admiral of England-, as olfo thl £°Ter ^?duCr0"'>an,' ‘ndo.n?'t£e>"?l ?k "P Company's Petition to their Excellences the Loris Juf- m *" or on tar Way thither, front

tices of England-, between the 13th of June and the 26th ^nce;v,z.the&njamm, Tmqaeen, King imam, of September;were now read; and the.Answera that had

been given to them: The Generality were fully fotished, Mmhant,^ney, m Madraf, Fn-

that the Court of Committees had done what in them lay, & e, tall, hefotp thefoid 30th Day of 1^99,

towards securing the said Ships, in their Return: arnre m miy Port oiEnghnd; with lawfal Interest for

The Governor then caused the Order of the said Court fa"e' Pa,e of the Bonds, payable half-yearly,

to be again read: which follows, in hoc verba, vis. att!rI "* *> of "J «» ?f Sh'P* albrefc>d;

iWCourt, taking into their Consideration the great Pf00 DebJten."khfS,f Gfmml Court unmn-

Losses which the Company have lately sustained, by fe- "oully, agreed That ta tud Sum 0( 25 per Cent, be ac-veral of their Ships foiling ‘"to «ho Enimys Hands, not- ""fed, upon the Terms and Conditions thereto

withstanding the utmost Endeavours of this Court used P^P0^*

for their Preservation, do judge it of absolute Necessity, ^ohon "ade, Whetiier the Mom« due

That a Sum of Money be forthwith raised by the Adven- °" the BonJds'1 t, should be

turera, for setting out the next Year's Shipping, support- Pa‘d» *5 Court declared That the same were equal ing their Credit, and carrying on their Trade; Sot doubt- w'th otheS B°nds Instant; and Interest, due

ing of the future Proteaion of the King and Government the, ieon' ftould fatufied accordingly, for their Preservation: And, as the only Expedient that The said Allowances were not apprehended to be more occurs to this Coart, do offer it as their Opinion, That than ordinary Encouragements to the Adventurers, the this General Court will agree and order; Difficulty and Dangers of the Times considered; info-

That every Adventurer do^ pay into the Company's much that it does appear, that many of the great Ad-Treasury 25 per Cent, on their present Stock, on or be- venturers, and monied Men, did not advance their Pro-, fore the 15th Day of December next; and that, for their portions.

Encouragement, they be allowed 20 per Cent, for prompt Signed, by Order of the said Committee,

Payment: Ho. Blackbome, Seer.

That Bonds, under the Company's Common-Seal, be given to each Person who shall so advance their said Resolved, That the said adjourned Debate be further.

Money on or before the said 15th of December' next, adjourned until Friday Morning next.

The

Supply Bill;

railing

Annuities*

[New E. I. Co. waxpormted.]

Committees*

Sufferers at Londonderry*

Registring

Ships.

Edatet given to fupcrfti-tious Uses.

A Member to attend.

Committees.

Duties on Low Wines*

Preventing

false Election Returns.

Supply Bill; railing Annuities. [Nsw E. I. Co. incorporated J

10W. III.

15 ° — 1(5°

3*7

The House, according to' Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to contider further of the Bill for raising a Sum, n^c exceeding 2,000,000l. by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, alter the Rate of 8 /. per , for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to theni referred, and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itlMf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Jovis, 16* die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, took into Consideration the Address relating to Londonderry:

And the same being again read;

Resolved, That the said Address be re-committed to the same Committee, who drew up the same: And that they do draw up an Address, upon the Debate of the House.

Mr. Jeffryes, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for enlarging the Time for Registring of Ships, pursuant to the Art for preventing Frauds and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the Fil'd time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill to vest the Estates given < to superltitious Uses in Greenwich Hospital, for the Maintenance of Seamen; and other charitable Uses; be read a Sedond time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Lord Cornburydo attend in his Place upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others chargeable with the Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits....

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for making more effectual an Art, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and allb to prevent Double Returns.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding 2,000,0001, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Annum for. every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee, Yo t. XII.

That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had Notice, That there was a Message from the Lords to the House, for a Conference; and therefore, the Committee had directed him to move,

That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, immediately after the Conference, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Conference Robert Legat'd; with Lord*.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Resolved, That the House do agree to a present Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Committee who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir RowlandGwyn reported the Conference: That the fame was managed by the Earl of Rochester: Who laid,

That the Lords have desired this Conference with the House of Commons, in order to continue that good Correspondence, which they will always endeavour to preserve between the Two Houses; and, having given Instances of their Compliance upon several Occasions, the Sincerity of their Intentions, towards that End, cannot be doubted: But if, at this Time they cannot consent to what the Commons desire, they hope, that even their disagreeing in this Point may tend to a better Correspondence for the future; their Lordships conceiving, That, in all Proceedings between the Two Houses, those Methods that have been constantly practised aretheleaft liable to Objcrtions; and that the consenting to any One Innovation, in such Cases, may occasion further Dil'putes: And whereas the Commons have instanced, That in the Tryals of the Earl of Strafford, and the Lord Viscount Strafford, they had a convenient Placeappointed for their Managers, their Lordships muftobserve. That both those Tryals were for High Treason, and in Westminster'-HaU.: But, upon all Tryals for Misdemeanors, which have been constantly at the Bar of their Lordships House, there is not one Precedent in their Books, that the House of Commons have ever, till this Time, asked what they have desired upon this Occasion; and therefore, their Lordships do itifift on their Resolution, signified to the House of Commons, by a Message delivered to them on the Ninth Instant, in w'hich they did acquaint them. That their Lordships, having looked into Precedents, do find, That, at Tryals upon Impeachments at the Bar of the House of Lords, the Committee of the House of Commons, appointed to manage the Evidence, have always come to the Bar of the House, w ithout any other Provision for them; and their Lordships intend to proceed in the same manner, as hath been usual at all Tryals within their House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, take the said Report into Consideration.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself Supply Bill; again into a Committee of the whole House, to con- rating , fider further of the Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding 2,000,000l. by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of'incorporated ! certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8/. for

every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Tho. LAttleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several additional Duties upon Salt; and allb, the Bill for raising a Sum, not 4 M exceeding

A. 1698.

16° — 170 Jun'ti.

exceeding 2,000,000l. by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8 /. Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament; and made several Amendments thereunto; and had consolidated both Bills; and had directed him to report the fame, when the House will please to receive the said Report.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 17* die Junii; Decimo Gulielmi.

Prayers.

A boh thing Tk IW R. Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom

Snioke-liKer, -kVA the for taking away the Payments of Smoke-&cc. ' silver, Peter-pence, or Common-Fine, payable at the Sheriffs-Turn, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an' Amendment, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

ingrafted.

Preventing false Election Returns.

The House taking Notice, That the Bill for making more effectual an Act, made in the 23d Year of the Reign of King Henry the Sixth, for remedying false and undue Returns of Members of Parliament; and also to prevent Double Returns; is missing; and that Bills and Papers are frequently taken from off the Clerk's Table, and carried into the Speaker's Chamber, and other Places, during the Sitting of the House;

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to examine how the said Bill is come to be missing; and which way the like may be prevented for the future:

And it is referred to Mr. Mr. Sir

Bichard Onslow, Mr. BrolhcrtonSir Wm. Mr. Jeffryes, Sir Joseph Tyly, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Farrer, Mr. Price, Sir Samuel Mr.

Mountsteoens, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Manley, Sir Henry Colt, Sir fVm. Cooper, Sir Cha. Windham, Mr Sir Lowtlier, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Yates, Sir John Mr.

Mawditt, Mr. Fortescue; or any Five of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ditto. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing false and double Returns: And that Sir Henry Colt do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Privilege — Ordered, That the Report from the Committee ap-unconfUtu- pointed to examine into a printed Pamphlet, intituled, lication.Ub* " The same of Ireland's being bound by Acts of Parliament in England dated," be made upon Monday Morning next.

Estates given A Bill to veil the Estates given to superstitious Uses to superfti- jn Greenwich Hospital, for the Maintenance of Seamen: tious thes* an(j other charitable Uses; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be rejected;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for J 7,

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Earl of Ranelaghacquainted the House, That his Answer to Majesty having been attended with their Address, That Addrefc. he will be pleased to give Order, That a List be laid before this House, of the Army disbanded, and intended to be disbanded; and of the Officers Names, who are to have Half-Pay; his Majesty was pleased to answer, That he will comply with the Desires of this House, as soon as conveniently he can.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Wire-draw-the settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver w» Trade, and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wire-drawers; is committed; have Leave to fit Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Walrond* Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Hum- Estate. phrey Walrond Gentleman to fell Part of his Estate, for the making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter, who are Lunatics; and Payment of his Debts; and railing Portions for his other Children; have Leave to lit Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for enlarging the Time for Registring of Ships, RCgiftri pursuant to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Ships. Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, in order to enlarge the Time beyond Six Months:

And it is referred to Mr. Jeffryes, Sir John Mr. Colt, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Staynes, Mr. Mr.

Eyres, Mr. Perry, Mr. Thompson, Sir Massam, Mr.

Oslwme, Mr. Vice-Chancellor, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Mr. Culliford, Mr. Pocklington, Mr. Fleming, Mr

Mr. Mountague, Mr. Moor, Mr. Manly, Mr. Fuller, Mr.

Mawditt, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Harrison; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act leakin'* to enable John Jenkin Merchant to fell Part of his EAato. Estate, for Payment of his Debts, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ShaftAury' for erecting Workhouses, and Houses of Correction, in Worsttoufe*‘ the Town of Shaftsbury;and for the better Employment

and Maintenance of the Poor there; without any Amendment Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Exporting for the exporting Watches, Sword-hilts, and other Ma- Watches, nufactures of Silver, without any Amendment

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Accommo-Report of the Conference Yesterday with the Lords: House at In£

Resolved, That this House doth insist upon their having peachmenu-a convenient Place appointed for the Managers of the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others; whereby they may be the better enabled to make good their Charge against them.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do go to the Lords, and desire the said free Conference.

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to manage the last Conference do meet this Afternoon, and prepare them-selves for the said free Conference: And that Sir Chr.Muf-graoe, Mr. Harcourt, Lord Conningsby, Sir Joseph Jekill,

Mr. Methwen, Sir Rob. Rich, be added to the said Committee.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported, from the Committee of SuPP'7 J the whole House, to whom the Bills for granting to his

61 Majesty, [New e. i. o.

incorporated.]

Enrt India

Company.

Customs

Regulation.

Preventing selfe Election Returns.

Lords desire a Conference.

Relief of Creditors.

Wire-drawers Trade.

Answer to Addreb.

i o W. III. i 7* — 18* Junii. 519

Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several additional Du* ties upon Salt; and for raising a Sum, not exceeding 2,000,000l. by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8/. for

every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament; were committed; the Amendments made by the Committee thereunto; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the adjourned Debate upon the Motion, made the Fourteenth Inltant, touching the East India Company, be further adjourned until Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the establishing further Rules, Orders, and Directions, for the regulating and better managing his Majesty's Customs, be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Sabbati, 18° die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tq.

Pea ye as.

SIR Henry Colt, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more effectual preventing false and double Returns: And the feme was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskyns and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, in the painted Chamber, on Monday next, at One a Clock, upon the Subject-matter of their Clauses added to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, granted by the Lord Bishop of Winchester, of a Parcel of waste Ground in A her stock, in the County of Southampton, for the Frefting of Water-works there; and for improving the feme. Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled,....

to repeal an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Compositions with their Debtors, in case Two thirds in Number and Value do agree, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House do agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And then the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Mr. Heveningham reported from the Committee, to

whom, the Bill for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk; and for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of the Wire-drawers; was committed; That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been attended with their Addrefe, That he would please to bellow feme Preferment in the Church Vox. XII.

upon Dr. Hallifar, Chaplain to this House; and that his Majesty was pleased to say, He will provide for him as soon as he can.

Ordered, That Mr. Manley, Mr. Yates, Colonel King, Ceeill's Sir Fr.Massam, Mr. Mawdit, Sir Marm. fVyvell, Sir Estate*

Tho. Day, Mr. Hatrison, Mr. Jennings, Mr. Thompson,

Sir JVm. St. Quintin, Mr. Speake, Sir fVm. Forrester, Mr.

Norris, Mr. Blaj'eild, Mr. Fuller, Mr. , Mr.

Frewen, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, and elsewhere, in the Coun-t ty of Kent, in Trullees, for the Benefit of Diana Cfrill, and her Heirs....

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That; ship the Ships Panther, and St. Andrew now called the Glocester. Gloucester. Frigate, taken as Prizes, mav have a Freedom of trading as English Ships: And that Sir Tho. Littleton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Jeffreys reported from the Committee, to whom Registring the Bill for enlarging the Time' for Registring of Ships, pursuant to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Planiution-Trade, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he-read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be , ingrossed.

A Bill for the reviving and continuing several Acts of Preservatio* Parliament expired, and near expiring, for the Preserva- Nava* tion of his Majesty's Naval Stores, and preventing Dif- tore*' turbances of Seamen, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fairer,

Mr. Lowther, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Smith, Mr. Thorn-haugh, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Yates, Sir JVm. Cooper,

Mr. Mawditt, Mr. Fuller, Sir Jos. Jekill, Mr. Fleming,

Sir Samuel Grimston, Mr. Balduyn, Mr. Austin, Mr. Cul-

lif ord, Mr. Perry, Sir JVm. Seamen, Sir John Co-

lonel King, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Machell, Sir Tho. Hussey,

Mr. Manly, Sir John Bolls; and all the Members of titc House that serve for the Fleet, or for Sea-port Towns;

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Supply Bills; Leave be given to bring in a Clause, upon the Report of railing the Bills for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several additional Duties upon Salt; and for raising a incorporated Sum, not exceeding 2,000,000l. by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8/. per Annum for every 100l. and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament; to impower the Commissioners of the Treasury, if they think fit, to allow the Tellers of the Exchequer to take Bank- Bills in Payments, until the end of the next Session of Parliament;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Connin \

1 etiers for the Y eas, (gir Hmry . j 10°-

Tellers for the Noes Tredenham,

1 ellers for the N oes, ^Mr Brereion. / ?5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Provision be made in the said Clause,

That no Bills shall be taken at a Discount

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That, in the same Clause, Care be taken to enforce the Payment of such Bank- Bills, in case, on Demand, they be not paid:

Th.

Walrond's

Estate

320 i8B — 20* Junii. A. 1698.

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^' Pe} 59~

Tellers for } .07.

So it passed in the Negative.

The House proceeded, according to Order, to take into Confederation the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bills for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several additional Duties upon Salt; and for raising a Sum not exceeding 2,000,000l. by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8/. Annum for every 100l. and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament; were committed:

And the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the said Bills, were once read throughout; and then several of them a Second time, one by one; and several of them, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House:

Amendment, Fol. L. *, being read a Second time; the same being for the Drawback of 1#. 8 per Bushel on Rock Salt;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Noes,

fMr. Onslmo, \Mr. Tracers: Mr. Norris, Mir.:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Drawback be 2 e,d. per BuQiel;

It was resolved in the Affirmative.

Several other of the Amendments to the Bill being severally read a Second time; feme of them were agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Nine a Clock.

Lurue, 20* die Jumi;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

MR. Burrington, reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Humphrey Walrond Gentleman to fell Part of his Estate, for the making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elixabcth his Daughter, who are Lunaticks; and Payment of his Debts; and railing Portions for his younger Children; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame; and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Skin 2. L. 17, after " Issue," insert " then to the " Heirs Male of the Body of the said , lawfully

" to be begotten; and, for Delault of such Issue."

Sk. 5. L. 5. after " Charity," insert " and Elizabeth and leave out the Word " Daughter," and insert, instead thereof, " Daughters."

L. 14. after " Charity," insert and Elizabeth," and leave out " Daughter," and, instead thereof, insert Daughters."

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the' Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to repeal an Act, made the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for Relief of Creditors, by making Composition with their Debtors, in case Two-thirds in Number and Value do agree:

And the fame, bang twice read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Ordered, That Mr. Farmer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Bill for the more effectual preventing false and doable Returns was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause, for the Sheriff to adjourn the Poll, for the more easy Election of Knights of the Shire.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had re-. ceived a Letter from the Lord Cornbury, That he was ill, and could not attend the House at present; but hoped he might be able in a Week.

Ordered, That the Lord Cornbury do attend in his Place upon this Day Sevennight

An ingrafted Bill for taking away the Payments of Smoke-hiver, Peter-pence, or Common-fine, payable at the Sheriff-Turn, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act to take away the Payments of Smoke-silver, Peter-pence, and Common-line, at the Sheriff-Turn.

Ordered, That Mr. Francis Godolphin do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; in order to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glass-makers and Tobacco-pipe-makers were referred.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Court of Requests, and summon the Members of the House there, to attend the Service of the House.

And he went.

And, being returned with the Mace;

An ingrafted Bill for the settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk j and for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent thd Abuses of the Wire-drawers; was read the Third time.

And an ingrafted Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the said Act shall continue for Three Years, and from thence to the End of the next Session of Parliament, and no longer.

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were proposed to be made to the Bill, by leaving out " June," and inferring " July," instead thereof, in several Places:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers.

Ordered, That Mr. Heveningham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir

Relief of Creditors.

Preventing false Eleliioa Returns.

A Member

excused hi* non attendance.

Abolishing Payments of* Smoke-hiver; Sc c.

Ways and . Means.

Members

summoned*

Wire-drawers Trade.

Ship

Gloucester.

Cecil!'*

EltaU.

Registering

Ships.

Impeachment of Goudett, &c.

Conference with Lords not desired.

Driborough'ft Share of Prize.

Duties on Low Wines.

Privilege — Inconftitu-tional Publication.

Bishop of Wine heller's Leafing.

i o W. III. 20° Junii. 3 21

Sir Thomas Littleton, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill, That the Ships Panther, and St. Andrew, now called the Gloucester Frigate taken as Prizes, may have a Freedom of trading as English Ships: And the same was received:

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, and elsewhere, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, for the Benefit of Diana Cecill, and her Heirs, is committed, have I.eave

to fit Tomorrow Morning: And that Mr. Norris be added to the said Committee.

An ingrossed Bill, for enlarging the Time for Registring of Ships, pursuant to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for enlarging the Time for Registering of Ships, pursuant to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade.

Ordered, That Mr. Jejfryes do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will be present at the Tryal of John Goudett, and others, upon the Impeachments against them, as a Committee of the whole House; in regard the Matter is of great Consequence to the Trade of the Kingdom.

Sir Rowland Gwyn acquainted the House, That he had not, as yet,' desired a free Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; by reason the Lords did, upon Friday lait, adjourn till this Day.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Desborough was referred, be made upon fVednesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prevent Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others chargeable with the Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits.

Mr. Bofcawen, according to Order, reported, from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into the printed Pamphlet, intituled, " the same of s

" being bound by Acts of Parliament in England stated," the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; winch he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House, until Wednesday Morning next: And that the same be then read.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a free Conference, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference, they do agree thereunto, Tomorrow at One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolls, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Boyle, Lord Pawlett, Mr. Norris, Mr. Mr. Foley, Mr.

Farrcr, Mr. Price, Mr. Cooper; and the Committee, to

whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, granted by the Lord Bishop of Winchester, of a Parcel of waste Ground in in the County of Southampton, for the Frefting of Waterworks there, and improving the same, was committed ;-do manage the said Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Clauses added to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, granted by the Lord Vo l. XII.

Bishop of Winchester, of a Parcel of w afte Ground in Alverstock, in the County of Southampton, for the Erecting of Water-works there, and improving the same.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir John Bolls reported the Conference: And that the Earl of Rochester managed the same: Who acquainted them, That the Lords disagree to the adding the Clause A, to the Bishop of Winchesters Bill, for the Realbns following;

Though the present Bishop of Winchester, in Consideration of the Expence -in raising the Water-work; and that there may be no Delay in raising it,- for the Service of the Navy, and those Towns which want ffelh Water; was content to take a very finall Fine; yet, since the Water-work may produce a considerable yearly Revenue, to him to whom it is, by Lease, granted, the restraining of the Fine may be very injurious to his Successors in that See.

And that the Lords disagree to the Clause B, for the Reason following-; -

The Bishop of-Winchester makes great Condescensions

in this Bill, for the Good of the Publick: Therefore it is not reasonable, That any of his, or- his Successors, Right should be taken away.- -

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into'Consider -ation upon Thurslay Morning next, in a full' House.

The House resumed the Consideration of the Report Supply Bill*; from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the railinS.

Bills for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Succef- [newTTco. fors, several additional Duties upon Salt j and for railing incorporated.] a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 81. per Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament; were committed: , >,

And there being a Proposal presented to the House, from the East India Company j the same was read; and is as fojloweth;

At a General Court of Adventurers in the General E-1- Compa-joint Stock to the East Indies, holden the 20th of ny'sProPofal-June 1698.

This Court having, on the 10th Instant, unanimously agreed upon a Proposal for the Advancing of a Sum of Money, for the Service of the Government, according to the Terms and Conditions therein mentioned; and being further desirous to give the Honourable House of Commons all possible Satisfaction, that the railing the Sum of Money, mentioned in the said Proposal,- may be made certain; do resolve and agree to advance and pay 200,000l. in such manner as by the Act shall be directed, as- the First Payment, subject to make good thedubsequent Payment:

And the Persons- whole Names are hereunto subscribed do, in behalf of the said Company, undertake to make good the said First Payment of 200,000 /. according, to the Sums by them respectively and severally subscribed r

£ 4*

John Fleet - - - 2,000

Tho. Frederick - - - - 2,000

Joseph Herne - - - - 5,000

W'illiam Gore - - - - 1,000

William Hewett - - - - 4,000

John Johnson - - - - 1,000

John Moore - - - 5,000 — —

Win. Sedgwick - - - - 2,000

Tho. Cooke - - - 2,000

Richard Hoare - - - - 4,000

* - - - 3,000

Alvaw. Da Costa - - - - 3,000

Peter Hcnrique junior - - - 3,000

Bazill Firebrace - - - - 3,000 -

Henry Kelsey - - - - 2,000

Richard Cocke - - - - 2,000

John Rudge - - - - 2,000 — —

Ri. Aston - - - - 4,000

4 N Arthur

52*

E. I. Comps* y Proposal.

Arthur Moore «

Tho. Lake *

James Craggs -

Wm. John Ion ... Jonathan Andrews *

William Hammond Edmund Clerks

John Waller >r James Dufay

Lyming Pagitt -

Tho. Browne . - -

Wm. MiUman r

Peter Floyer - -

Samuel Shephard -

John Genew -

James Buih *

Deodatus Staverton -

Edward Anthony -

Ed, Portmans -

John Bifcoe -Wm. Fitzhugh

Andrew Coleman -

George Mathews i

Edmund Dethick -

Henry Wheatley

Edmund Doughty -

William Aubrey - -

James Fever -

Tho. Harris - -

Tho. Temple -

John *

Samuel Lethieullier

Tho. James -

Edward Waddjngton

Geo. Woodford, for Mrs. Eliz.

Geo. Woodford, for Mrs. Anne

Samuel Dashwood -

Robert Stevens - -

Ja. Walker ..

Caleb Coatsworth -

Ben. Poole -

Heneage Fetherllon

Moies Francia r - -

John English -

John Smith - -

Samuel Rpycroft -

Stephen Cooke -

Tho. Dyofe - i

James Gray - -> - -

Abra. Lethieullier

Tho. Carbouroell -

pulke Hanes -

Wm. Gardner

John Middleton . peter Hudson «-

Jacob Pullen -

John Du Bois ... Al. Wilmer ..... Owen Phillips -

Samuel Du Bois ... Tho. Pindar -

Benj. Tudman.

Arthur Gandy -

Benj. Tudman, more

Geo. Palke -

Edward Tendon.

Ralph Marshall -

Richard Dickson -

David Cook - -

Samuel Queffenbrough

Rob. Marshall -

Anto. Pones - -

Phineas Gomes -

Tho. Wych -

Christopher Boone -

Wm. Coatsworth -

20® Junii.

A. 1698,

£ a.

3.000 — —

500 ——

1.000 — - —

1.000 — —

1.000 — f —

2.000 —

2,000 ——

500 — — 1,000 500 — < — 2,000 — 2,000 — —

3.000 —

1.500 -r —

1.500 — — 500 — — 500 — — -

1.000 ——

200 -T- — 200 *»'

500 — — 500 — —

500 ——

500 —

1,000 -----»-

500 -r- ---

50a ——

50Q ——

500 ——

500 ——

1,000 ——

2.000 ——

200 ——

500 ——

150 ——

150 ——

3.000 ——

2.000 -

1,000 ——

1.500 ——

1.000 — —

1.000 -

1,000 — —

500 ——

2,000 -

1,000 ——

1.000 -

500 ——

1.000 -

500 ——

1,000 ——

500 ——

1.000 — — 500 — —

1.000 — r — -

300 — —

1.000 ——

500 — —

500 ——

500 ——

500 — -

500 ——

50a ——

500 ——

1.000 ——

1.000 — —

1.000 ——

1,000 -

1.000 -

500 ——

1.000 — —

1,0Q0 ——

500 ——

300 ——

50a — —

1.000 — —

Stephen Clarke - *

John Elwick -

John Cooke

Isaac Houblon -

David -

Isaac - -

George Woodford -

Robert Makmoran -

Jacob Adolf -

Hope, for Bendall -

Tho. Collens -

Gibb. Bagnall -

Rob. Blackbome

Tho. Builer -

John Forbes - , -

Phillip Helbut -

Phillip Helbut, for Benjamin Isaacs -

Polock - -

Wm. Sedgwick junior -Richard Barrett -

John Du Bois, for Mr. Charles Du Bois

Wm. Murray -

Manuel Lopes Perera -Wm. Safliioo -

Jonathan Boulter -Henry Clarke -

John Mendes Da Costa -Samuel Ongley -

Wm. Heath -Peter et Pedno Hen. *

John Chardin -

Daniel Rawlinson ... Henry Sykes -

George - -

Ch. Olmieres -

Jacob T Mattos Tho. Parrott.

Tho. Dalton - -

John Cradock -

Lancelot Lees ..... Gabriel Glover, for Richard Edmondfoo Fran. Child -

Edward Hajftwell ..... Samuel Kckewich -

Fran. Eyles - -

John Eyles ----- Simon and Alphonso Rodriges -

Moles Demedina - -

Philip Makeing - -

Samuel Dashwood, for Brother Fran.-!

Dashwood -/

Isaac Houhlen, for Houblen -William Raphe - -

James Chafe - -

Gabriel Glover, for Self and Company Joseph Bragg -

Peter van Sittart -

Tho. Powell -

Edward Gould ..... Wm. Des Bouverie -John Merry -

Samuel Woodcock -

Tho. Williams -

Richard Moye -

jC* d

1,000 -

250 ——

500 ——

2,dOO ----- -i

50rf ——

5oo ——

300 ——

1.000 — —

500 ——

500 ——

1.000 -

1Q0 —

1.000 -

500 ——

500 ——

250 ——

250 — — 200 — — 500 — — 300 — —

1.000 — . —

- 1,000 — —

400 ——

- 500 ——

100 ——

500 ——

- 1,000 -

- 500 ——

- 1,000 — —

- 1,500 ——

- 1,000 -

- 500 ——

- 500 -

- 100 — —

- 1,000 ——

- 1,000 — —

- 2,000 ——

500 — —

600 ——

500 ——

200 ——

500 ——

3.000 ——

1.000 -

1.000 -

2.000 ——

2,000 -

1.000 -

1.000 -

5QQ ——

2,000 ——

2,000 — —

500 ——

1,000 ——

1.000 -

2.000 — — 2,000 — —

3.000 ——

500 — —

1.000 — —

1.000 — — 500 — —

1.000 — - —

1.000 — ~ —

Also, a Proposal of the new Subscribers being presented to the House, the same was likewise read; and is as followeth;

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament alferobled.

To manifest to this Honourable House, That the Two Millions, intended to be raised by the Bill for settling the East India Trade, will be effectually advanced and paid, pursuant to the said Bill; the Subscribers, having already underwritten the Sum of Thirteen hundred and Fifty

thousand

New Subscribers.

Walmnd'*

Mate.

Preventing false Election Returns.

Ship

Gloucester.

to W. III. 26* — 2i* 323

thousand Pounds, do humbly desire they may have a Preference for their several Sums, so subscribed by them; and be obliged, by the Bill, as this Honourable House shall think fit, to make good the lame; the Generality of them having importuned us, the Subscribers hereto, to alk it, as a Favour, from this Honourable House.

London, the 20th June 1698.

Samuel Shepheard,

Tho. Vernon,

Theod. Janssen, Josias Wadsw

William Heathcote, Joseph Martin,

Wm. Steuart,

Fran. Annesley,

John Heathcote, John Adams,

Robert Walker, Eduard Broughton,

Henry Fwrncce, Gilbert Heathcote, James Bateman, StreynshamMaster, Tho. Dadd,

Samuel Winder,

Pr. Albert,

John Cary,

Peter Paggen,

John Watson, Edward A

Abr. Beake.

Resolved, That this House will now proceed in the further Consideration of the said Report.

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8 per Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament, were read a Second time; and some of them agreed, and others disagreed, unto by the House, upon the Question severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 21* die Junii; Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to insert in the Bill the Ships Invincible, now called the Scarborough, and the Diligence, now called the Antilope; upon Proof, that they were taken as Prizes, and condemned by the Admiralty; and bought

A Petition of George Shuttleworth Merchant was pre- vidualliaj tented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Debt. Petitioner was trading in Newfoundland when Monsieur Ponti came to anchor there, and when Captain Norris, Commander in Chief of the English Ships, was likewise there; and the Petitioner being informed, That his Majesty's Forces there were in great Want of Victuals, and, if he could supply them, he should be paid the Price of the Country for them, he readily furaithed them therewith, and is not paid to this Day; and is informed, when paid, a considerable Abatement will be made: And praying his same may be taken into Consideration, that he may be no Loser by fervinghis Majesty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Desborough was referred.

Mr. Neale reported from the Committee, to whom the Cecil's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Iftate. veiling certain Lands and Hereditaments in Maidstone, and elsewhere, in the County of , in Trustees, for the Benefit of Diana Cecil, and her Heirs, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

'The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Neale do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Humphrey W Gentleman to fell Part of his Estate, for the making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter, who are Lunaticks; and Payment of his Debts; and raising Portions for his other Children; was read the Third time.

Refohxd, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, ThatMr. Burlington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the more effectual preventing false and

double Returns,.....have Power to receive a Clause, to

enlarge the Time for delivering the Precepts to the Cinque-Ports, for making their Elections of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Bill, That the Ships Panther, and St. Andrew, now called the Gloucester Frigat, taken as Prizes, may have a Freedom of trading as English Ships, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Re faked. That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Littleton, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr. Cull ford. Sir Fran. Massam,

Sir Jof. Tyly, Mr. Burlington, Mr. Aprice, M r. Pen-darvis, Mr. Yates, Sir Marm. WyveU, Mr. Colt, Sir Tho. Day, Sir Fran. IVindham, Sir Mr. Low-

ther, Mr. Mounstecens, Mr. Manly, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Henry Hobart, Sir Ch. Carteret, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Clobery, Mr. Neale, Mr. Fuller, Sir Tho. Roberts, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Farrer, Mr. Evelyn, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Morgan, Sir Henry Colt; and all that are of the House, that are Merchants, and that serve for Sea-port Towns: Vol. XII.

A Petition of several Merchants, and considerable Customs Traders, of this Kingdom, was prefen ted to the House, ®t8ulatioa* and read; felting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this Honourable House, for establishing further Rules.

Orders, and Directions, for the regulating and better managing his Majesty's Customs; which, the Petitioners conceive, will be destructive to the Trade and Navigation of this Kingdom: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill doth pais.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Ways a Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; in order to consider of the Kepbrt from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glass-makers and Pipe-makers were referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had made some Progress in the Mattel* to them referred j and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Rejoked, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, refotoe itfeH' into a Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty; in order to consider further of the said Report.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Preventing Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill false Elec-for the more effectual preventing false and double Re- Uon ReturnSi turns.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir

324

sti0- — 22 Junii.

Copper

Coinage*

Supply Bill'; Tonage and Poundage*

Mafcall'e

Debts*

Reneu's, &c. Nat-

Conference with Lords.

Committees.

Sir Henry Colt took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook, and Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to flop the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence, for One Year, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for

?‘anting to his Majesty a further Subsidy of Tonageand oundage, towards raising the yearly Sum of 700,000 /. for the Service of his Majesty's Houshold, and other Uses therein mentioned, during his Majesty's Life, without any Amendment:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting a Copperas-work, late Part of the Estate of Robert Alascall Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold,

for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

And also, have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Hilary Reneu, and others, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Then the Managers appointed went to the free Conference with the Lords.

And, being returned;

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, That the Managers had

attended the free Conference; and that the same having been long, it would take some time for them to recollect the Matter, so as to rejiort the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Managers do draw up a Report of the said free Conference; and make the same with what convenient Speed they can.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Supply Bills; Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report railing An- from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the [New*, j. Co. Bills for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Succef-incorpurated.] fors, several additional Duties upon Salt; and for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the

Rate of 8/.....for every 100l. and by further Ad-

vntages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament; were committed; be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Mercurii, 22® die Jumi; Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Petition of Thomas Tac, of in the Privilege —

County of Surrey, Ironmonger, and Anne his Wife, was Complaint prefenied to the House:

And the same relating to Sir William Williams, a Member of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Saturday Morning next: And that Sir Williams do then attend in his Place; and the Petition be then read.

A Petition of the Masters and Owners of several Glass* Duty o« houses in and about London was presented to the House, Clais. and read; setting forth, That they are informed the Duty upon Glalsis likely to be taken off, which will be prejudicial to them, they having already [mid, or secured, the Duty payable, for their Stock in Hand: And praying, if the said Duty be taken oft', they may be repaid, or allowed, for what G lass they have by them unfold.

Rcjblvcd, That the Petition be rejected.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Rcneu's, Ac. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Isa'.

An Act for naturalizing Hillary Reneu, and others:

And the same being twice read, were, upon the Question ftvcrally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; anda re as follow;

1 Pr. L. 1. Leave out all the Bill to " ," in

the last Line of the Fill! Pr. and read ‘‘ humbly beseech your most Excellent Majesty, the Lords Spiritual " and rI empcral, and Commons, in this present Parliament assembled."

2 Pr. L. 8, leave out... " France," to " Peter," in the 13 th L.

L. 24. after " Paris." leave out " out of your Majesty's Allegiance," and insert " being all Persons " born out of your Majesty's Allegiance; but professing " the true Protestant Religion; and having given good " Testimony of their humble, dutiful, and loyal, Affections " to your Majesty, and the Good of the Kingdom of " England', That it may be Enacted, and be it Enacted,

" by the King's most Excellent Majesty, by and with " the Advice and Consent of the Lords Spiritual and " Temporal, and the Commons, in this present Parliament " assembled, and by the Authority of the same, That " the said Hillary Reneu, Margaret Reneu, Peter,

‘ ‘ Mary Lasseur, Peter Lauze, Peter LJohn A maud,

" James Dargent, John Nissole, and Isaac ,"

L. 39, leave out " Hillary Lasseu

3 Pr. 26 and 27 L. leave out " H Lasseur, Mary " Dutry."

L. 41, leave out from " notwithstanding," to the End of the Bill.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwynndo carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Payment of Malt« Tickets*

Ship

Gloucester.

Prayers.

/Y RDERED, That Mr. Sir Fran.

Massam, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Staynes, Colonel King,

Mr. Apreece, Sir Alarm. Wyvell, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Fuller, Mr. Baldwyn, be added to the Committee appointed to inquire into the Reasons, w by the Malt-Tickets are no better paid.

Mr. Culliford reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill, That the Ship Panther, and St. Andrew, now called the Gloucester Frigat, taken as Prizes, may have a Freedom of trading as English Ships, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Privilege — into Consideration the Report from the Committee appointed to examine into the printed Pamphlet, intituled, pubDcationThe same of Ireland's being bound by Acts of Parliament in Englandftated :"

And the Report was read; and is as followed);

That the Committee, having examined into the printed Pamphlet, intituled, " The same of Ireland's being bound " by Acts of Parliament in England stated," do find le-veral Passages in the said Pamphlet, which tend to the dilowning and denying the Authority of the Parliament ot England over Ireland', which said Paflhges, the Committee are directed to report to this House; and are as followed]; viz.

Page 4. "The Subject of our present Disquisition shall " be, How far the Parliament of England may think it " reasonable to intermeddle with the A flairs of Ireland',

" and bind us up by Laws made in their House:"

14 " And,

10 W.III. 22°.

" And seeing the Right, which England may pretend " to, for binding us by their Acts of Parliament, can be " founded only on the imaginary Title of Conquest, of " Purchase, or on Precedents, and Matters of Record; " wc shall inquire into the following Particulars."

12. " Conquest is an Acquisition of a Kingdom by " force of Arms, to which Force likewise has been ofposed."

13. "But still, their ealy and voluntary Submissions " exempts them from the Consequents of an hostile Conquest."

14. "I believe the People of England would take it " very ill to be thought a conquered Nation, in the Sense " that feme impose it on Irelan; and yet, we find the " same Reason in one Cafe, as in the other, if the Argument from the King's Stile of Conquestor prevail;

" nay, England may be said much more properly to be " conquered by William the First, than Ireland by Henry " the Second."

20. " If I, or any body else, claim the like Freedoms " with the natural-born Subjects of , as being

" delcended from them, it will be impoffihle to prove " the contrary."

38. " From all which it is manifest, That there were " no Laws imposed on the People of Ireland, by any Authority of the Parliament of; nor any Laws

" introduced into that Kingdom by Henry the Second,

" but by the Consent and Allowance of the People of " Ireland

54. " By what foregoes. I presume it plainly appears,

" That, by Three several Establishments, under the first " Three Kings of Ireland of the Norman Race, the Laws " and Liberties of the People of England were granted " to the People of Ireland; and that neither of these " Three Kings established those Laws in Ireland, by any " Power of the Parliament of England; but by the free " Consent, Allowance, and Acceptance, of the People.

of Ireland."

55. " And firom the Days of these Three Kings; viz.

" Henry the Second, King John, and Henry 3 have " England and Ireland been both governed by the like 4‘ Forms of Government, under one and the same Supreme Head, the Kings of; yet lb as both

Kingdoms remained separate and distinct, in their " several Jurisdictions, under that One Head; as are the * Kingdoms of England and Scotland at this Day; without any Subordination of the one to the other."

67, 68. " In Conclusion of all, if this Superiority of " the Parliament of England have been doubted a great " while ago, lb it has (c) [been] a great while ago " strenuoully opposed, and absolutely denied, by the " Parliaments of Ireland: And, by the way, I shall take " Notice, that from whenceibever this ancient Pretence,

" of Ireland's Subordination, proceeded in those Days, ‘ " it did not arise from the Parliament of England itself;

" for we have not one Angle Instance of an English Act " of Parliament expressy claiming this Right of binding " us; but we have several Instances, of Irish Acts of " Parliament expressy denying this Subordination, as appears by what foregoes."

77. " And thus, 1 presume, we have pretty clearly " made out 4th Inquiry fore-mentioned; and shewn " plainly the several Steps by which the English Form " of Government, and the English Statute-Laws, were1 " received in tfiis Kingdom; and that this was wholly " by the People's Consent in Parliament; to which we * have had h very ancient Right, and' as full a Right as 5* our next-Neighbours can pretend to, or challenge."

84. " And. truly, I fee no more Reason for binding " Ireland by the English Laws, under the general Words " of all his Majesty's Dominions, or Subjects, than there " is for binding Scotland by the fame; for Scotland is as " much his Dominion, and Scotjinen as much his Sub- jests, as Ireland, and Irishmen: Jf it belaid, That Scotland is an ancient, separate, and distinct Kingdom from " England', I lay, So is Ireland: The Difference is

(a) Supplied from the original Report,

Vol. XII.

Junii. 325

" continued separate from the Kings of till of Privilege —

" late Years; and Ireland contihued separate from -"nC0"®K"" " land, but a very little while, in the Person of King c'^n." '* " John, before the Death of his Father, and of his Brother Richard the First, without Issue."

93. " For, within the Land of Ireland, they are all " positive, That the Authority of the Parliament of " England will not affect us: The Question is, Whether England and Ireland be Two distinQ: Kingdoms

" and, Whether they have each their respective Parliaments ? Neither of which will be denied by any Man

" and, if so, there can be no Subordination on either Side;

" each is complete in its own Jurisdiction, and ought not " to interfere with the other in any thing."

" If it be concluded, That the Parliament of England " may bind Ireland; It must also be allowed* That the " People of Ireland ought to have their Representatives " in the Parliament in England."

99, 100. " In the 17th Year of King Charles the First,

" which was in the Year 1642, there were Three or Four " Acts of Parliament mqde in England, for encouraging " Adventurers, to raise Money for the speedy Suppression Suppression of the horrid Rebellion, which broke out in " land the 23d of October 1641: The'I itles of these " Acts we have in Poultons Collection of Statutes; but

" with this Remark, That they are made of no Force " by the Acts of Settlement and Explanation, passed in " King Charles the Second's Time, in the Kingdom of " Ireland: So that, in these, we are so far from finding " Precedents for England's Parliament binding Ireland " that they plainly thew, That the Parliament of Ireland " may repeal an Act passed in England, in relation to the " Affairs of Ireland; for 'tis very well known, that Persons who were to have Interests and Titles in Ireland, by " virtue of those Acts passed in England, are cut off by " the Acts of Settlement and Explanation: And, indeed,

" there is all the Reason in the World that it should be " so; and that Acts made in a Kingdom, by the legal " Representatives of the People, should take place of " those made in another Kingdom."

104. " This I am lure of, That, before these Acts id " King Charles the Second's Time, the eldest of which " is not over Thirty-seven Years, there is not One positive full Precedent to be met with, in all the Statute*

" Book, of an English Act binding the Kingdom of " Ireland; and, on this Account, we may venture to

" assert, That these are, at least, Innovations on us, as " not being warranted by any former Precedents."

105. " And shall Proceedings, only of Thirty-seven " Years standing, be urged against a Nation, to deprive " them of the Rights and Liberties which they enjoyed " for 500 Years before; and which wefe invaded without and against their Consent, and, from that Day to "t this, have been constantly complained of? — Let any " English Heart, that stands so justly in Vindication of " his own Rights and Liberties, answer this Question,

" and 1 have done."

in. " I readily grant, That this, and the other fore- N

" mentioned Acts in England, since the Resolution,

" when they were made, were looked upon highly in our " Favour, and for our Benefit; and to them, as such, we " have conformed ourselves; But then, in all Justice " and Equity, our Submission herein is to be deemed " purely voluntary; and not at all proceeding from the *. Right we conclude thereby in the Legislators."

112, 113. "If submitting to an Inconvenience be a less Evil than endeavouring to throw it off, Men " will submit; but if the Inconvenience grow upon them,

" and be greater than the Hazard of getting rid of it,

" Men will offer at putting it by, let the Statesman or " Divine say what they can."

128. " That Ireland, though annexed to the Crown of " England, has always been looked upon to be a Kingdom complete within itself, and to all Jurisdiction " to an ablblute Kingdom belonging, and subordinate to " no legislative Authority on Earth."

4O 150. "First,

Rrnritagp — uaconlhtu-tional PuWi* tation*

3*26 &2° Juniu 1.698,

150. First, therefore, I say, That Ireland should be bound by Acts of Parliament made in England, is " against Reason, and the common Rights of all Man-« kind."

154. " Secondly, 'Tis against the common Laws of England; which are in force both in Englandend " land, by the original Compact before hinted."

157. "Thirdly, It is against the Statute Laws, both of England arid Ireland."

" 161. " Fourthly, It is against several Charters of Liberties granted unto the Kingdom of Ireland"

163. " Fifthly, It is incontinent with the Royalties and Pre-eminence of a separate and distinct Kingdom."

165. " 'Tis absurd to fansy, that Kingdoms are fepa-

" rate and distinct, merely from the geographical DistinCiion of Territories: Kingdoms become distinct, by " distinct Jurisdictions and Authorities legislative and " executive: And as, Rex est, Regem non habit; so, " Regnum est, quod also non Regno: A Kingdom can have no Supreme; 'tis, in itself, supreme " within itself, and must have all Jurisdictions, Authorities, and Pre-eminences, to the Royal State of a Kingdom belonging; or else 'tis none: And that Ireland has " all these, is declared in the Irish Statute, 33 VIII. " C. 1. — The chief of these, most certainly, is the Power of " making and abrogating its own Laws, and being bound " only by such, to which the Community have given " their Consent"

166. " Sixthly, It is against the King's Prerogative, That the Parliament of England should have any co- ordinate Power with him to introduce new Laws, or " repeal old Laws, established in Ireland.

168. " Seventhly, It is against the Practice of all former Ages."

170." Eighthly, 'Tis against several Resolutions of the " learned Judges of former Times, in the very Point." 170. " Ninthly, The Obligation of all Lawshaving the same Foundation; if one Law may be imposed " without Consent, any other Law whatever may be im- *f posed on us without our Consent"

170. " Lalily, The People of Ireland are left, bythis Doctrine, in the gireateft Consulion and Uncertainty " imaginable."

17»7 172. "To conclude all; I think it highly inconvenient for England to affuroe this Authority over " the Kingdom of Ireland: I believe there will need " no great Arguments to convince the wife Assembly " of English Senators, how inconvenient it may be to " England, to do that which may make the Lords and " People of Ireland think that they are not rwell used; " and may drivd them into Discontent. The Laws and " Liberties of England were granted, above 500 Years " ago, to the People of Ireland, upon their Submission " to die Crown of England, with a Design to make them " easy to England, and to keep them in the Allegiance " of the King of England: How confident it may be' " with true Policy, to do that which the People of " Ireland may think is an Invasion of their Rights and' " liberties, I do most humbly submit to the Parliament " of England to consider."

The Committee have also inquired what Proceedings have been in Ireland, that might occasion the said Pamphlet; and do find, by Pecufal of the printed Votes of the-' House of Commons in Ireland during the late Session there, signed by their Speaker, That, in their Proceedings they have taken and practised most of the same Ways and Methods, in preparing and framing Bills to be transmitted over, in order to be passed into Laws; there, as are used and' practised for making Laws in the Parliament here: Some of which Proceedings are as followeth; viz.

27th July 1697. " Ordered That the Committee " for Laws examine and report to this House, at thteir " next Meeting, what Bills, have been prepared by this " House, and lent to the late Lord Deputy, in order to " be transmitted into England."

»6th August 1697. " Mr. Weaver senior reported

". from the Committee for Laws, That they had prepared " Heads of a Bill to prevent Charge and Expence in " Election of Members to serve in Parliament { and for " regulating Elections; and to prevent irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in electing and returning such Members: Which was received, " and read."

Ordered, That the said Bill be read again " nesdayMorning next.

" Then the House, according to Order, took into " further Consideration the Heads of a Bill for the better " Security of his Majesty s Royal Person alid Government; and went through the fame, with fume Amend- ments."

Ordered, That the said Bill be read again on " 'nesday Morning next."

18 August 1697. " Sir Francis Brewster presented to " the House Heads of a Bill for the more easy and " speedy Securing and Recovery of small Debts: Which " was received "

" Ordo'td, That the said Bill be read on Friday Morning next."

16 September 1697. " A Motion being made. That the " Committee appointed to bring in Heads of a Bill for " Encouragement' of the Linen and Hempen Manu* " facture in this Kingdom be enlarged; the same was " enlarged accordingly."

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, to consider of the Papers now read, relating to the said Linen Manufacture: And that they nave

" Power to name a President for each Country, out of " the Persons returned for Directors."

Ordered, That Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer " do prepare, and bring in, a Clause, to be inserted in the said Bill, for the better Encouragement of the said " Linen Manufacture, pursuant to a Paper now laid " before the Hpufe." -

17th September 1697. " A Petition of the Mastery " Wardens, and Corporation, of Butchers, in Dublin; " praying, that Heads of a Bill may be prepared, That " no Cattle may be fold in Smithfield Market, before Six a Clock in the Morning, front the Tenth of March for " the Tenth of September; nor before Eight a Clock*, " from the Tenth of September to the Tenth of March; " and that none be fold but in open Market, nor car-- ried thence before Ten a Clock in the Forenoon; waspresented to the House, and read."

" Upon Consideration whereof:"

" Ordered That the Heads of a Bill be prepared and brought in, pursuant to the said Petition."

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to prepare, " and bring in, a Clause, to be inserted in the said Bill, or in such other Bill as they shall think fit, for Regulating of all Custom or Toll, taken in Fairs, Markets, " or other Places, in this Kingdom: And that they have " Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records " And a Committee was appointed accordingly."

18 September 1697. " Then the House proceeded to " consider (a) [further] of the Heads of a Bill for pre-serving the Game; and more easy Conviction of such* " who shall destroy the fame; and agreed thereto, with some Amendments."

" Ordered That Mr. Solicitor-General do present thefeme to their Excellencies the Lords Justicea; and " humbly defure, That the feme nray be put into Form, " and transmitted into England"

Ordered, That a Clause be inserted'in the said Bill, " requiring. That it be read at every Quartei -Seffi uus. " And the Committee do also find, iu a Bill transmitted under the Great Seal from Ireland, dirring the lhte SenU)n-of Parliament there, intituled, An Act for the better Se-' cority of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government, That the whole Act passed here-in England in 'the Third' Year of their Majesties Reign, intituled, An Act for the-abrogating the Oath of Supremacy in Ireland, and ap--pointing oilier Oaths, is re-enacted with some Alterations j-(y)Supplied bun the original Report.

wherein,

loW.lir. 2a" — 23'1 Junii. 327

wherein, other Times arid Places are appointed for taking the Oaths, and making the Declaration, therein mentioned, than were required by the said Statute; particu-

larly, That Barristers, Attornies, Solicitors, <$fc. shall, and are hereby required to take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration, appointed by. that Act, in the Court of Chancery, or King's Bench, in Ireland; and that in another Clause, They shall and may take the said Oatlw, and make and subscribe the said Declaration, in the Court of Chancery, or King's Bench, in England; though, by the English Statute, they are all required to

take the Oaths, and make and subscribe the Declaration in the Court of King's Bench in Dublin.

And do also find, That, in the said Bill, it is Enacted, That nothing therein contained shall be dlfpenfed with by any Warrants, or Letters Patents, under the Great Seal ot England; and that such Warrants, or Letters Patents,

are declared to be null and void, and of no Effect.

And that, in the same Bill, the Crown of Ireland is filled the Imperial Crown of that Realm.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Witness nes- The lloufe being informed, That Mr. Arthur lesting to of JFhrnhoo in Essex, hath been summoned, by a War-

ttend. rant left with his Wife at his House, to attend the Committee appointed to manage the Evidence at the Tryal of John Goudet, and others, upon the Impeachments against

them; but that lie hath not attended;

Mr. Baker, and the Messenger who summoned the said Mr. Goodwin, were called in; and examined at the Bar, in relation thereunto.

And then withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Goodwin do attend this House upon Saturday Morning next.

Desborough's Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Share of whom the Petition of Captain was referred»

Prize. he made upon Friday Morning next.

Supply Eill, Railing Annuities. jNe* E. I. Co. locorpuutted.j

The House, according to Ol der, proceeded in the farther Consideration of the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bills for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several additional Duties upon Salt; and for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund lor Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8/. per Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament: were committed:

And several of the Amendments, made by the Committee, were read a Second time; and feme of them dif-ageeed, and others agreed, unto by the House.

Clause C being read a Second time, That the Governor and Company of Merchants of London, trading to the East- tidies, shall not, after the 24th of June 1698, borrow any Money at Interest, of contract any further Debt, for any Goods, or upon Bottomry, or otherwise howsoever, other than at Six per, Gent. Interest.

And the Question being put, That the House d6 agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tet^for the

Tellers for the Noes,

92'

103.

f Mr H

s'\\Ir. Brotherton:

So it passed uv the Negative.

Clause D being read! a Second time;

The same was amended by the House; and is, That the said Company shall pay and discharge all just Debts which they now owe, or are l'ubjeft to; and that all Manors and Latfcfc, heretofore granted to them, under the Great Seal of England, or the Grant of any other Person whatsoever, which they now or hereafter shall be possesstd of, shall to (btyeft to the Payment of such just Debts:

Vol, XIL

Then the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment, so amended; The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

TeWorteY^;

Tellers for the Noes/ '

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered, to be -added to the Bill, That every Company or Corporation, that shall be established in pursuance of this Act, and their Successors, shall respectively take care, that the Sum total of all the Debts they shall owe, at one time, to any Person or Persons, Bodies Politick or Corporate, do not exofted the Value of their capital Stock remaining undivided:

And the same was once read:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned:

And it passed in the Negative.

The Clause being read a Second time; the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for the receiving Bank- Bills and Notes in the Exchequer:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause amended:

And then the same was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill touching the Drawback on Salt:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause of Appropriation was offered, to be added to the BiH:

And the same was once read, with Blanks: s

And a Debate arising thereupon;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the Debate be adjourned;

And it passed in the Negative.

The Clause was read a Second time:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate he adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his: Majesty: m order to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glass-makers, and Pipe-makers were referred.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

, 1, j.. ..... 1 _

Jervis, 23° die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Thayers,

AN ingrafted Billy That the Strips Panther, and St.

Aiulreec npw called the Gloucester taken'

as Prices, may have a Freedom of trading as Engkfk Ships, was read the Third time.

_ Resolved, That the Bill do pais: and that the Title he. An Act, That the Ships Panther,', Frigate, Scarborough, and Antelope, formerly taken as Prizes, and condemned, may have Freedom of trading as English~ built Ships,

Ordered, That Mr. Cu&ford do cany the Ml to the-Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The Hbufif proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Till, intituled.

An

Ways and Means.

Committees.

l

Ships

Gloucester,

&c.

Mafcali'g

Debts*

2 3° Junii. >4.1698.

An Act for vesting a Copperas-work, late Part of the Estate of Robert Mascall Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of Debts, and other Charges thereupon:

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

17 Pr. 16 L. after " in," instead of "about 'read, "or." Ordered, That Sir Henry Colt do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Pitt's Estate. Mr. Edward Harley reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to confirm a Conveyance made by George Pitt Esquire, and others, of Tarrant-Pre/lon, and other Lands, in the County of Dorset, to John Pitt Gentleman, and the Heirs Male of his Body, was committed, That they had examined and considered the lame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerks Table.

The Bill was read the Thjrd time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pal's.

Ordered, That Mr. Harley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same without any Amendment.

The House, ' according to Ofder, proceeded to take Bishopof into Consideration the Report of the Conference with the ^1,e<ler Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Clauses added by this House to the Bill, intituled, An Act for confirming a Lease, granted by the Lord Bishop of of a

Parcel of waste Ground in Alver/lock, in the County of Southampton, for the Ercfting of Water-works there; and improving the same*

And the Report was read; and also the Clauses, severally:

And the Question being severally put, that the House do infill upon the said Clauses;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolls do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House doth not insist upon the said Clauses.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to put Suppressing them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better , °"^‘ Discovery and Suppressing of Housebreakers. rM ers‘

Ordered, That Mr. Evelyn do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Privilege — from the Committee, appointed to examine into the printed uuconftitu-Pamphlet intituled, " The same of Ireland's being bound l ub1*' " by Acts of Parliament in England stated," be adjourned,

until Tomorrow Morning.

Sufferers at Sir Robert Clayton reported from the Committee, to Londonderry, whom the Address relating to the City of Londonderry, in Ireland, was committed. That they had drawn up an Act-dress: which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place: and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

We your Majesty's most loyal and dutiful Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having received a Petition from the Mayor, Commonalty, and Citizens, of your City of Londonderry, in Ireland, setting forth their early and singular Services and Sufferings, on the late happy Resolution, by the Securing and Defence of that City, again!! a long and cruel Siege; which eminently contributed to the destroying the Designs of the Enemies <Jf these Kingdoms; and shewing, That thereby, not only the greatest Part of the City and Suburbs was demolished, or rendered ruinous; but also, that their Disbursements,

upon this Occasion, for fortifying, providing Arms and Am-

munition, railing and subsisting Forces, and other publick Uses, did amount to a very considerable Sum of Money; and, that as they had willingly exposed themselves, and their All, for the publick Interest and Service; lb they had patiently, these Eight Years, lain under their Losses; in Hopes, at the End of the War, to be so considered, as they should no longer remain a poor ruinous Spectacle to all, a Scorn to their Enemies, and a Discouragement to your Majesty's well-affected Subjects: And praying our Recommendation of their same to your Majesty, for your Royal Favour, in order to their Relief in the Kingdom of Ireland.

And it also appeared, upon Examination, That the Governor and Garrison, who, through the utmost Sufferings and Extremities, defended the fame, do likewise deserve to have so signal a Service takdn into Consideration; and the said City, who have so eminently suffered, to have Tomer special Mark, of your Majesty^B Favour, for a lading Monument to Posterity.

; All which we do most humbly represent to your Majesty; praying, That,' in Consideration of the Premises, ylour Majesty would be graciously pleased, to make some Compensation to the said City, Governor and Garrison, by such Ways and Means, and in such Manner, as your Majesty, in your-Princely Wisdom, shall think fit.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty. by such Members of this House as are of his 4 4,(, Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate, Yesterday, Supply Bill; upon the Clause of Appropriation, presented, to be added railing An-to the Bills for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and j C)>

Successors, several additional Duties upon Salt; and for incorporated.] railing a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of 8 /. per Annum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages, therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament.

And the Blanks were filled up; and, upon the Question put thereupon, the Clause was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for paying Bank- Bills into the Exchequer for a time:

And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks were filled up; and the Clause amended:

[.> And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, for making good a Deficiency of the Fund, if any should be:

And the same was twice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Trade established by this Act, fha.li be subject to such Regulations, as shall be judged by Parliament to be most for the Advantage of this Kingdom; so as the Trade be continued exclusive to all Persons, other than those intitled thereunto by this Act:

And the same was twice read:

Then the Question being put, That the Clause be made part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, forte Yeas,

Teller, forte Noe,-

So it passed in the Negative.

And the Bill was amended by the House.

Then the Question being put, That foe Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers forte Yep

Teller, for teNoesP;^, } 80.

' . So

1

J

66.

97-

io win.

230 — -24" Junii.

329

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Mr. Meredclh:

Walrond's

Elute.

Supply Bill; Duties 011 Vellum, See.

Duties on

Marriages,

*u.

Ship

Maryland

Merchant,

Supply Bill; Poll Tax.

Conference with Lords.

Manner of attending the Impeach* ments.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Humphrey IValrond Gentleman to fell Part of his Estate,

for making Provision for his eldest Son, and Elizabeth his Daughter, who are Lunaticks: and Payment of his Debts; and raising Portions for his other Children: Also, They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper, without any Amendment: Alio,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for preventing Frauds and Abuses in the charging, collecting, and paying, the Duties upon Marriages, Births, anti Burials: without any Amendment: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for giving Leave to the Ship Maryland of

to arrive, and import her Lading into this Kingdom, without any Amendment: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty an Aid, by a Quarterly Poll, for One Year, without any Amendment. Also,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, ki the painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last free Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers -were called in again; and Mr.-Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the free Conference do manage this Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Rowland Gztyn reported the Conference: And that

>... Earl of Rochester managed the lame: Who told them, That the Lords hoped the Commons would take it as an Instance of their Sincerity, to maintain a good Correspondence between the Two Houses; and that the Lords having, upon the Report of the last free Conference, been acquainted. That Mention had been made, by one of the Members of the House of Commons, That their House had resolved to prosecutethe ImpeachmentB of det, and others, by a Committee of the whole House; though at the same time, several other of the Members of that House declared there was no Authority given for the saying any £uch Thing at that free Conference; however, it having been there said, the Lords have desired this present Conference, to know of the Commons, In what Manner they design to prosecute the said Impeachments.

Resolved, That this House will be present at the Tryal of John Goudet, and others, upon the Impeachments against them, as a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That the said Resolution be communicated to the Lords, at a Conference:

Resolved, That ^Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gzcyn do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

the Committee, to wham the Petitions of the Glass-makers and Tobacco-pipe-makers were referred.

Sir Rowland Gnyn reported to the House, That, he Conference having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire with Lerds* a Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir RowlandGzeyu reported, That they Bad attended

the Conference, and communicated the Resolution of this House to the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Veneris, 24° die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

MR. Gct'y. according to Order, presented to the Ship Ruby.

House a Bill, That the Ship called the Ruby Prize, formerly called the Entreptenant, taken as Prize, may have a Freedom of trading as;an LV« /«-/<-built Ship: And the same was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

- The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Wayaand Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means for Meani* raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, in order to consider further of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glass-makers and Tobacco-pipe-makers were referred.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Sir Tho. Littleton reported from the said Committee,

That they had considered the Matter to them referred; and had come to several Resolutions; which they had direfcted him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franklyn and Exporting

Sir John Hoskins: Wool. Ful*

\jr c 1 lers Earth,

Mr. Speaker, &c>

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

for the Explanation, and better Execution, of former

Acts made against Transportation of Wool, Fullers Earth,

and Scouring Clay,.without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the Report Privilege — from the Committee appointed to examine into the print- Unconftitu-ed Pamphlet, intituled, " The same of Ireland's being Nation. ~ " bound by Acts of Parliament in England Hated," be adjourned till Monday Morning next.

Supply Bill;

raising Annuities. [New E. 1. Co. incorporated.]

Ordered, That the Bills for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors, several additional Duties upon Salt; and for raising a Sum not exceeding Two Millions, by settling a; perpetual Fund for Payment of certain Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds^er for every

Hundred Pounds, and by further Advantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament; be read the Third time upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Defbo-whom the Petition of Captain Desborough is referred, be wugh', made upon Tuesday Morning next. pria^f 0

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Ways and Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning,

M«an». resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, in order to consider further of the Report from V^l. XII. 4P

6bip Ruby.

Embecsle*

ment of Naval S torts.

Sulppy Bill; Duty on Luf-tring*, &c.

Supply Bill;

building

Ships.

Supply BUI; put chasing Annuities.

Privilege — complaint styairi^ a Member.

Ways and Means.

330

25* Junii. 1698.

Sabbati, 25* Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

AB I L L, That the Ship called the Ruby ,formerly called the Entreprenant, taken as Prize, may have a Freedom of trading as an £«f/wA-built Ship, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gay, Mr. Ash, Mr. Foley, Mr. Battifcomb, S\r Henry Colt, Mr.

Barrington, Mr. Manly, Mr. Yates, Sir Tho.

Mr. Mounst evens, Mr. Sloan, Mr. Mr.

kerly, Mr. Colt, Mr. Roberts, Mr. , Mr. Harly,

Sir Wm. Cooper, Sir Hen. Hobart, Mr. Cidlij'ord, Mr. Trehrwny, Mr. Newport, Mr. FMr. Egerton, Sir Mar. Wyvell, Mr. Bridges, Mr Mr.

Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Pock ling-ton, Mr. Machell, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Fleming, Sir Ed-

ward Hungerford, Sir Hen. Bellasis, Mr. Bohan, Sir John Wolstenholm, Mr. Palmes, Sir . Sir Jacob

Ashly, Mr. Swift, Mr. Kirkby, Sir Robert Cotton: And they are to meet on Monday Morning next, at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That it be an instruction to the said Committee, That -they have Power to insert in the Bill, the Ships Sparrozc-hawke and Amity, upon Proof, that they

were taken as Prize, condemned by the Admiralty, and bought.

Ordered, That it be an Infiruftion also to the said Committee, That they have Power to insert in, or receive, a Clause, to be added to the Bill, for the Freedom of Trade also for the Ship Plymouth/ a Wreck; all of her new-built in England, except her upper Part

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir John Fratiklyn:

Mr.' Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better preventing the Embezzlement of his Majesty's Stores of War; and preventing Cheats, Frauds, and Abuses, in paying Seamens Wages; without any Amendment: Alio,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for increasing his Majesty's Duties upon Luftriugs and Ala-modes, without any Amendment: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for applying to the Use of his Majesty's Navy and Ordnance, the Overplus of the Money and Stores, which were provided for the building Seven-and-twenty Ships of War, without any Amendment: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enlarging the Time for purchasing certain Estates, or Interests, in several Annuities therein mentioned, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir William IVMiams attending in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition of Tho. Tea> and Anne his Wife, presented to the House the 22d Instant, was read; setting forth, That Robert Lewis, deceased, the former Husband of Anne, about Twelve Years fmee, devised all his Estate in Angle-fey to the said Anne: That the Petitioners, about October 1693, fold the said Estate to Sir JVm. Williams Baronet, for 629 /.; That the said Sir IVm. pretends he hath paid 519/. 7 s.Part of the Purchase-money; and there remains 119/. 135. which he keeps in his Hands, alleging. That feme Persons lay Claim to Part of the Estate: And that they believe, the said Sir William deligns to defraud them of the Remainder of the Purchase-money, to their utter Ruin: And praying Relief in the Premises.

And Sir William William was heard thereunto.

Sir Tho. Littleton, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, for Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty, to whom 17

it was referred to consider of the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions of the Glais-makers and Tobacco-pipe makers were referred, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Equivalent be granted to his Majesty, for Half the Duties now upon Glass-wares.

Resolved, That it is tho Opinion of this Committee,

That an Equivalent be granted to his Majesty, instead of the wjiole Duties now upon Stone and Earthen-wares.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That an Equivalent be granted to his Majesty, instead of the whole Duties upon Tobacco pipes.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the said Equivalent, a further Duty be laid upon Whale-bone imported.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That, towards the said Equivalent, a further Duty be laid upon Scotch Linen and Ticking imported, or brought into England.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this-Committee,

That the said Duty upon Whale-bone be Six-pence Pound, to be paid by the Importer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty upon Scotch Linen, cailed Twill, be \os.for every Hundred EIJs, containing Six-score to the Hundred, over and above the Duties now payable, to be paid by the Importer.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said further Duty upon Scotch Linen, called Ticking, be Six Shillings and Eight-pence for every Hundred Ells, containing Six-score to the Hundred, over and above the Duties now payable, to be paid by the Importer. 1

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duties upon Whale-bone, and Scotch Linen* be granted to his Majesty, his Heirs and Successors.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

A Motion was made, and the Question was put, That the said Resolution be re-committed:

And it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That an Equivalent be granted to his Majesty, for Half the Duties now upon Glass-wares.

Then the Second, Third, Fourth, Fifth, Sixth, Seventh, and Eighth Resolutions being severally read a Second time, the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The last Resolution being read a Second time:

Resolved, That the said Resolution be postponed.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions agreed unto: And that Mr. Attorney-General,'

Mr. Solicitor-General, and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, who are to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill, That they do take care there be a more equal Charging and Collection of the remaining Duties upon Glass-wares.

An ingrossed Bill for raising a Sum, not exceeding Supply Bill; Two Millions, by settling a perpetual Fund for Payment raising of certain Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds per Aimum for every Hundred Pounds, and by further Ad- inwrpmwd.j vantages therein mentioned, redeemable by Parliament, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments wrere proposed to be made to the Bill; viz.

Pr. 50. L. *, after " Receipt," to insert " of Ejtche-

" quer:"

Pr. 51, L. *, after "grown," to insert "due:"

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bid amended at the Table accordingly.

Then

4

Ship Ruby.

A Witwft excufrd hist neglect in attending.

Privilege — onronftitn-tii>nal Publi

catioQp

io W- III. 25° — 27°. — 28° 331

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tel, er, for the Yeas. },5.

Tellers for the Noes, jj|' . } 78.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And that the 'Title be, An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, after the Rate of Eight Pounds Centum per

Annum; and for settling the Trade to the East Indies.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten a Clock.

Luna, 27* die Junii ',

Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

MR. Gery reported from the Committee, to whom the ' Bill, That the Ship, called the Ruby Prize,

formerly called the Entreprenant, taken as Prize, may ' have a Freedom of trading as an English-buWt Ship, was committed. That they had made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendment, be ' ingrossed.

Arthur Goodicin, attending, was called in to the Bar: who excusing his not attending the Committee, who were to manage the Impeachments against John and others, before he was directed to attend the said Committee, de die in diem.

And then withdrew.

- The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to examine into the printed Pamphlet, intituled, " The same of Ireland's being l>ound by " Acts of Parliament in England ltated And the Report was again read.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the Book, intituled, " The same of Ireland's being bound by Acts of u Parliament in England ltated," is of dangerous Consequence to the Crown and People of England, by denying the Authority of the King and Parliament of England, to bind the Kingdom and People of j and the

Subordination and Dependance that Ireland hath, and ought to have, upon England, as being united and annexed to the Imperial Crowu of this Realm.

Resolved, That the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government, transmitted under the Great Seal of Ireland', whereby an Act of Parliament made in England, expressly to bind Ireland, is pretended to be re-enacted; and Alterations therein made; and divers things enacted also, pretending to oblige the Courts of Justice, and the Great-Seal of England, by the Authority of an Parliament;

has given Occasion and Encouragement to the forming and publishing the dangerous Portions contained in the said Book.

Ordered, That it be referred to the said Committee, to draw up an humble Addrefe, to be presented to his Majesty, representing the Matters aforesaid.

And, upon the further Debate of the House;

Ordered, That the said Committee do also draw up an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty for the difeou raging the making the Woollen Manufactures Vox. XII.

in Ireland, and encouraging the making the Linen Manufactures there.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill j House a Bill for taking away Half the Duties lately 1m-poled on Glass-wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on " *' Stone and Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes; and for granting, in lieu thereof, new Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Itejulved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Doctor Edisbury:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Wire-draw-for settling and adjusting the Proportions of fine Silver era Trade., and Silk, for the better making of Silver and Gold Thread; and to prevent the Abuses of Wire-drawers; without any Amendment: Allb,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act, That Ship* the Ships Panther, Gloucester Frigate, Scarborough, and Gloucester, Antilope, formerly taken as Prizes, and condemned, may &c* have Freedom of trading as English-built Ships, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Martiis, 28* die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

P ETITION of Dame Sarah Bassett, Widowand Privilege* Relict of Sir lVilliam Basset Knight, deceased, was presented to the House.

And the same relating to Sir Edward Hungerford, a Member of the House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until Friday Morning next: And that Sir Hungerjord

do then attend in his Place; and the Petition be then read.

A Petition of Don Phelipe de la Guerra, Agent and Privilege of Consul from his Catholick Majesty, on behalf of the a Member is Executors of the lull Will and Testament of Sir William a Suiu Godolphin Knight, deceased, Subjects of his said Catholick Majesty, residing in the Kingdom of Spain, was presented to the House:

And the same relating to Charles Godolphin Esquire, a Member of the House -, who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Mr. Godolphin do attend in his Place.

An ingrossed Bill, that the Ship, called the Ruby Rubyv Prize, formerly called the Entreprenant, taken as Prize, may have a Freedom ot trading as an built Ship,

was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act, Thut the Ships, called the Ruby Prize, and Plymouth, may have Freedom of trading as -Ewg/wA-built Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Gery do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Sir William Brou nlow do attend in his Member Place, upon Thursday Morning next: And that the Pe- to attend, tition, relating to him, which lies upon the Table, be then read.

A Petition of the Company of Merchants of London on trading to Greenland was presented to the House, and Whale-bone, read; setting forth, That the Fishing-Trade to Greenland hath always been esteemed an advantageous Trade to this Nation; and that, for the Recovery thereof, they

have

Supply Bill; Duties on Whalebone, &c»

DefWoughj

Share of Prize.

33a oft0 yunit. -: A. 1698.

have sustained, at least, 50,0001. Loss: That, by Two A 6b of Parliament made in their Behalf, no Duty for any Blubber, Oil, or Fins, by them imported in any Ships, should be paid: And praying to be heard at the Bar of the House, before the Bill do pais for laying 6d. per Pound on Whale-fins.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Bill was read a Second time.

RcJ'olved, That die Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners do attend the fame; and be heard thereupon Tomorrow

AJomfog.

Mr. Armld reported, from the Committee, to \vhom the Petition of Captain Desborough was referred, the Matter, as k appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place-; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

It was admitted, That Captain Desborough was Commander of the Mary Gaily; and tlnat such a Squadron was sent to Neztfoundland, as* in the Petition; and that

Jus Majesty gave such Prizes as they should take, amongst them, for their Encouragement; and that several Prizes were taken, in their Cruilings, after their Arrival at Nezc-foundland; but not to be distributed, ps Captain Desborough alleged.

Captain Desborough said, That, about the 7th of June, the said Squadron arrived at Newfoundland; and, about the 15th, a Division went out a cruiling, and took a Prize half-laden with Fish; and another, of about 160 Ton, laden with Wine, Brandy, Provisions, and Cloaths for Soldiers and Officers; and, about the 20th of June, returned to Saint John's:

That, about the 2d of July, another Division went out to cruise; and, on the 5th, took Two Prizes, Merchant Ships, coming from Pfanee, under the Convoy of Monsieur Nefmond, which colt 40,000 /. as the Prisoners said; and were laden with 700 Bales of Linen and Woollen Cloths, 600 Hogsheads of Claret, and or 500 Hogsheads of Brandy; besidea foveral other rich Merchandizes, and Plate:

That, the 19th of July, they returned, with thqfe Prizes, into St. John's Harbour, and fell to plunder them; and put the Goods on board the Monk, Portland, and Guernsey; which w ere so crowded, that they were incapable of fighting, and could not lie timely cleared, in case an Enemy had come to attack them:

That, about the 23d July, Four English Prisoners made their flfcape from Mr* s Five Ships, who appeared, the 21th, off the Harbour of St. John's; and the Petitioner's Boat took them off the Shore; and examined them in the Boat; and all of them gave an Account, That they had escaped from PontL who was come from

? ena, very richly laden, ana very weak of Men and 'rovisions: And, the same Day, the Petitioner carried them before Commodore Norris, who examined them; and, at first, told him the same Story; but being, afterwards threatened, they varied in their Informations, and thought they had committed a Crime, in escaping from the french.

( a) [That the Petitioner expected his Share of the Prizes, being in Company w hen, they were taken; but neither he, nor his Ship's Company, had any.]

To prove this Matter, he called William Essex: Who said, That several Days he few Prize-Goods, both Wines and Brandy, carried on board the Monk and Guernsey; and that a Fair w'as kept on board the Monk, for Sale of the Goods, where he has seen

(a) This Paragraph is supplied from the original Report.

Four or Five Inhabitants of the Place at a time (b) [a buying]; and also Fiffiermen:

That he was several Days on board the Monk; and the was so pestered wkh Prize-Goods, between the Decks* both before and after the Four E Prisoners gave an Account of Ponti's l>eing on the Coast, that the >eamcn

had not Room-.to manage the Guns, in case they had been attacked.

And, being atked, What Quantity of Goods lie thought might be on board the Monk? be laid, He could not tell but believed there might be about 30 or 40 Tons.

Air. Edward Tanner laid, That he was Surgeon of a Traasport-Ship, lying in St. John's Harbour; and was aboard the Monk, and Guernsey, which was very much pestered with Prize-Goods; of which he bought feme; and was drinking in the Surgeon's Cabin, between Decks, which was very much crowded with then;, -and also the Gun-room, when the Report was of the Enemy's being -on -the Coast.

Stephen Rainsfordsaid, That he was on board the and Guernsey, at the Time Ponti appeared on the Coast; and, between the Decks and the Guns, they were so stored with Prize-Goods, that the Alen could not traverse the Guns, if attacked; but he was not down in the Hold.

Tho. Smart, Cockswain of the Monk's Boat, said, He saw several Bale-Goods brought on board the Mmk; but does not believe, there were so many stored between the Decks, but that they might be put into the Hold upon Occasion; nor does he know what Goods were in the Hold, tho' lie lies there; nor what Quantities between the Decks.

John Huntington said. That many Prize-Goods were brought on board die Monk, and other Ships: That the Goods on hoard the Mo)ik lay so between Decks, apd on the Quarter-deck, and abaft the Alaft, being flogf-heads of Wine and Brandy, that when it was laid, that Ponti appeared before the Harbour, the Guns before the Alaft could not play; hut that the Hold was not so full but it w ould have received them.

Being asked, If the Goods belonged to the Officer*, or the Men ? he answered, To both; but the Alen were cheated of their Shares; and several Complaints were made, that their Wine and Brandy was draw n out; thp* he cannot say any Complaint was made to Commodore Norris.

Thomas Phillitersaid, That great Quantities of Prize-Goods, of Hogsheads of Wine and Brandy, and lfole-Goods, were stored on board the Monk, Guernsey, and other Ships: That he was in the Monkwhich was so overftored, abaft the Alaft, that foe could not be cleared in time, if foe must have fought: That her Hold was so full of such Goods, that there was not Room enough for Provisions.

Charles Hasfeild said, That he was often on board the Mo/dc; and did fee lb many Prize-Goods ftoved between Decks and the Guns, that they could not be traversed at the time when the said Five Ships appeared.

Nicolas Harman said, That he was often on board the Monk; where he saw about Ten or Fifteen Hogsheads and Quarter-Calks lie upon the Deck, to serve the Men with; which he. believes might be removed out of the Way on Occasion; but he did not fee any Bale-Goods in the Hold.

John Symonds said. That he was that Morning, when the Five Trench Ships appeared, on board the Monk; and law Bale-Goods, and Wine and Brandy in Calks, in the Steerage; which he believes might have been cleared, in an Hour and Half; and that the Enemy could not have come up with them in leis than Two or Three Hours; but thofo Goods, then, lb lay in the Way, that the Guns in the Steerage could not be traversed without removing the Goods: And laid, 'tis not ul'ual to ltow Goods in the Steerage, but in, the Hold.

John Bayly, Quarter-gunner of the Monk, laid, That he was quartered in the Powder-room, in time of Service; and that he saw therein several Bales of Goods, Five Quarter-Calks of Brandy, and Two of Wiue, lying close to a Chest of

(6) Supplied from the original Report.

Cartridges

to W. III.

l8® Junii.

33?

Cartridges filled with Powder; but knows not by whose Order they were put there; but believes they belonged to "Lieutenant Bass and the M after; and saw several Longboats full of Bale-Goods, carried from on board the biggest of the Two Prize-Ships: That there were about 150 Men on board the Monk, who had a Quart of Wine per Day, for about Thirty Days, ordered them, of the Prize-Wines; and they had all'o some small Dividend of Prize-Goods; the Informant receiving the Value of about Forty Shillings.

It appeared to the Committee, That what called the Powder-room, was the Filling-room, over the Powder-room, where, nothing but the Ship's Rubbish lies; and is never used as a Powder-room, but in time of Fight.

To prove Intelligence of Ps Squadron, Mr. Shuttleworth, a Merchant, said, That, he being in a

Merchant-Ship, at Carbonere, the24thof JW^OneCaptain

Scomberbatch, an English Prisoner taken by Ponti, who came on Shore there from Consumption-Bay, to get fresh Provision for Ponti's Squadron, being informed of Commodore Norris's Squadron at Johns, delivered a Letter to Mr. Edwards and the Informant, for Captain Norris, acquainting him, That they were Monsieur Squa-

dron, from Cartagena, richly loaden, and weakly manned; and that, That w as the Time to make himself, and serve his Country: That the said Eduards and the Informant eroded the Bay in a Boat, being chafed, and like to be taken, by the French; and, the 24th of July, delivered the Letter to Captain Norris: That, afterwards, the Informant offered to go, as a Fisherman, to Pontie's Fleet, in Confirmation of the Report he had given; but a Council of War was called, wherein it was generally agreed, That the Five Ships were Part of Nefmond's Squadron; as appeared by Captain Norris's Orders, given to Captain DeJ-borough, when he was sent out for Intelligence-That, on the 26th Day of July, he went out with Captain Littleton in his Long-boat, near Carbonere; and took 25 French Prisoners; about Eight whereof, Captain Littleton examined separately in French, by s

Interpretation: who all agreed, That they were belonging to Ponti's Ships, who was very richly laden, and weakly manned; and, rather than they would starve, ventured into an Enemy's Coast for Provision: Of which Captain JWtjJw was acquainted; who thereupon called a Council c -jhr the 28th; wherein.it was resolved not to pursue the French Fleet.

Captain Desborough said, That he, on the 24th Day of

July, was ordered to go to Sea, to gain Intelligence of the Enemy; but could not get out of the Harbour till the 26th: That he was present at the Council of War held the 24th; when the Question was put, That our Squadron should go to Sea, and gave his Reasons for going to Sea, and fighting the Enemy; but Captain Norris, as he remembers, and the Generality of the Captains, were not for going to Sea; and Captain Drake, Captain Littleton, and Captain Roffce, were always against it; and thinks it did not come to Captain Norris his Turn, to declare his Opinion; he not signing in his Pretence, as most of the others did.

28th July, He saw Five Sail of French Ships, in Conception-Bay: One of about 80 Guns, with a Flag at Main-top-mast Head; the others of about 70, 60, 50, and 45 Guns, apiece; which they viewed fairly, being about Four or Six Miles Distance; and, the same Day, got into Si.John's, and acquainted Captain Norris therewith, at a Council of War then fitting; and offered divers Rea-fbns for going to Sea; but his Intelligence was not believed.

The same Day he was ordered out again, to get further Intelligence; and, on the 29th, he saw Four Lights, it being thick and foggy; they were near them, and made them to be the Enemy, (landing E. by N. and bore after them; the llernmost fired a Gun, and all the Lights were put out, upon a Signal; and io loft Sight of them in a Fog; and, on the 31 It, went into St. Johns with the Boat; and gave this Account to Captain Norris.

That the same Day he was ordered out again; and, on the 2d of August, took on the Bank, a French Ship, of Vo 1. XII.

about 70 or 80 Ton, belonging to Nanis, having nothing D«sboroagh*s in her but Salt to cure Fish: That, on the 18th of Au- |^are°f gust, off Cape-Pine, he described 15 Sail of French Men ze"

of War, and Fire-ftiips, and came within 3 Guns Shot of them; and kept them Company till they could get about Cape St. Mary's, to go into Placentia; and, on the 9th, got into St. John's with the Boat; and gave Captain Norris an Account of his last Cruize.

To prove his Cruifings,

John Stoneman, Matter of the Mary Galley, produced his Journal: which, he said, is true, and was made at the times, as the several Observations happened:

And Captain Norris also delivered in a Copy of Captain Desborough's Journal, from the 26th of July

to the 9th of August last 5 which agrees in Effe6fc with the Mailer's.

11 August: That a Court-Martial was held on board the Monk\ where the Petitioner was tried for his Neglect of Duty, and Breach of Orders, and dismissed of his Employment, as Commander of the Mary Golly; and Captain Cteasby was put into his Ropm: And the Petitioner desired to return to England in the Mary Gaily, but was denied, the Cabin being taken up by Two Women, who had been Prisoners: That, afterwards, he went on board the Lime, whereof Captain Trcvanion, his old Acquaintance, was Commander; where he was civilly treated till he made Complaint of his hard Usage: and then he was told, that Captain Noiris had ordered him to be set oft Shore, if he made such Complaints; whereupon, he betook himself to his Prize that he had taken; which was very unfit for a Voyage; and was unfortunately call away on the Coast of Ireland-, where he loft all his Papers, and was in great Danger of being drowned.

To prove Embezzlement of the King's Stores; he called,

William Essex: Who said, That several Stages were built, and covered with the King's Sails, for curing of Fish that was caught; and was sure, that (bme Fish that was so made, was put on board a Prize-Ship called the Bullet, takenhy the Monk; and Provisions were also taken out of the Monk', and put on board the Prize, -which was afterwards sent away to be sold.

Stephen Rainsford said, That the Stages were fixed with the King's Nails, Sails, and Materials to cure Fish; which, after it was made, was put on board the said Prize-Ship, and sent to the Straits to be sold; and the Ship was also fitted up with the King's Stores; and manned with the King's Men:

That a Stage for curing Fish, called the Lyon Stage, was built with the King's Materials, and kept by Captain Dove: And that he saw the said Prize-Ship hauled up and cleaned by several of the King's Men; and afterwardslhe was sent away to be sold with Fish.

William Clark said, That the Portland Boat w'as out a-fishing for Commodore Norris his Use, as the Men told him.

Captain Desborow said, The Men might have been better employed for his Majesty's Service, in keeping their Ships clean, and in Order, and by going ashore to help make the Fortifications.

In Answer to all which Charges;

First, As to the Prizes, and Distribution and Stowage; Captain Norris said, That though his Majesty had given them such Prizes as they should take, the Prizes were distributed according to his Inllructions, and an Act of Parliament for that Purpose:

That the Ships were never so pestered with Prize-Goods, but that they might have been ready to fight on any Occasion; and none of the Goods being taken out of the Hold of the said Two Prizes, till after the Five French Ships had left St. John's Harbour.

Captain Smith,a Land-Officer: That he was on board the Monk the 22 th, when Ponti appeared in the

Offing of St. John's Harbour; and is sure the Ship was . not then pestered with Prize-Goods; every Thing being so clear, that the Guns might play any Way; and at all times might be cleared, as Occasion required: That once, upon a Suspicion of the Enemy's attacking them, his

4 Q Chest,

334

48" Junii.

A-1698.

Prize.

DwWoogU's Chest, wherein all his Linen was, (landing upon Deck, Share of was jHlt down in the Hold; at which he was very angry, because he believes, there was not 10/. worth of Goods then aboard.

Lieutenant Harvey, his Lieutenant: That his Cabin was between Decks on board the; but he saw no Incumbrance of Goods, at any time, to hinder the Guns or Men; only, some small Quantities at a time, while they were distributed to the Men.

Captain Stapleton said, He was between Decks on board the Monk; and that he never saw, at any time, upon the Deck, more Goods than would lie on the Table before the Committee: And that no Goods were taken out of the Hold of the said Prize-Ships, till after the Enemy had left St.Johns, Harbour; tho' he believes, the Men might take some small Matters from between Decks before that time; but great Part of the Prize-Goods were returned into the Prize-Office.

Samuel Jones, Master of the , said, That not One Bale of Goods, nor a Calk of any Thing, was taken out of the Prize-Ships till about the 2Gth of Julywhich was Three or Four Days after the Enemy appeared before St. Johns Harbour; tho'perhaps the Men might take iome little Matters between Decks.

Captain Littleton and Lieutenant confirmed

the fame.

As to the Value of the Prizes, and Quantity of the Goods; Captain Norris said, there was not above the Value of 6,000l. taken out of the Two Ships, which was distributed amongst the Persons to whom it belonged; the rest of the Goods being returned into the Prize-Office.

Captain Stapleton said, That there was not aboard the said Prize-Ships when they were taken, above Two hundred Thirty Bales of Goods, which were designed for the Canada Trade; and confided of coarse Linen, coarse Blankets, and old Shoes; and might be worth about Four or Five Pounds per Bale: And that Captain row bought some of the Linen, at 6 d.per Yard.

Captain Littleton said. That there were several Hogs-hcadsofNuts taken on board the said Prizes; and that (bme of the Bales conftfted of old Shoes, and old Stock-ens, and Brals Rings, and Glals Beads; and believes, that the whole Value of the Gods taken out of the Prize-Ships could not be worth above 6,000 /.; which was (hared according to every Man's Proportion.

Captain Roff'ee also confirmed the same Matter.

Samuel Jones said, That he took an Account of the Bales taken out of the said Prize-Ships, which were between Two hundred Twenty, and Two hundred Thirty; and thinks they could not be worth above Four or Five Pounds per Bale; and all the Goods that were (hared, not in Value above 6,000l.

Lieutenant Hubert said, That he law several Goods and Things of small Value (hared amongst the Men.

Captain Norris informed the Committee, That the Captains of the English Squadron, before they left England, met together; when it was proposed. That what Prizes soever should be taken, should be (hared amongst them; but Captain Desborm was utterly against it, and made a separate Agreement for that Purpose with Captain Trevanion Commander of the Limebecause, as it was imagined, they were the belt Sailers:

Captain Trevanion said, That he made such Contract with Captain Dcsborow; and believes, he was not for share-ing with the rest, because he (ailed better than they.

Captain Desbormv owned the Agreement with Captain Trevanion: And said, That Captain Norris, Captain Littleton, Captain Stapleton, and Captain Roffee, (hared Prizes between them.

It was admitted, That Intelligence was given of the Enemy, by the Four Prisoners, by Cumberbath's Letter, allb by the Twenty-five French Prisoners, and by Captain Desbormv; but not in l'uch Manner as aforesaid.

Captain Norris said, That the Prizes taken on the 5th of July, were Merchant Ships, coming from France, under the Convoy of Mr. Squadron; con-

futing of 15 Sail of Men of War; bound for F/acentia, as the Prisoners informed:

That on the 2 id of July, several Sail, supposed to be the Enemy, were seen in the Offing: Whereupon, ourShips all moored in a line of Battle, and boomed the Harbour:

On the 22th July, the Regiment, upon a Report; That several Indians, with the French, intended to attack them, by a Council of War was received on board:

The 23th, the Four English Prisoners were brought on board the Monk; and examined; who telling different Stories, little or no Credit was given to them, having been taken but the Day before theyefcaped; and never onboard the French Men of War:

And, on the 24th, a Council of War was called; wherein it was generally agreed, That, in Consideration of the said Five Ships, and a Report of more bein<* seen to the Southward, they were Part of Mr. Nefmonas Squadron; and that a clean Frigate should make their Squadron: And, accordingly, Captain Desbormv was ordered out for that Purpose:

That afterwards, the same Day, he received an Express, from the Mailers of several Merchant Ships at Car-bonere, of Five French Men of War being seen off there; and thereupon, he called another Consultation, whereat they were adjudged to be Part of Monsieur Nefmond's Squadron: And, upon the Question put, Whether or no our Squadron should go to Sea; every Man signed his Vote to his Name; and it passed in the Negative.

That Captain Norris said, He could not say, who were for fighting, or who not; but, he is sure, he then, and on all other Occasions, voted to go to Sea; and did (ign the Paper for that Purpose with the rest.

To prove which;

Captain Dove said, That, on all Occasions, Captain Norris was ready for, and voted, to go to Sea; and particularly, at the said Consultation of the 24th of July; when there was a Division.

Captain Stapleton said, that Captain Norris (a) [always] shewed (b) [great] Willingness to engage the Enemy, whether Ponti's or Nefmond's Squadron.

Captain Wade said. That Mr. Norris was always very forward to go out; and that, at the Council of War, of the 24th July, he divided upon the Question for going to Sea.

Captain Littleton said, Captain Norris, at that Council of War, declared for going to Sea so publickly, that Captain Desborow mull needs hear him: and that lie af -ys

was for fighting the Enemy: And the Sea-Officers'* e generally for fighting, but the Land-Officers gene against it.

Captain Braxton, Captain Hargrove, Captain Snath, all Land-Officers, said, That, Captain Norris al ways shew-ed an extraordinary Willingness to engage the Enemy.

Captain Norris laid, That, upon the Receipt of Captain Scomber batch's Letter, he called a Consultation the 25th of July; and, upon the Debates of his Letter, wherein he fays, he came from on board Monsieur and is

said to be returned to him again, it was believed that Monsieur Nefnond was come into the Country; and that Cumberbatch was lent ashore for their Service: So it was agreed that their Squadron should continue in John's, till further Intelligence.

Captain Littleton said, That he took the 25 French Prisoners, and examined several of them; who said, they belonged to Pont 1 s Squadron, and came from Peter's Island, to buy Provisions: But the next Day they were carried before Commodore Norris, and examined at a Council of War; and then they said, They had not been at St.Peter's: And, upon other Intelligence, both by Sea

and Land, it appearing at the said Council of War, held 28th July, That the said Squadron was to rendezvous, at Placentia; and, when they layoff St. John's Harbour, they had fair Winds to go to Placentia, yet plied to the Northward, and went into Consumption-Bay, and (laid there some time, knowing of our Strength; it was very probable Monsieur Nefmond was at Placentia, or upon the Coast of Newfoundland:And, upon Debate of the Mat-

ters; and that the publick Service might suffer greatly by dividing the Fleet and Land Forces, in case their Communication

(<i) Supplied from the original Report.

(b) Ibid.

io W, III. 48°

niunication should be prevented: it was agreed, That our Squadron should not tail in Pursuit of the French Fleet:

That, the Day before those Prisoners were taken, Captain Doyley, Commander of an English Gaily, saw a clean

Frigate of about 60 Guns, belonging to Nesmond's Squadron, who also chafed Doyley as he laid, take an Merchant-Ship near the Bank.

Captain Norris said, That Captain s Intelli-

gence of Ponti, to the Council of War held the 28th July, was looked upon to be but a flight Account: So he was ordered to Sea again.

Captain Dove, said. That the Council of War could not believe, that Captain Desborow could be within Nine or Ten Miles of Ponti, by the Account he gave of his Hearings on the Cape, and Time of the Day, when he said* he was within Four or Six Miles, and fairly saw them; for that. Captain Norris's Lieutenant being then out in his Long-boat, and within Four Miles of the said Ships, at the same time Captain De said he' was within Four or Six Miles, as appeared by both their Journals; yet the Lieutenant could not tell what to make of them, other than that they were Five Sail: And Captain Desborow, being then asked, whether it was a Swallow-Tail Flag, or not, that he law, said, He could not tell.

Captain Stapleton, said, That the Mary Gaily came in Four or Five Hours before the Long-boat; so that it was presumed. Captain Desborow had not been near enough to discover the Enemy.

Captain Norris said, That, as to Captain Desborow's Second Intelligence, of the 31 th of July, of the said Five French Ships, he was afterwards, on the nth of August, tried by a Court-Martial for Neglect of Duty, and Breach of Orders; for that, though the Enemy made false Fires, and put out their Lights, being Signs of Fear, yet Captain Desborow went to Carbonere, and did not give Intelligence thereof till Three Days after, when he might have done it the next Morning; for which he was dismissed from his Employment.

That Captain Desborow was, after his said Neglect of Duty, lent out to gain further Intelligence of the Enemy; because there was never another clean Ship in the Squadron fit for that Service; and for that, it was thought, he might be the more diligent, being told of his Fault; and, accordingly, brought such an Account, as he before alledged, of the 15 Sail of French Ships.

Captain Norris also said, That he always afited according to a Council of War, pursuant to his Instructions, without any particular Prejudice to Captain Desborow.

Captain Desboroxo said, That after he had loft Ponti

in a Fog, it pouring down Rain, and it being before resolved not to fight him, he went to Carbonere to learn Intelligence of him; where, going alhore, the People, for Joy that he was gone, fired several Guns, and drank the King s Health; and then the Petitioner drank Confusion to those that were not for fighting: And said. That if he had committed a Fault, he hoped it was only an Error in Judgment, his Orders being to return in Three

-»-v O 1 o

Days, which he did.

To answer the Charge of Embezzling Stores;

Captain Norris said. That he did not give any Encouragement for the Men to fish, any otherwise, than that it was thought, by the general Approbation of the Officers, to be for his Majesty's Service, that they might take feme Fish, their Provisions being very short; but denied. That he had any Share of what was caught, or gave Orders for their Fishing; though he believes, 'tis usual for Men of War to fish, in feme measure, when they come there:

That all the Fish laden on the Prize-Ship, that was taken by the Monk, was bought with his own Money; and lent to Portugal to be sold, there being no Buyers at Newfoundland, nor other Seamen, than what belonged to his Majesty's Ships, who are commonly put on board Prize-Ships, but not to prejudice the Service.

As to the other Matters charged by the Petitioner, after his Dismission;

Captain Norris said, That, upon Application made by Captain Trevanion, in behalf of Captain , he

laid, That he desired to come to England in the Mary Vol. XII.

JuniL 335

Gaily; to which Captain Non'is replied, That he might Deftxmmgh'l so do with all his Heart, or in any other of the King's pb.are of Ships; But, the Cabin of the said Gaily, being taken up n e' by an English Merchant, and his' Wife and Daughter, who had been taken Prisoners by the French, Captain Desborow went on board the Lhne, Captain Commander, where he was very civilly treated; yet he was frequently making Complaints of his ill Treatment: And;

Captain Trevanion telling Captain Norris of it, he bid him set Desborow aflibre, in case he continued railing:

And he desired, That he might have the said Prize Ship he had taken; Captain Norris freely gave her up to him, with all his Right therein; and ordered the several Captains of the Squadron to fumish him with what Stores he should want, and they could spare, for fitting up his said Ship, to be deduced out of his Pay; but knew nothing to the contrary, till he came io England, but that Captain Desborow did come home in the Lime.

Captain Trevanion affirmed the Truth of this Matter to the Committee; and said, That he brought Captain Desborow's Books and Papers to England, on board the Lime.

Captain Desborow: That he never before heard of Captain Norris's Civility to him, in that Nature; and owned that Captain Trevanion brought home his Ship-Books and Accounts; but that he had loft all his private Papers, when he was cast away.

Allb the Petition of Geo.Shuttleworth Merchant, which

lay on the Table, was read:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Justice Blinco and Impeach- Mr. Baron Hatfell: ment of

Mr. Speaker, Goudet, 4c.

The Lords have appointed to proceed upon the Tryals of John Goudet, and others, upon the Impeachments against them, on Monday Morning next, at Ten of the Clock in the Forerfoon, in WeJltninster-halL

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message frotn the Lords, by Sir Richard Conference

and Mr. Pitt: with Lord.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this House in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-Matter of the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Clarke reported. That they had met the Lords at Goudet, 4c; the Conference: And that the Earl of Bridgxoater managed plead* guilty, the Conference: Who acquainted them, That John Goudet, David Barrau, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin,

Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharce, Merchants, and John Peirfe Gentleman, being Seven of the Persons who (land impeached by the House of Commons, have severally, at the Bar of the House of Lords, relinquished their Pleas and Answers to the Articles of Impeachment against them, and have confessed themselves guilty; which Con-sessions their Lordships have recorded; and have ordered them to be taken into Custody.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Supply Bill; after the Committee for the Bill for taking away half the Duties on Duties laid on Stone and Earthen-wares, and Tobacco- Whale-bone, pipes; and for granting, in lieu thereof, new Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others chargeable with the Duties upon Low Wines, and Spirits.

o And

3 3$ ^9° — 3°° A. 169?,

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Mercurii, 29* Junii Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

Ship Sally OIR Cloudejly Shaoell, according to Order, presented Rose. to the House a Bill to give Leave to the Ship Sally

Rose, formerly taken as Prize, to arrive, and import her Lading, and to trade as an built Ship: And the fame was received.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Privilege of Mr. Godolphin attending in his Place;

|'I*tmber " " The Petition relating to him was read; letting forth, a m' That in an Act, passed this Session of Parliament, for establishintr the Administration of the Goods and Chattels of Sir William Godolphin Knight, deceased, it is by a certain Proviso therein contained, Enacted, That after the several Legacies therein mentioned shall be satisfied, out of the personal Estate of the said Sir such other Legacies of him, other than are for superstitious Uses, as shall be made appear to be devised by Writing, or by any Nuncupative Will, reduced into Writing since the 10th of March 1695, shall be paid out of the Residue of his personal Estate, provided such Will appear before the 24th of June 1699, unless prevented by the Administrators; and, if not appearing by the said 24th June, then such Residue to come to the Administrators: And praying, That the said Mr. Godolphin may be obliged to wave his Privilege, to the End the Petitioner may prove Sir William's giving Legacies agreeable to the said Act.

And he was heard thereunto. '

Railing the A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Militia. Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have' agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising the Militia for the Year One thousand Six hundred and Ninety-eight, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Duty on A Petition of Henry Raper, and others, Merchants in

Scotch Linen. London, trading to Scotland, in behalf of themselves, and

many other Merchants, and Traders in Manufactures, of England, was offered to the House; relating to the Duties laid upon Scotch Linen:

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Return of Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to put Juries at Af- them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act for the more fiaes* ealy Return of Juries at the Assizes and Sessions.

Ordered, That Sir Marmaduke Wyvell do carry the said Message.

Supply Bill; The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Duties on Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill Glass, Ac. for taking away half the Duties lately imposed on Glass-wares; and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes; and for granting, in lieu thereof, new Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Littleton reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

15

Ordered, That the Report be made To-morrowMoming.

Resobed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, pu^eion resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to LoW Wines, consider of the Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others chargeable with the Duties upon Low Wines, and Spirits.

The Lord Conningsby reported to the House, That his Answer to Majesty having been attended with their Address touching Addrest* the City, Governor, and Garrison, of , his Majesty was pleased to say, That he will take them into his Consideration, according to the Desire of this House.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

- Jervis, 30° die Junii;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tiu

Prayers.

ABIL L to give Leave to the Ship Sally Rose, for- ship Sally merly taken as Prize, to arrive, and import her Rose.. Lading, and to trade as an English built Ship, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cloudejly Shacell, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Gery, Mr. Bertie, Sir Tyly, Mr. Harijon, Sir Henry Colt, Sir Wm.

Mr. Foley, Mr. Freicen, Mr. Clobery, Mr. Yates, Doctor Oxenden, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Battifcomb, Mr. Farrer. Mr.

Clark, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Maudit, Mr. Mr.

Mounjlevens, Lord Paulet, Mr. White, Sir Fran. Majfam,

Mr. Hoar, Mr. Perry, Mr. Aylmer, Sir Rowland Gwyn,

Mr. Rtidge, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Morris, Mr.

Mr. Monson, Mr . Dolben, Mr. Jeffryes, Mr. Colt, Sir

Tho. DeUroall, Mr. Bohun, Sir Joseph Hem, Mr. Swift,

Sir John Fleet, Mr. Moore; and all that serve for the Sea-ports; And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants of London, trading to Duties on New-England, New-York, and Penjilvama, in behalf of Whale-Fins, themselves, and other the Traders there, touching the Duties upon Whale-fins from the said Colonies, being offered to the House;

And the Question being put, That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Registering for enlarging the Time for Registring of the Ships, pursuant Ships, to the Act for preventing Frauds, and regulating Abuses, in the Plantation-Trade, without any Amendment: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Luftring's better Encouraging of the Royal Luftring Company; and Trade-the more effectual preventing the fraudulent Importation of‘Luftrings and Alamodes; with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take the said Amendment into Ditto. Consideration:

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as follows; viz.

Pr. 8. L. 33. leave out from " Customs," to " and, " in Pr. 9- L. 25; which was the Clause of Transportation of Offenders.

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath' agreed to the said Amendment.

Mr. Bofcawen reported from the Committee, to whom

it was referred to examine into the printed Pamphlet, "o'nalPubii-

intituled, cation.

.Address respecting the constitu-tioaal Dependence of Ireland.

low.m.

3 o° Ju

iM

titituled, M The same oflrelatkTs being bound by Acts of Parliament in England stated," That they had drawn up an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, relating to the Matters in the Resolutions in the House, upon the Report from the Said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as follows;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, conceive our-selves in Duty bound to represent to your Majesty the dan-

The feme were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Refoboed\That the House doth agree to the said Address, so amended.

And the same is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Cornmons in Parliament assembled, conceive otir-selves in Duty bound to represent to your Majesty the dangerous Attempts, that have been of late made, by fume of your Subjects of Ireland, to (hake off their Subjection to, and Dependence on, this Kingdom: Which hus nia* nifeftiy appeared to us, not only by the bold and pernicious Assertions in a Book, published, and dedicated to

gerous Attempts, that have been of late made, by feme your Most Excellent Majesty, intituled, " The same of of your Subjects of Ireland, to shake off their Subjection " Ireland's being bound by Acts of Parliament in Eng' to, and dependence on, this Kingdom: Which has manifestly appeared to us, not only by the bold and pernicious Assertions in a Book, published, and dedicated to your most Excellent Majesty, intituled, " The same of Ireland's " being bound by Acts of Parliament in England stated which Book, we examined and considered, upon its being brought to us, by your Majesty's Leave; but, more fully and authentically, by the Votes and Proceedings of the House of Commons in Ireland, in their late Sessions;

and by a Bill sent hither, under the Great Seal of Ireland,

" land datedwhich Book we examined and conli-dered, upon its being brought to us, by your Majesty's Leave; but, more fully and authentically, by the Votes and Proceedings of the House of Commons in in their late Sessions; and by a Bill sent hither, under the Great Seal of Ireland, intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's Royal Person and Government: whereby, they would have an Act passed in the Parliament of England, expressly binding Ireland, to be re-enacted there; and Alterations therein made; feme of

intituled, An Act for the better Security of his Majesty's which amount to a Repeal of what is required by the said

Royal Person and Government; whereby, they would have an Act passed in the Parliament of England, expressly binding Ireland, to be re-enacted there; and Alterations therein made; feme of which'amount to a Repeal of what is required by the said Act, made in England; and, in

Act, made in England; and, in other of the said Alterations, pretending to give Authority to, and oblige, the Courts of Justice, and Great Seal, here in England: This we cannot but look on as an Occasion and Encouragement to the forming, and publishing, the dan-

other of the said Alterations, pretending to give Autho- gerous Positions contained in the said Book.

rity to, and oblige, the Courts of Justice, and Great Seal, here in England:

This we cannot but look on a6 an Occasion and Encouragement to the forming, and publishing, the dangerous Positions contained in the said Book; and an open

The Consequences of such Positions and Proceedings will be so fatal to this Kingdom, and even Ireland itself, that they need not be enlarged on, or aggravated.

Therefore, we, your dutiful Subjects, rest satisfied, that your Majesty, by your Royal Prudence, will prevent their

and explicit Act of Dilbbedience to the Legislative being drawn into Example.

Authority of this your Kingdom of England. And we, with all Duty and Humility, assure your

The Consequence of such Positions and Proceedings Majesty of our ready Concurrence and Assistance, in a will be so fatal to this Kingdom, and even Ireland itself. Parliamentary Way, to preserv and maintain the De-that they need not be enlarged on, or aggravated. pendence and Subordination of Ireland to the Imperial

Therefore, we, your dutiful Subjects, rest satisfied, that Crown of this Realm.

your Majesty, by your Royal Prudence, will prevent their being drawn into Example.

And we, with all Duty and Humility, assure your Majesty of our ready Concurrence and Assistance, in a Parliamentary Way, to preserv and maintain the Dependence and Subordination of Ireland to the Imperial Crown of this Realm.

And we humbly beseech your Majesty, That yon would be graciously pleased to give effectual Orders, to prevent any thing of the like Nature for the future, and the pernicious Consequences of what is past, by punishing and discountenancing those that have been guilty thereof.

And we beseech your Majesty to take all necessary Care, That the Laws which direct and restrain the Parliament of Ireland in their Actings, be not evaded, but strictly observed;

And that your Majesty would be pleased to Order Copies of the Journals of the last Parliament, and so, from time to time, of all succeeding Parliaments of Ireland, to be transmitted into England, in order to be laid before the Parliament here; and to discourage all things, which

And we humbly beseech your Majesty, That you would be graciously pleased to give effectual Orders, to prevent any thing of the like Nature for the future, and the pernicious Consequences of what is past, by punishing and difeountenanting those that have been guilty thereof.

And we beseech your Majesty to take all necessary Care, That the Laws which direct and restrain the Parliament of Ireland in their ACtings, be not evaded, but ftriQly observed:

And that your Majesty would be pleased to discourage all things, which may, in any Degree, tend to lessen the Dependence of Ireland upon England.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Mr. Boscmcen also reported from the said Committee, Address re-

may, in any Degree, tend to lessen the Dependence of That they had drawn up an humble Address, to be pre-Ireland upon England. fented to his Majesty, for the discouraging the making Linen Ma_

the Woollen Manufactures in Ireland, and encouraging nufadures in the making the Linen Manufactures there; which they Ireland, had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and is as follows;

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects,

And several Amendments being proposed to be made therein; viz.

To leave out " and an open and explicit Act of DifObedience, to the Legislative Authority of this your " Kingdom of England;" and " to order Copies of the " Journals of the last Parliament, and so, from time to " time, of all succeeding Parliaments of Ireland, to be " transmitted into England, in order to be laid before the the Commons in Parliament assembled, being very sensible " Parliament here; and." that the Wealth and Power of this Kingdom do. In

Vo l. XII. ‘ 4R great

338 $0° jMii. — i°Juliu. A. 1698.

f-eat Measure, depend on the preserving the Woollen lanufacture, as much as poffihle it may be, entire to this Realm, think it becomes us, like our Ancestors, to be jealous of the Establishment and the Increase thereof e\(e-where; and to use our ntmost Endeavours to prevent it.

And therefore, we cannot without Trouble observe, That Ireland, which is dependent on, and protected by, England, in the Enjoyrtient of all they have; and which is so proper for the Linen Manufacture, the Establishment and Growth of which there would be so enriching to themselves, and so profitable to Englandshould, of late, apply itself to the Woollen Manufacture, to the great Prejudice to the Trade of this Kingdom; and so unwillingly promote the Linen Trade, which would benefit both them and us:

The Consequence whereof will necessitate your Parliament of England to interpofo, to prevent the Mischief that threatens us, unless your Majesty, by your Authority, and great Wifooin, shall find means to l'ecure the Trade of England, by making your Subjects of Ireland to pursue the joint Interest of both Kingdoms.

And we do most humbly implore your Majesty's Protection and Favour in this Matter; and that you will make it your Royal Care, and injoin all those you employ in Ireland, to make it their Care, and use their utmost Diligence, to hinder the Exportation of Wool from Ireland, except to be imported hither; and for the discouraging the Woollen Manufactures, and encouraging the Linen Manufactures, in Ireland; to which we shall always be ready to give our utmost Assistance.

And an Amendment being proposed, to leave out " it "may be;"

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree to the said Act-dress lb amended.

And the same is as follows; viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE,your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament aflernbled, being very fen-fible that the Wealth and Power of this Kingdom do, in a great Measure, depend on the preserving the Woollen Manufacture, as much as poffihle, entire to this Realm, think it becomes us, like our Ancestors, to be jealous of the Establishment and the Increase thereof elsewhere; and to use our utmost Endeavours to prevent it.

And therefore, we cannot without Trouble observe, That Ireland, which is dependent on, and protected by, England, in the Enjoyment of all they have; and which is lb proper lor the Linen Manufacture, the Establishment and Growth of which there would be so enriching to themfel ves, and so profitable to England; should, of late, apply itself to the Woollen Manufacture, to the great Prejudice of the Trade of this Kingdom; and so unwillingly promote the Linen Trade, which will benefit both them and us:

The Consequence whereof, will necessitate your Parliament of England to interpose, to prevent the Mischief that threatens us, unless your Majesty, by your Authority, and great Wisdom, shall find means to secure the Trade of England, by making your Subjects of Ireland to pursue the joint Interest of both Kingdoms.

And we do most humbly implore your Majesty's Protection and Favour in this Matter; and that you will make it your Royal Care, and injoin all those you employ in Ireland, to make it their Care, and use their utmost Diligence, to hinder the Exportation of Wool from Ireland; except to be imported hither; and for the discouraging the Woollen Manufactures, and encouraging the Linen Manufactures, in Ireland; to which wfe Ihtdl always be ready to give our utmost Assistance.

Resolved, That the said Addrefe be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council, do humbly k,now his Majesty's Plealurc, when he will be attended by this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frdnklyn and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

We are to acquaint this House, That John Dumaistre, Dumaiftre*» who Hands impeached by. this House, hath put in his ,mPeach-Answer to the Articles against him, and therein confessed ment* himself guilty, iwhich Confession their Lordships have recorded; and ordered him to be taken into Cuitbdy.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to acquaint them, That whereas John Dumaistre and John Aur riall, Hand impeached, before the Lords, of High Crimes arid Misdemeanors; and the Lords have acquainted this House, That the said John Dumaistre hath put in his Answer; this House desires to know, what has been done by the Lords, in relation to the said John

Ordered, That Sir Rowland Gwy do carry the said Message.

Sir William Brozvnlow attending in his Place, according Petition re-to Order; spefHng a

The Petition relating to him was read; setting forth, Member. That #

And he was heard thereupon.

Sir Tho. Littleton, according to Order, reported, from Supply Rill; the Committee, of the whole House to whom the Bill for Duties on taking away half the Duties lately impofod onGlass-warcs, ^afs> &c. and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthenwares, and Tobacco-pipes; and for granting, in lieu thereof, new Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout} and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with an Amendment made by the House, as to one of the said Amendments, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, That he having been at Lords Answer the Lords with the Message relating to John Auriall, the to Message. Lords answered, That as soon as the Articles of Impeachment against John Dumaistre and John Auriall were brought up to their Lordships, they had sent to the House of the said John Auriall, to inquire for him; and were informed, That he had been gone Five Weeks before into Holland.

Resolved, That this House, will Tomorrow Morning, Duties on resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Low consider of the Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others chargeable with the Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Veneris, 1# die; Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

SI R Francis Massam reported from the Committee, Ship Sally to whom the Bill to give Leave to the Ship Sally ®°®s*

Rose, formerly taken as Prize, to arrive, and import her Lading, and to trade as an English-buWt Ship, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he ‘ delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Boscawen acquainted the House, That his Majesty King ap-having been attended to know his Pleasure, when he would b*

hn

Supply Bill; Duties on Glds, &c.

Report of Conference.

Ship Sally Role.

Duties on Low Wines.

Answers to Addresses.

.10 w. hi.

be attended by this House, his Majesty bad been pleased to appoint this Afternoon at Three a Clock, at

Kensington.

An ingrossed Bill for taking away half the Duties lately imposed on Glass-wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes; and for granting, in lieu thereof, new Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen; was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were proposed to be made;

Pr. 4. L. 23, and 29, by leaving out " ,"

and inferring " December," instead thereof:

And the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for taking away half the Duties lately it> poled on Glass-wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes; and for granting, in lieu thereof new Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch- Linen.

Ordered, That Sir Tho. Littleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report of the free Conference be made Tomorrow Morning.

O

An ingrossed Bill to give Leave to the Ship Sally formerly taken as Prize, to arrive, and import her Lading, and to trade as an English-buWl Ship, was read the Third time.

Refobed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to give Leave to the Ship Sally Rose, formerly taken as Prize, to arrive, and import her Lading, and to trade as an English-built Ship.

Ordered, That Sir FrancisMaffam do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others chargeable with the Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Norris took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Noiris reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Ten a Clock.

Sabbati, 2* die Julii;

Decimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Pkayers.

MR. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Yesterday attend his Majesty, with their Addresses: And that, to the First Address, his Majesty was pleased to answer to this Effefct;

Gentlemen,

I will take care, that what is complained of may be prevented, and redressed, as you desire.

And that, to the Second Address, his Majesty was pleased to answer to this Effect;

Gentlemen,

I shall do all that in me lies to discourage the Woollen Manufacture in Ireland, and to encourage the Linen Manufacture there; and to promote5 the Trade of

England.

Vol. XII.

Sir Rowland Crwyn, according to Order, reported the Accommo* free Conference with the Lords, the 21 It of June last, relating to the Impeachments of John and others, p^hment.

as followethj viz.

That the Members of this House, who were commanded to manage the free Conference with the Lords, on Tuesday the 2 ill of June last, did meet their Lordlliips in the Painted Chamber:

And the Conference was begun by the Managers of this House: Who did acquaint the Lords, That the Commons had desired this free Conference, in order to maintain a good Correspondence with their Lordships; and could not doubt the Sincerity of their Lordships Intentions towards that End:

That the Good and Welfare of this Kingdom, in great measur, depend upon it; and that it is as much their Lordships Interest, as the Commons, to continue it:

And therefore, the Commons might reasonably hope, That their Lordships would wave all such Resolutions as might occasion, or tend to, any Difference between the Two Houses:

That the Matter now in Question does arise from a Message, sent by the Commons, to their Lordlliips, on the 6th of this Instant, desiring that a convenient Place might be appointed for the Managers of the Impeachments against John Goudet, and others, as is usual; and their Lordships Answers thereunto:

That the having such a Conveniency appointed, is absolutely necessary for the Commons; whereby, they may be the better enabled to make good their Charge against them:

That the Persons impeached are Eight in Number; and the Commons have many Witnesses, Books, and Papers, to produce, to make good their Charge; which probably may continue the Tryals for feme Days:

That all Tryals are in open Court; and that it will be impossible for the Commons to be defended from the Crowd; or to produce their Evidence, and make use of it in such Manner, and Method, as would be necessary; or bear the Fatigue of the Tryals; if they had not convenient Accommodation provided for them:

That the Commons are a Part of the Legislature; and, if they must be let upon a Level with the meanest of ths People, it would be a Diminution to their Lordships Honour, who are another Part of it, to treat them with Disrespect:

That the Legislature consists of Three Parts, King,

Lords, and Commons; and they are mutually concerned to liipport each other's Honour and Dignity; and whatever Slight, or Disrespect, is shewed to any one of them, ought to be relented by the other Two:

That all Courts of Justice do provide convenient Accommodation for the Prosecutors, in all Tryals whatsoever; and the Lords, in the Tryal of the Lord Mohun, did appoint a convenient Place for the King's Counsel: Wherefore, the Commons cannot believe, That their Lordships will have more Regard to particular Gentlemen of the Long Robe, than a Committee of the House of Commons:

That the Commons ought, of Right, to have a convenient Place appointed for their Managers, in all Tryals upon Impeachments; and such Provision was made for them, in the Tryals of the Earl of Strafford, and Lord Viscount Stafford:

That the Lords did propose to the Commons, That a convenient Place for their Managers should be provided, in the House where their Lordlliips now fit, upon the Tryal of the Earl of Strafford.

That the Distinction made by their Lordships, at the last Conference, between Tryals for Trealbn, and Tryals for Misdemeanors, cannot avail in the present Cafe; for that the Nature of the Crime can only relate to the Punishment due for the fame; and does not alter, or change, the Nature of the Court:

That the House of Lords are, to all Intents, the Lore*

Court in Westminster-hall, as in any other Room, or

Place;

Accommodation of the House at Im-peachmemta.

2° Julii.

A. 1698.

340

Place 1 and have the same jurisdiction; the Room where the Lords now fit is not essentially necessary to the Constitution; the Lords were a Court before that Room was built; and the same Deference is paid to the House of Lords in one Place, as another; and, if there be Reason for a Conveniency in one Place, the same Reason holds for another; The Commons have shewed Precedents; and though the Precedents do not fully come up to the Point in Question, yet they are'Precedents for any thing within the same Reason:

That the Commons may, of Right, appear at Tryals upon Impeachments, as a House, or by a Committee of the whole House, as they think fit; and that, in regard this is a Matter of great Consequence to the Trade of this Kingdom, they do intend to appear by a Committee of the whole House, upon this Tryal:

That the Message of the Commons, desiring a convenient Place might be appointed for the Managers, as usual, doth imply, That such Conveniency hath been often provided, as appears by the Precedents quoted; though, perhaps, not always: And therefore, the Commons conceive, That the Precedent of the Lord , upon

the Journals, is not sufficient to bar them of that Conveniency:

That all Tryals for Misdemeanors have not been at the Bar of the House of Lords:

That the Charge, and the Substance of the Evidence, against Sir Giles Mompesson, and the other Persons concerned with him, was delivered, by the Commons, at a Conference; and the Lords appointed Committees, to examine the Witnesses, to make good that Charge; the Examinations were reported to the House, and Copies sent to the Parties accused; and upon their giving in their Answers, the Lords proceeded to Judgment; without any Tryal at the Bar:

That the like was done in the Cafes of the Earl of Middkftx, who was Lord Treasurer of England; and the Lord Viscount St. Albans, who was Lord Chancellor:

That if Misdemeanors can be tried, only at the Bar of the House where their Lordships now fit, and that House should happen to be burnt, or the Parliament should be summoned to meet at any other Place; then, no Person could be tried, upon any Impeachment, for Misdemeanor:

That 'tis not proper for the Commons to appoint the Place where the Tryal should be; but, where-ever it is appointed, they judge it reasonable and fitting, that those Members of the House of Commons, who have the Management of that Tryal, and act not for their private Profit, but the Publick Good, should have better Accommodation than those that appear for their Fees:

That the Matter of Proof, in same of Misdemeanor, may be as long as in the same of Treason; and the Rea-fons for Conveniency and Accommodation fdt the Managers are as strong in the one same as the other:

That the Methods of Justice are not Things of Ceremony, but Things of Right; or they are not at all to be insisted upon:

That foe Commons are not in their own Power, as Counfd at foe Bar, having a greater Trust upon them; and, there being Eight Persons to be tried, it may be impossible for foe Strength of Nature to epdure it, without an Accommodation suitable to foe Occasion:

That foe Commons do not think it will be any Diminution to foe Jurisdiction of foe House of Lords, to appoint a convenient Place for the Commons to manage their Evidence: The higher the Court is, there is more Reason that Tryals, in that Court, should be managed, with foe greatest Decency, and least Disturbance:

That if there be no Precedent, that this Conveniency was ever aiked, there can be none, that it ever was denied: It is a Circumstance of Action, to be regulated by the Variety of Accidents; and it is time enough for the Commons to a(k a Remedy for an Inconvenience, as soon as they either apprehend or feel it:

That, for foefe Reafotis, the Commons do insist upon their having a convenient Place appointed for the Managers of the Impeachments against John and

others; whereby, they may be foe better enabled to make good their Charge against them.

The Managers for foe Lords, who spoke at this Conference, were, the Earls of Rochester and and the Lord Godolphin: And the Substance of what was said by the Managers of the Lords, was;

That the Lords meet the Commons with as great a Desire of maintaining a good CorrelpOndence between both Houses, as foe Commons can have; and that they hope the Commons will not doubt of their Sincerity:

That the Commons cannot think, That the denying them a convenient Accommodation looks like a Difre-spefit; becausethey are defended from it by the Constitution; and by their Persons, as well as their Characters: That the Point in Question is grounded upon the First Message; which was, to desire a convenient Place for the Managers, as was usual: and foe Commons have insisted a great deal more upon the Reasonablenels of the Thing, and the Conveniency of it, than its being usual; and if a Message bad been sent, in the Terms that the Commons seem to argue upon, possibly there would not have been that Difference of Opinion, as hitherto:

That the Crimes the Commons have accused the Per fens of cannot be more odious to foe Commons than they are to the Lords; and foe Lords are as ready to judge upon them, as foe Commons are to prosecute:

That if there happens to be any Difference, or Impediment, it will arise from the Commons desiring foraething that is not usual, and infilling upon it as usual; and the Hindrance of this Prosecution will lie at their Doors that insist upon a Thing as usual, when 'tis not proved to be fe:

That this Thing has not been usual, in the Manner the Commons have aiked it, does appear, by the several Precedents in foe Cafes of the Attorney-General, who was impeached by the Commons in the Year 1641; Bynion, and Goumey Lord Mayor of Lo, who were impeached

in 1642; and Archbishop Laud, impeached in 1643:

That there is no Mention in the Lords Journals, of any such Message sent, nor of any Provision made for foe Commons, upon these Tryals:

That several Lords and Commons do well remember, That divers Members of the House of Commons came to tire Bar of foe Lords House, to manage the Evidence against the Lord Viscount Morda, who was impeached in foe Year 1666; and that no such Message was sent, nor any Provision made for them:

That if any such Message had been sent by the Commons, upon foefe Impeachments, or Provision made for them, it were almost impossible but it would have been entered in foe Lords Journals:

That the Lords own, That foe Crime being Misdemeanor, or Treason, does not alter foe Cafe; foe Crime rather concerns foe Person that is accused, than the Prosecutors, or Judges:

That foe Messagp sent by the Commons, in the Earl of Strafford's, Cafe, was to desire their Lordships would take care to find a Conveniency for both Houses; which does seem to imply, That the Commons did, from foe Beginning, think, that the Tryal would be in feme other Place than the House of Lords;

That foe Lords do not find, by their Precedents, that it has been usual: If it had been aiked as a Conveniency, at first; possibly, it might have been otherwise than it is; and the Common?, intending to come as a Committee of foe whole House, may alter the same:

That the Reasonableness of what is desired by the Commons was never considered by the Lords; for they were bound up to consider nothing but what was usual:

That Matters of Form are essential to Government; and 'ris of Consequence to be in foe Right:

That all foe Reason for Forms is Custom; and the Law of Forms i* Practice; and Reason is quite out of 14 Doors :-

10 W. III. 2* Julii.341

Doors: Some particular Customs may not be grounded on as this present Prosecution, it is not to be doubted, but Accomnw* upon Reason, and no good Account can be given of their Lordships would have made some Provision for it: dation for

them; and yet, many Nations are zealous for them; and That the Commons speak very feelingly; for they are a*

Englishmenare as zealous as any others, to purlue their incommoded to that degree, in Half an Hour's time, at me^c old Forms and Methods: this Conference, that it is a very sensible Argument of

That when the Commons appoint a Committee, to the Necessity, that some Conveniency should be provided manage in the same of Misdemeanor, there is but a small for them at the Tryals:

Number; which does not require the Room that is necef- That the Commons have tried other Methods, without fary for a Committee of the whole House; but, in Mat- Success; and, if this Prosecution drops, it is to be feared, ters of Treason, every Man is willing to hear, and the there will be a total Failure of Justicein Parliament: w hole House of Commons ought to hear, that they may That if the Commons have departed from their First the better know how to give their Votes: So, there is a Message, by insisting upon the Reasonableness of having manifest Distinction between the whole House, and a Com- such a Conveniency provided for them, their Lordships inittee, however considerable; the whole House is more seem to allow the Realbns to be good, by not giving any so than any Part; and those that are sent must be inferior Answer to them:

to the whole Hody that fends them: And, if the Commons have gone upon that Point, in-

That the Words " as usual" being in the Commons Head of the Usage, it may give another Understanding of Message, the Lords could look upon nothing but what the Matter: for, if Reaibn be on the Commons Side, it was usual, though never so just and reasonable in itself; is not to' be questioned, but it will have a good Effect and the Commons have not proved it usual, by^Prece- with the Lords:

dents exactly squaring to this same: The Precedents pro- That it would be a Lefiening to the Lords, to suppose duced by the Lords shew, That nothing of this kind was them greater in one Place than another; they have the ever done in like Cafes: same Honour where-ever they are; and the Commons

That if the Commons Message had been grounded will pay all the Respect that hath been paid to the Lords; upon the Conveniency and Reason of the Thing, the and hope the Lords will afford the same Conveniency to Lords would have been compliant: the Commons that hath been heretofore provided upon

That the Tryal of the Lord Mordaunt, in 1666, pro- Impeachments: ceeded so far, as to decide this Point in Question: That if the Commons should allow, That they have not

That if the Commons come, in a Committee of the the same Right to a Conveniency in the House of Lords* whole House, there may be a Door for an Accommoda- which they claim in , and a like Dispute

tion; which comes up to the Precedent of the Earl of should happen upon an Impeachment to be tried in Strafford: For there ought to be another fort of Accom- Hejiminster-hall, the Commons apprehend, that their modution provided, when the whole House comes, than Lordships might deny them such Conveniency, by affirm-for a Committee to manage the Evidence: ing, That they are the same Lords in

That, liippofing the Commons had reason on their as in the House wherein they now fit; and therefore Side, this is a mixed Cafe; and nothing ought to be im- ought not to be allowed any other Conveniency in puted to the House of Lords: That they endeavour to minster-ha, than in the House of Lords: put it upon this Foot, that the House may have Reason That all Courts provide convenient Accommodations and Custom to proceed on, by taking Notice of what w as for the Prisoner and Prosecutor: It is a Part of universal said by the Commons, That they intend to come in a Justice: And therefore it is to be prefuined, that the Committee of the whole House: Lords, who are so High and Honourable a Court, will

That though the Lords should allow the Reason of the not deny it:

Thing, yet reason is proper to be urged, only to prove a That the Lords and Commons fat together in the Court Thing reasonable: But when, from Reaibn, you would of Requdts, then called Camera Alba, in the same of urge it as a Precedent, which you do not prove, but by Gomenes and Weslon.

Reason; you may prove it a reasonable Thing, but you

cannot prove it a precedented Thing. Mr. Norris, according to Order, reported from the Duties on

The Managers for the Commons, byway of Reply, Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to Low Wins*, laid: prevent the Frauds and Abuses of Distillers, and others

That if the Commons were allowed, of Right, to chargeable with the Duties upon low Wines, and Spirits, hare a Conveniency provided for them in the Cafes of was committed, the Amendments, made by the Com-the Earl of Strafford, and Viscount Stafford, at their mittee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and Trials in Weslmbijler-kall; — though their Lordships call afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the

it Westminster-hall, yet the Commons call it the House of same were once read throughout; and then a Second Lords; and their Lordships can call it otherwise; for time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put their Lordships mult aft as such, or they cannot pass thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Judgment; — the House does not constitute the Lords, A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That but the Lords the House: — So that, ithaving been allow- *

ed in those Cafes, the Commons think they may demand And the same was twice read, with Blanks; and the Blanks it as usual: were filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put

That, if no Precedent could be produced, it is so thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill, reasonable, and necessary, that their Lordships cannot, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in Justice, deny the Commons having such a Conve- ingrossed. niency: That Necessity makes Precedents; and that in this Cafe, there are not only Precedents, but Necessity Ordered, That the Officers and Door-keepers of this Impeach, too: House do attend in Westminster-hall upon Monday Morn- meDt of

That the word " usual" ought to be understood as it is ing next, at the Place appointed for the Committee of honguevi e. in all Cases, where a Prosecutor is accommodated with this House, to be present at the Tryal of Peter Longucville, such Conveniencies as may enable him to carry on the upon the Impeachment against him; and do take care,

Prosecution with Effect: that none but Members be admitted into that Place.

That the Precedents mentioned by their Lordships do not make for them; because the Journals are lilent as A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and to what Provision was made for the Commons, in those Mr. Meredith:

Cafes: Mr. Speaker,

That if no particular Provision was made for the Com- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Trafford'* mons in the same of the Lord Mordaunt; yet, if that for enabling HwnphreyTraffdrdJLfquirt to raileFour thou- Estate*

Cafe had been attended with such Circumstances as would sand Pounds upon his Estate, for Payment of his Debts, have made that Trval to have been as difficult to be carried without any Amendment: Also,

342

2* — 4° Jutii

A, 1698.

Ships Ruby, &c.

The Lords have agreed. to the Bill, intituled, An Act, That the Ships called the Ruby-Prize, and Plimouth, may have Freedom of trading as built Ships, with-

out any Amendment: Also,

Lords desire The Lords desire, That this House will continue fitting the house to for feme time longer, continue fitting.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will continue fitting for some time, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That a Meffuge be lent to the Lords,- to ac- Message kj quaint them, That this House, with their Speaker, do Lords" that intend, immediately, to come to the House of Lords, to demand Judgment against John , and others:

And therefore desire. That the Painted Ghamlier, and Passageto the Lords House, may be cleared.

Ordered, That Mr. Norris do carry the said Message.

House intend to demand Judgment.

Conference 'wUh Loid«.

Trial of

Longueville

postponed.

again;

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Cook and Sir and Mr. Richard Halford;

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ship Sally A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. to give Leave to the Ship formerly taken as llofe*

Meredeth: Prize, to arrive, and import her lading, and to trade as

Mr. Speaker, an English built Ship, without any Amendment: Also,

The Lords do desire a present Conference with this The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Supply Bill;

" " ' ‘ ' - Duties Oil

Glass, 6ic.

i u 7 r

House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter for taking away half the Duties lately imputed on Glass-

of the Impeachment now depending.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a present Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

wares, and the whole Duties lately laid on Stone and Earthen-wares, and Tobacco-pipes; and for granting, in lieu thereof, new Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen; without any Amendment.

Mr. Speaker,

We are to acquaint this House, That the Lords are Message from ready to give Judgment against John Goudct, Bur- Lords that

rau, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Nicholas Sant ini, ll, ty are re*

Peter Diharce, John Pierce, and John who

stand impeached by this House, if this House will, with their Speaker, come to demand it.

Mr. Norris reported, That he having been at the Lords An-, - . - _ , Lords with the said Message, the Lords gave Answer, ‘"'er

and acquainted them. That the qqiat foey would give effectual Orders, That the Painted sage'

li<i frv K I I rvnfr\ /vl f /\w\ *nr\ne , . m w w.

Chamber, and the Passages to their House, shall be cleared immediately.

Resolved, That this House will, with Mr. Speaker and Judgment the Mace, go up to the Bar of the Lords House; and, demanded, in the Name of the Knights,. Citizens and Burgesses, in

Speaker acquainted them therewith

Ordered, That the former Managers of the former Conference do manage the said Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir RowlandGuyti reported the Conference: That it

was managed by the Lord Godolphin; Who said, That the Lords did desire to do all Things necessary to continue a good Coirelpoudeiice} and acquainted thei Lords having tent a Message to the House of Commons, on the 28th of June, to acquaint them that their Lordships would proceed to the Tryal of the Persons impeached upon Monday next; and having afterwards acquainted them, that Eight of the said Persons had pleaded guilty; the Lords desired the said Conference, to let them know, That so much of their Lord ships Time has been

Parliament afi'embled, and of all the Commons of England, demand Judgment against John Goudct, David

necessarily taken up in informing themselves of the Substance of the Persons who have pleaded guilty, in order rail, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas,

to their giving Judgment upon their Crimes; that it will Peter Diharce, Merchants, John Gentleman, and

not be possible for the Lords to be ready for the Tryal of Merchant, impeached of High Crimes

n . T *it_ Jf___I______* onri (\ J iblomnon r\r*c nf lrluoK fBmr liotro oAnf/dlnrl thorn.

Peter Longueville upon Monday next.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Ten a Clock.

Luna, 4* die Julii; Decimo Gulielmi 3UL

Address fer parct-fling certain 1'er-fons.

Prayers.

and Mil'demeanors, of which they have confefied themselves guilty.

Accordingly, the House, with Mr. Speaker with the Mace, went up to the Bar of the Lords House; and, by Mr. Speaker, demanded the said Judgment.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That he had, in the Name of the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled, and of all the Commons of England, demanded Judgment against John Goudet, David Bar rate, Stephen Seignoret, Rene Baudovin, Nicholas Santini, Peter Diharce,

Duties on L9W Wines.

Tapers, See.

TiESOLVED, That an humble Address be presented Merchants, John Peirfe Gentleman, and * to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are Merchant, impeached of High Crimes anti Mifdeinea-of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That nors, of which they have confefied themselves guilty: his Majesty would please to grant a Pardon to Peter Ba- And that the Lords had given Judgment against John j'illau, and Dina Mason, for their corresponding with Goudet, That he should pay to our Sovereign Lord the France, by way of Trade; they having made a full Dif- King the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds; and that lid covery of that Trade: And that his Majesty will protect shall be imprisoned in Next gate, there to be kept in lale them against any Prosecutions, for any Offences by them and close Custody, jintil he shall have paid the said Fine: committed during the War. That David Barrau shall pay unto our Sovereign Lord

the King the Sum of Five hundred Pounds; and that he An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Frauds and Abuses of shall be imprisoned in Newgate, there to be kept in sale Distillers, and others chargeable with the Duties upon and close Custody, until he shall have paid the said Fine: low Wines, and Spirits, was read the Third time. That Stephen Seignoret shall pay unto our Sovereign

Ordered, That the Bill do lie upon the Table. Lord the King the Sum of Ten thousand Pounds; and that

he shall be imprisoned in Newgate, there to be kept in fate A Petition of John Goudet and David Barrauwas pre- and close Custody, until he shall have paid the said Fine:

of impeached Tented to the House, and read; letting forth, That they Persons. lrad tlhjir Books and Papers taken from them about Twelve Months ago; and since, the same have been laid before a Committee of this Honourable House: And praying, That the same may be forthwith restored to them.

Ordered, That the said Books and Papers be delivered to

That Rene Baudovin shall pay unto our Sovereign Lord the King the Sum of Three thousand Pounds; and that he shall be imprisoned in Newgate, there to be kept in lafc and close Custody, until he Oia.ll have paid the said Fine: That Nicholas Santinylhall pay unto our Sovereign. Lord the King the Sum of Fifteen hundred Pounds; and that he shall be imprisoned in Newgate, there to be kept

One of his Majesty's Principal Secretaries of State, from in lafe and close Custody, until he shall have paid the w hom the same were had. said Fine:

That

to W.III. 4" — -50 yuhi 343

That Peter T)ihareeQ\&W pay untd our Sovereign Lord the King the Sum of One thouiaiul Pounds; and that he shall be imprisoned in Next gate, there to be kept in fete and dole Custody, until be shall have paid the said Fine:

Tlmt John Pfirfe shall pay unto oui> Sovereign Lord the King the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and that he shall be imprisoned in Nthere to be kept in sese andclofe Custody, until be shall-have paid the said Fine; an l for the Term of One whole year afterwards:

That John DumaistreIhall pay unto our Sovereign Lord

the King the Sum of One thousand Pounds; and that he shall be imprisoned in Next gate, there to be kept in sese and close Custody, until he shall have paid the said Fine.

Application Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his pofedon,m* by such Members of this House as are of his Ma-

Goudet, tec. jetty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That the Fines set by the Lords upon John and others, who have been

impeached, may be appropriated to Hospital.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Nine a Clock.

Martis, 5° die Julii; Decimo Gulielmi 3th.

Prayers.

Supply Bill; A MESSAGE from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook Payment of and Sir Richard

Annuities. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for raising a Sum, not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities, alter the Kate of Eight Pounds,

per Centum, per Anmnii; and for settling the Trade to the East Indies-, without any Amendment.

And then the Meffeogers withdrew.

Mr. Secretary Vernon reported to the House, That, Answer to his Majesty having been attended with their Address, Addrest. That he would please to grant a Pardon to Peter tau, and Dinah Mason, for their corresponding with

by way of Trade; and that he Would protest them against any Prosecutions, for any Offences by them committed during the War; his Majesty Yvas pleased to say,

He would give Order for such Pardons to be prepared; and that he would protest them, according to the Desire of this House.

Mr. Secretary Vernon also reported to the House, That, his Majesty having been attended with their Address,

That the Fines of John Goudet, and others, who have been impeached, might be appropriated to Greenwich Hospital, his Majesty was pleased to command him to acquaint this House, That those Fines should be accordingly'-applied.

A Message from his Majesty, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy- Message to Ulher of the Black Rod: attend the

Mr. Speaker, K'u°"

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to Royal Assent attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased to give to Bills, the lloyai Assent to several publick and private Bills;

And to make a gracious Speech to both Houses.

And afterwards, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Parliament Command, prorogued the Parliament until Tuesday the ProroSued' Second Day of August next.

Bv the KING.

A PROCLAMATION

For Diflolving this present Parliament, and Declaring the speedy Calling another.

Proclamation WILLIAM It.

Paihament^ WH ERE AS We have thought fit, for divers im-ramamen . p0rjanj an(j weinlity Considerations, by and w'ith the

Advice of our Privy-Council, to dissolve this present Parliament, which now stands prorogued to Tuesday the Second Day of August next; We do, for that End, publish this Our Royal Proclamation; and do hereby dissolve the said present Parliament accordingly: And the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the said Parliament, are discharged from their meeting upon Tuesday the said Second Day of August. And, to the Intent Our good Subjects may perceive the Confidence We have in their Affections, and how desirous We are to meet Our People, and have their Advice in Parliament, We do hereby make known to Our said Subjects, That We do intend to give Directions to Our Chancellor, for the issuing out of Writs, in due Form of Law, for the Calling a new Parliament; which shall begin and be holden at Westminster, on Wednesday the Tw enty-fourth Day of August next.

Given at our Court at Kensington, the Seventh Day of July 1698, in the Tenth Year of Our Reign.

GOD save the Kin g.

Iifuing out of Writs, in due Form of Law-, for Calling a new Parliament; which should begin and be holden at Westminster, on Wednesday the Twenty-fourth Day of this Instant August: And whereas, since that Time, Writs have accordingly issued, returnable on the said Twenty-fourth Day of this instant August; We, by the Advice of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, for weight)' Reasons us thereunto moving, do hereby publish and declare, That the said Parliament shall not, upon the said Twenty-fourth Day of August, fit for the Dispatch of Business, but shall be then prorogued to the Twenty-seventh Day of September next: Whereof the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, and all others whom it may concern, may take Notice; we letting them know, That the Attendance of any of them on the said Tw enty-fourth Day of August will not be expected, but of such who, being in and about the Cities of London and Westminster, may attend the making the said Prorogation, in such manner as heretofore, in like Cafes, has been accustomed: And we do hereby further declare, That convenient Notice shall be given, by Proclamation, of the time when the Parliament shall be holden and fit for the Dispatch of Business; to the end, that the Members of both Houses may order their Affairs accordingly.

Given at the Court at Whitehall, the Ninth Day of August 1698, in the Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

GOD save the Kin g.

By the Lords Justices.

A PROCLAMATION. the Lords Justices.

Proclamation for proroguing Parliament*

Tho. Caniuar. Sommers C. Pembroke C. P. S. Dc~ vonshire, Marlborough, Romney, Orford, Cha. Montague.

WHEREAS his Majesty, by his Royal Proclamation, of the Seventh Day of July lan, did declare his Royal Intention to give Directions to the Lord Chancellor, "for

Vol. XII.

A PROCLAMA TION.

Tho. Caniuar. Sommers C. Marlborough, Romney Cha. Montague.

WHEREAS this present Parliament stands prorogued Proclamation to the Twenty-ninth Day of this instant November; for meeting of and it being his Majesty's Pleasure, That the same Par- Parliament'

liament

The Three following printed Proclamations arc inserted in the Journal.

344 —

liament shall, upon the said Twenty-ninth Day of November, be held and fit for the Dispatch of divers weighty and important Affairs: We therefore, with the Advice of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, have thought fit to issue this Proclamation, for declaring and publishing the fame: And all the Lords Spiritual and Temporal, and all the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, of the House of Commons, are hereby required and com-

A. 1698.

manded to give their Attendance, accordingly, at Westminster, on the said Twenty-ninth Day of this Instant November.

Given at the Court at Whitehall, the Third Day of November 1698, in the Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign.

GOD save the King.

Journals

345

Lord

Steward's

Deputation.

Parliament

jneets.

J O U R N A L S

OF THE

HOUSE of COMMONS.

: TfJILLI[AM Duke of Devonshire, Ste]ward of his Majesty's Houshold, one of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council,] and Knight of the most Noble Order of the [Garter,] To all to whom these [Presents] shall come, Greeting. Know ye, That I, the said Lord Steward, by virtue of my said Office, have constituted, named, and appointed, and, by these Presents, do constitute, name, and appoint, the Right Honourable John Earl of Bridgwater, the Right Honourable Peregrine Bertie Esquire, Vice-Chamberlain to his Majesty, the Right Honourable Sir Henry Goodrich Baronet, the Right Honourable John Smith Esquire, or any Three, Two, or One, of them, my Deputies, and Deputy, in my place and Head, to tender and administer the Oaths'mentioned in the Statute, made in the First Year of the Reign of his now Majesty and the late Queen , intituled, An Act for removing and preventing all Questions and Disputes concerning the Assembling and Sitting of this present Parliament, according to the Direction of the said Statute, or any other Statute or Statutes directing the taking the said Oaths before me, to all and every Person which is, or shall be, elected or appointed a Knight,

Citizen, or Burgess, or Baron of any of the Five Ports, for the Parliament summoned to begin, and to be holden, at Westminster, upon the Four-and-twentiethof August Instant; and to take and receive the said Oaths of every such Person and Persons: Giving to them, my laid Deputies, and Deputy, or any Three, Two, or One, of them, full Power and Authority to execute and perform the fame; and ratifying and confirming all and whatsoever my laid Deputies, or any Three, Two, or One, of them, shall do and perform, in this behalf; in as ample Manner as if I myself had been personally present, and done the fame. In Testimony whereof, I have hereunto fetmy Hand and Seal. Given under my Hand and Seal, this Nineteenth Day of August, in the Tenth Year of the Reign of our Sovereign Lord William the Third, by the Grace of God, of England, Scotland, France, and Ireland, King, Defender of the Faith, fyc. Armoque Donuni 1698.

(L.S.) Devonshire.

Sealed and delivered

in the Presence of

' ». mU. WiUbye,

Aa. Kinton.

24° Die Augusti; 10° Guli elmi Regis; Annoque Domini 1698.

THE Parliament meeting, pursuant to the before-annexed Proclamation, and to the Writs which had issued for that Purpose; and the most noble William Duke of Devonshire, Lord Steward of his Majesty's

Houshold, having made the First before-annexed Coin-mission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, bearing Date the Nineteenth Day of August Instant, for administring the Oaths appointed to be taken by the Members of the House of Commons; and the Right Honourable the Earl of Bridgwater, Peregrine Bertie Vice-Chamberlain, Sir Henry Goodrick, and John Smith Esquire,

the Commissioners, in the said Commission named, attending in the Rooms belonging to the Clerk of the House of Commons, called the Inner Court of Wards, the usual Place for administring the said Oaths, at the Opening of a Parliament; and Thomas Chute Esquire, the Clerk of the Crown in Chancery, delivering in a Book of the Names of the Members who had been returned; and Paul Jodrell Esquire, the Clerk of the House of Commons, and Mr. Needier, his Clerk Assistant, and other his Clerks, attending; the said Commissioners administred the Oaths appointed to such Members as appeared: Who being informed, that the Parliament was to be prorogued, by Writ directed to the Lords and Commons, they went directly, without going into the House of Commons, or expelling any Message from the Lords, to the House of Peers: Where the Writ for proroguing the Parliament Voe. XII.

until the Twenty seventh Day of September next was read: and is as followeth; viz.

Tho. Cantuar', Pembroke C. P. S. Devonshire, Mark- Parliament

borough, Romney, Orford, Cha\ . Prorogued.

Gulielmus Tertius, Dei gra', Anglias, Scotiae, Francis,

& Hibemias, Rex, Fidei Deienlor, &c. prsedileQis & fidelibus noftris prtelatis, magnatibus, & proceribus, regni nostri Angli®, ac diledtis & fidelibus noftris militibus, civibus, & burgenfibus, dicti regni nostri, ad parliamen-tum nostrum apud civitat' noftram Westm', vicesimo quarto die instantis mensis Augusti inchoand' 8t tenend', convocatis, & electis, & vestrum cuilibet, salutem. Cum nos, pro quibufdain arduis & urgentibus negotiis, nos, statum & defenfionem dicti regni Angli®, ac ecelefi® Anglicans, concernentibus, dictum parliamentum nostrum ad diem & locum prsdidt' teneri ordinavimus; ac vobis, per separal' brevia nostra apud civitat' & diem prsed' interelfe mandavimus, ad tradtand', consentiend', & concludend', super iis, qus in dicto parliamento noftro tunc & ibidem proponerent' & tradtarent'; quibufdain tamen certis de caufis, & considerationibus, nos ad pr®-fens specialiter moyen', dict' parliament' nostrum usque vicesim' feptim' Septembris prox' futur' duxiuius proro-gand'; ita quod nec Vt s, nec aliquis vestrum, ad didtum vicesiiu' quart' diem Augusti, apud civitat' pneditt' com-

4 T pare re

34*

240 Aug. — 1']° Sept. — 27° Oct.

A. 1698.

parere teneamini, feu ardemini: Voluraus enim, vos, & quemlibet vestrum, iudeerga nos penitus exonerari; mandates, & tenore prafentiu' firniitcr injungend' praeci-pientes vob', & cuilibet vestrum, aq> omnibus aids, qpibus in hac Bar* intcrfit, qyod ad did' vicesimuin sept' diem Sept', £pud prted',civitat' Westm', personalit' comparaatis & interims, k qifitibet vestrum -compareat ft inUucHt, ad tracland', faciend', agend', ft concludend', super iis, quae in dido parliamento noftro, de communi consilio

didi regni nostri, favente Deo, contigerint ordinari. Teltibus, Tho' archiepifeopo Cant', & caeteris custodibus ftjusticiar' regni, apud Weltm',decimoodavo die Augusti, anno regni nostri. deeip0-

t Chute.

‘rogand*

Ii4ve ad p^rlia jlent', de< jgrimrf summoditione pro-

Chute.

Parliament

further prorogued.

27° Die Septembris; 10° Gulielmi Regis; Anno 1698.

QUCtf ftfynbtjrs as this Day append idnginfiWl, hrdemV*i|, voleh^eSB vol, ac quemlibet ve^rums jn<le O 'That the-Parliament was to-be again-prorogued, erga ndfe penitus. eipneferi; ft peiSidenv br^ve noftriftn

Writ directed to the Lords and Commons, they went to vob' & cuilibet vestrum, ad hunc instantein vicelimum the House of Peers: Where the Writ for proroguing feptim' diem Septembris apud civitat' predict' comparere the Parliament until the 27th Day of October next was & interesse nuperrime mandavimus, ad tradand', faciend', read: " ' J"J*

A Copy of which Writ is as followeth;

Tho. Gantaar, Dorfit, R&rkney, Chd Moufitagv:

agend', & concludend*, super iis, quae' iiicfido parliamento noftro contigerint ordinari; quibufdam tamen certis ur-gentibus de caufis, ft considerationibus, nos ad hoc spe-cialit' moventibus, diduni parliament': ooftrum ab hoc instanti vicefkqo feptimq die Septemb' usque ad & in Gulieknhs Tertiu*, Dei gra', Angl',/Sco', FrancijS,ft vicesim um feptim' . diem Odobris proxinfe futur* uft' Hibernie, Rex, Fidei Defenfor, &c. prediledis ;ft fideli-: duximus prorogand'; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis vef--bti& noftris preeidtis, maghatibus, & proceribus, regni trum, ad hunc instantem vicesim' feptim' diem Septem-

bris apod civitat' praedid' comparere teneamini, feu ardemini: Voiumus enim, vos, ft quemlibet vestrum, Jnde erga nos penitus exonerari; mandantes, & tenore prcefentium firmiter injungendo praecipientes vobis, & cqilibet vestrum, ac. omnibus aliis, quibus in hac parte interfit, quod ad did' vicesim' sept' diem Odobris, apud praedid' civitat' Westm', personaliter compareatis & interfids, ft quifibet vestrum compareat, ad tradand', fa-

,nostri Anglise, ac diledis & fidelibus noftris militibus, eivibus, & burgens', didi regni nostri, ad parliament' nostrum hoc instaht' vicesimo septimo die Septembris fetieod' convocatis & eledis, & vestrum cuilibet, salutem. Cum no*, pro quibufdam, ardiiis ufgentibus negotiis, noe, statum ft defenfiohem regni nostri Angliae, ac ecclg-fi» Anglicans, conceraeo', did' parliam' nostrum vicesimo quarto die Augusti, ult' preterit'; apud civitat'. pre-

dict' tenor ordinavimus, ac vobis per separal' brevia ciend', agend', & concludend', super is, quae in dido faoftra apud civitiit'& diem praedid' interesse mandavimus, parliamento noftro, de communi consilio didi regni nostri, ad tradand', consentiend', & concludend', super iis, qquje favente; Deo;, contigeuint ordinari. Testibus, Thoma in dido parliamento noftro tunc & ibidem proponerentur, archiepifeopo Cantuar', ft caeteris cultodibus ft justiciariis ft- tradarentur; cutnqae nos per breve nostrum, certis regni, apud Westm', vicesimo septimo die Septembris, de caufis, ft considerationibus, nos 4d hoc. f'pCcialiter somo regni nostri decimo.

meventibus, did' parliament' nostrum ab eodem vicesimo quarto die Augusti usque ad ft in hunc instantem vicesim' feptim' diem Septembris duximus prorogand'; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis vestrum, ad did' vicesim' quart' diem Augusti apud predid' civitat' comparere teneamini, feu

Chute.

Breve de ulteriore prorogatiope parliament'.

Chute.

27° Die O&obriS; 10 Gulielmi Tertii; Annoque Domini 1698.

Padiament \ JtR. Vice-Chamberlain, and John Smith Esquire, T wo

further pro- iVJL of the said Commissioners, attending in the Place r0fi'u* before mentioned; together with the Clerk, and Clerk Assistant. and other Clerks;, the said CommiflLoners administred the Oaths appointed to such Members who this Day appeared: Who, with such of those as had < been before sworn, and attended, being informed, That the Parliament was to be again prorogued, by Writ directed to the Lords and Commons, they went to the House of Peers: Where the Writ for proroguing the Parliament until the 29th Day of November next was read:

A Copy of which Writ is as followeth;

Tho. Cantuar, Dorsett, , Romney, Cha.

Mountagu.

Gulielmus Tertius, Dei gra', Angli®, Scotias, Francis, & Hibemiae, Rex, Fidei Defenfor, &c. prsediledis et fide-Jibus noftris prselatis, magnatibus, & proceribus, regni nostri Anglise, ac diledis et fidelibus noftris militibus, eivibus, Sc burgenfibus, didi regni nostri, ad parliamentum nostrum apud civitat' uoftram Westm' hoc inltant' vicesimo septimo die Odobris tenend', convocatis & eledis, & vestrum cuilibet, salutem. Cum nos, pro quibufdam >7

arduis & urgentibus negotiis, nos, statum et defenfionem regni nostri Anglite, ac ecclesiee Anglicans, concerrientibus, did' parliament' nostrum 24* die Augusti, ulterius prs-terito, apud civitat' praedid' teneri ordinaverimus; ac vobis, per separalia brevia nostra, apud civitat' et diem praedid'interesse mandaverimus, ad tradand', consentiend', ft concludend*, super iis, quae in dido parliamento noftro tunc & ibidem proponerentur, ft tradarentur; cumqne nos, per breve nostrum, certis de caufis, & considerationibus, nos ad hoc specialiter moventibus, did' parliament' nostrum ab eodem vicesimo quarto die Augusti Usque ad ft in vicelimum feptim' diem Septembris ult' praeterit', ft abinde, per al'breve, usque ad ft in hunc instantem vicelimum sept' diem Odobris, duximus prorogand'; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis vestrum, ad did' die' apud praedid' civitat' comparere teneamini, feu ardemini; volentes, vos, ft quemlibet vestrum, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; & per idem breve, vob', & cuilibet veilrum, ad hunc instantem vicesim' feptim' diem Odobris, apud civitat' praedid' comparere et interesse nuperrime mandaverimus, ad tradand', faciend', agend', et concludend', super iis, quae in dido parliamento noftro contigerint ordinari; quibufdam tamen certis urgentibus de caufis, et considerationibus, nos ad hoc specialiter moventibus, dictum parliament' nostrum ab hoc ioltantti vicesimo septimo die

Odobris

Parliament

further pr^ jogued.

MefTage to attend the King,

Sir T. Littleton chosen Speaker.

.to W, III. cl7*\08,~~2<)0 Nob. — 6°

O&obris usque ad et in vicesim' non' diem Novembris prox' futur' ulterius duximus prorogand'; ita quod nep voS, pec aliquis vestrum, ad hunc instantem vicesimum feptim' diem O&obris apud civitat' predial' comparere teneamini, feu arfitemini: Vqlumus etiam, vos, et quern-}ibet vestrum, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; mandantes, et tenore prsefentium firmiter injungendo praecipientes, vobis, et cuilibct vestrum, ac omnibus aliis, quibus in hac parte interfit, quod ad di&um vicesim'non' diem Novem';

347

apud praedift' civitat' Westm', personaliter conapareatis et interfitis, et qnilibet vestrum compareat, ad tra&and', faciend', agend', et concludend', super iis, quae in di&o parliamento noftro, de comrnuni consilio dicti regni nostri, favente Deo, contigerint ordinari. Testibus, Tho' archi-epil'copo Cantuar', etcseteris custodibus etjusticiar regni, apud Westm', vicesimo leptiino die O&obris, anno regnf nostri decimo.

Chute.

29 Die Novembris, 10 Gulielmi Tertii; Anno Domini 1698.

HI S Grace the Duke of Devonshire attending in the Place before mentioned, be administred the Oaths appointed to several of the Members who this Day appeared, and had not been sworn before; and then made the Second before-annexed* Commission, or Deputation, under his Hand and Seal, bearing Date this Day, to several Members of the House of Commons, to admi-hifter the said Oaths to the rest who should appear, and had not been sworn: And they administred the Oaths accordingly: And afterwards, the Members being informed, That the Parliament was to be again prorogued^ by Writ directed to the Lords and Commons, they went jto the House of Peers: Where the Writ for proroguing the Parliament to the Sixth Day of December next was read:

A Copy of which Writ is as followeth; viz.

Tho. Cantuar, Devonshire Marleborough, Romney, Oijord, Cha.

Gplielmus Tertius, Dei gra', Anglisc, Scotise, Francite, fe Hihemiae, Rex, f'idei Defenfor, &c. praedile&is et fidelibus noftris praelatis, magnatibus, et proceribus, fegni nostri Anglias, ac dilectis et fidelibus noftris tnilitibus, civibus, et burgenfibus, di6li regni nostri, ad parliament' nostrum, apud civitat' noftram Westm* vicesimo nono die hujus instantis Novembris tenend', convocatis et electis, et vestrum cuilibet, salutem. Cum nos, pro quibufdam arduis et urgentibus negotiis, nos, statum, et defenfionem regpi nostri Angliae, ac ecclesiae Anglican®, concemen', dist' parliament' nostrum vicesimo quarto die Augusti, ult' preterit', apud civitat' praedift' teneri ordinavimus; ac vobis, per separtd' brevia nostra, apud civitat' et diem prasdict' interelfe mandavi-mus, ad trastand', consentiend', et concludend', super iis, quae in dicto parliamento noftro tunc et ibidem pro-

ponerentur, et tra&arentur; cumque nos, per breve nostrum certis de caufis, et t:onsiderationibus, nos ad hoc tpecialitef motentibus. diOT parliament' lloftrum ab eodem vicesimo quarto die Augusti clique ad et in vicesim' sept' diem Septembris ult' praeterit'; et abinde, per al' breve, iifque ad et in yicefim' feptim' diem Octobris ult' praeterit'; et denique, per al' breve, ulque ad et in vicesim' nonunri diem Hujus instantis Novembris duximus prorogand'; ita quod nec vos,. nec aliquis vestrum ad diet' dies apud praedirt' civitat' comparere teneamini, feu ar&emini; volentes, vos, et quemlibet vestrum, inde erga nos penitus exonerari; et, per idem breve, vobis et cuilibet vestrum, ad vicesimum non diem hujus instant' Novembris apud civitat' praedirt' comparere et interelfe nuperrime man-davimus, ad trastand', faciend', agend'; et concludend', Taper iis, qnws in di&o parliamento noftro contigerint Ordinari; quibufdam tamen certis urgentibus de caufis, et coosiderationibus, nos ad hoc specialiter moventibus, dictf parliament' nostrum ab ticefilno norio die hujus instantis Novembris usque ad & in sext' diem Decembris prox' futur* bit' duximus prorogand'; ita quod nec vos, nec aliquis vestruin, ad vicesimum non'diem hujus instantisNovembris apud civitat' prsedifit' comparere teneamini, feu ar&emini: VolUmus enhn, vos, et quemlibtt vestrum, ihde erga nos penitus. exonerari; inandantes, et tenore praefentiuin fir-nliter injungendo prfecipientes, vobis, & cuilibet vestrum; ac omnibhs aliis, quibus in hac parte interfit, quod ad di£t* fextum diem Decembris apud predict' civitat' Westm' personal' compareatis et interfitis, et quilibet vestrum compareat, ad trastand', faciend', agend', et concludend', super iis, qute in dicto parliamento noftro, de comrnuni consilio di£T regni nostri, favente Deo, contigerint ordi-Oari. Testibus, Thoma archiepil'copo Cantuar', & csrteria custodibus & justiciar' regni, apud Westm' vicesimo sexto die Novembris, anno regni nostri decimo.

Chute.

T

Martis, 6* die Decembris;

to0 Gulielmi Tertii.

THE Members who had taken the Oaths being repaired to their Seats in the House of Commons;

A Message was delivered from the King, by Sir David 'Mitchell, Gentleman-LTlher of the Rack Rod:

Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him in the House Of Peers, immediately.

And, accordingly, the House went up to attend his Majesty: Who was plealed, by the Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor of the Great Seal, to command the Commons to return to their House, and choole their Speaker; and present him to his Majesty upon Friday Morning next.

And, the House being returned;

The Lord Marquis of Hhumbly moved. That Sir Dumas Littleton might be Speaker, as being a

Vo i. XII.

Person of known Ability and Experience, and every way qualified to discharge that Trust.

Whereupon, after some Debate;

And after Sir Thomas Littleton had stood up, in his Place, and desired to he excused;

The Clerk, by Command of the House, put the Question, That Sir Thomas Littleton do take the Chair, As Speaker.

And the House divided.

Teller for the Yeas,

Lord Coningsby: 242.

Teller for the Noes,

Lord Norres: 135;

And the Clerk declared the Numbers; and that the Yeas had It:

Whereupon, the Lord Marquis of Hartington, and Lord Spencer, conduced him to the Chair: Where, he acknowleged the great Honour they had done him; and returned his Thanks for the fame; and desired their Leave, Tllat, notwithstanding the Vote that had passed for him, he might be exouled, in respect of the Indisposition be lay

under

This Commission is not inserted in tho-Journal

Message tA attend the King*

Mr. Speaker

approved of by the King.

348 6° — 90 Decembris, 1698.

under of the Stone; and that there were many others that were more capable of serving them:

But the House cried No, no, no.

And then he desired, That he might have their Leave to dilltble himself to his Majesty:

To which the House cried No, no, no.

Upon which, he again thanked them for the Honour they had done him in such their Choice.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning next, Ten a Clock.

Veneris, 9* die;

to* Gulielmi Tertii.

AM E S S A G E from his Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Gentleman-Uther of the Black Rod: Gentlemen,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker eleCl, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty; and to present their Speaker: Who spake thus:

May it please your Majesty,

The Commons, in Parliament assembled, have, in Obedience to your Majesty's Commands, chose their Speaker.

How well that Choice has been considered, your Majesty will judge, when I must acquaint you. That, notwithstanding the great Variety of better Choice they had in View, and the many just Excuses I could make in my own Defence, they have pitched upon me, the most unworthy of their whole Assembly of that great Employment: The Consequence of which, however, is, That I must present myself before your Majesty, for your Approbation:

Nor would I, at the same time, (brink my Shoulders from this unequal Weight, if my own Health, and Reputation, which is dearer to me, were the only Things likely to be exposed: But, when I consider, how the Publick Service mutt fuller by my w'eak Performances, l am inexcuf-able, if I do not endeavour to obtain from your Majesty, in the behalf of your Commons, another Opportunity for reconsidering this hasty Resolution they are come to.

The Place requires a Man of other-guise Qualifications than I am Master of: — A much better Understanding, founder Judgment, and stronger Constitution, than mine, are all necessary:

I need enumerate no more Particulars, wherein I am wanting, to your Majesty; to whom my Insufficiencies in Business are not unknown; hoping, I have said enough already to induce your Majesty to disapprove me: The good Consequence whereof must be. That your Commons will quickly present feme fitter Person for the Execution of this greatTruft; upon the due Discharge whereof, a good Agreement between your Majesty and your People, the greatest Blessing which attends this Nation, so much depends.

Whereupon, the Right Honourable the Lord Chancellor acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to approve the Choice they had made of Sir Thomas Littleton for their Speaker.

After which, Mr. Speaker spoke thus;

May it please your Majesty,

SINCE your Majesty has been pleased to approve the Choice which your Commons have made, it becomes me not to contend longer with your Majesty; but resign myself to your Majesty's Royal Pleasure; and endeavour to discharge my Duty in the Chair in the best manner that I can.

As your Majesty has, to the Wonder of Mankind, a fled Impossibilities; you may command others to do the like: Aon habeo ingeniwn;CafarJtdju/}it, habebo;

By which I mean no more, but that 1 will try my ut most to answer your Majesty's Expectation:

For my Encouragement, I humbly beseech your Majesty, to pardon all my Mistakes, and Failures; or, at lead, never to impute any of them to your Commons; whereby they may receive any Prejudice in your Majesty's good Opinion; which they will always study to preserv.

There remains no more, but that 1 a(k of your Majesty, in the Name and Behalf of the Commons, the Preservation of all their ancient Rights and Privileges: particularly, Freedom of Speech; Privilege from Arrests for themselves, and Servants; and a free Accefe, as often as Occasion requires, to your Majesty's Sacred Person.

Whereupon, the Lord Chancellor, by his Majesty's Command, said, That his Majesty is fully allured of the Prudence, and Discretion, as well as of the Aftections, of his House of Commons: And, as to the Suit which you have made in their Name, his Majesty does most willingly grant to them all their Privileges, in as full a Manner as they were ever granted by any of his Royal Predecessors: As to what you have prayed in relation to yourself, the King will put the best and most favourable Construction upon your Endeavours; being sensible, That you have a Heart full of Loyalty to him, and of Zeal for the Good of your Country.

Mr. Speaker, with the House, being returned; He reported to the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to approve of their Choice of him for their Speaker; and to grant them all their Privileges, in as large a Manner as they w ere enjoyed by any of their Predeccssors; as, namely. Freedom of Speech; Freedom from Arrests; and free Access, upon all Occasions, to his Royal Person; and all other Privileges of Parliament whatsoever.

And afterwards, Mr. Speaker returned the House his Thanks for the great Honour they had done him. — Seeing he was now no longer in a Capacity to insist. upon any Failures he might be guilty of, he assured them he would serve them in the best manner that he could; and that, since he had not promised much, he hoped the House would be the more candid in construing his Actions; And then recommended to them, the coming early in the Morning, that they might, as formerly, dispatch their Business before it was late in the Day: That they would behave themselves with all Decency in the House; more particularly, That they would avoid standing in the Passages to and in the House, and receiving and reading Letters in the House, and all other Things that might occasion any Disorder; too much of which he had lately observed: In order to the preventing of which, he also desired their Assistance and Support

Then the House proceeded to the taking the Oaths appointed in the First Year of the Reign of his Majesty and the late Queen Mary, and the making, repeating, and subscribing, the Declaration, directed by the Statute, made in the 30th Year of the Reign of King Charles the 2d, for preserving the King's Person and Government, by difebling Papists to lit in either House of Parliament; ana ligning the Association, according to the Statute made in the Year of his Majesty's Reign:

And Mr. Speaker, first, alone by himself, in the Chair; and afterwards a great Number of the Members of the House, at the Table; did take the said Oaths; and make, repeat, and subscribe, the said Declaration; and signed the said Association.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Members take Oaths.

10 W. III.

io° — 14° Decembrts.

iSabbatl, 10* die Decembris j 1 o# G ulielmi Tertii.

Pr'a vers.

Mnoben HP H E House, being fat, proceeded in the taking the take Oaths. X Oaths appointed; and making, repeating, and fub-scribing the Declaration; and subscribing the Association: And all such of the Members who attended, and had not already taken the Oaths, and made, and repeated, and subscribed, the Declaration, and signed the Association, did now do the fame.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 12* die Decembris; io* G ulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Members OEVERAL other Members took the Oaths; and take Oaths. made and subscribed the Declaration; and signed

the Association.

Seizures upon A Bill for discharging Seizures upon Outlawries in the Outlawries. Exchequer upon Civil Causes was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Grand Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Religion do

Committees, fit every Tuesday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Grievances do fit every Thursday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Trade do fit every Saturday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Ordered, That the Grand Committee for Courts of Justice do fit every Friday in the Afternoon, in the House.

Committee Ordered, That a Committee of Privileges and Elections of Privileges* be appointed of Sir Rowlan Sir John Philipps, Mr. Fox, Lord CHeine, Mr. GerrOrd, Lord Pare let t, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Harcourt, Lord Randagh, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Wm.Cou Mr. Eyre, Sir Sam. Bar-mrdiston, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Couper, Mr. Blojeild, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. Sanderson, Mr. Pye, Mr. A 'icholfon, Mr. Sir John

Air. Probert, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Row-ney, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Lord Norris, Sir

Owen Buckingham, Sir Edward Leighton, Sir Am. Tredenham, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Freke, Mr. Air.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Poultney, Mr. Hopkins, Mr. Beake, Sir Tho. JVII-loughby, Sir Wm. Robinson, Colonel Rolls, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Hcveningham, Sir Robert Masham, Mr. England, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Price, Mr. Irelon, Mr. Pelham, Sir Chr. Hides, Sir Fra. Sir Wm. Cook,

Lord Dyfert, Sir Wm. Coriton, Sir Ashurst, Mr. Dore, Mr. Vernon, Lord Bulkly, Sir Edw. Huffey, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Darcy, Mr. Ojfley, Lord Coningsby, Mr. JJyott, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Vincent, Sir Henry Ashurst, Mr. Sloatie, Mr. Lee, Mr. Perry, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Popham, Mr. Gorges, Sir Edward Blackett, Mr. Woollaslon, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Wor sky, Mr. St. John, Mr. Davey, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Carter, Sir Wm. St. Quin

tin, Mr. Phippard, Sir Abstrupus Sir Richard

Cox, Mr. Cook, Mr. Packhurst, Sir Edward Hunger-ford, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Yates, Mr. Freeman, Sir Cha.

Sidley, Sir John Austin, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Pynnell,

Sir Jo. Lev, Gouer, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Gower, Mr. Montague, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir Hen. Goodrich, Sir Wm. Norreys, Mr. Robert Bertie, Mr. CuUiford, Mr. York, Mr. Henley, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Yate, Sir Barth. Shore, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Ashurst, Sir

Vol. XII.

349

Lord Hartinglon t And they ife to meet upbtt Wednesday next, at Three a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber; and to fit every Friday, Monday, and Wednesday, in the Afternoon; And all that come are to have Voices: And they afe to take into Consideration all such Matters as shall or may come in Question touching Returns, Elections, and Privileges; and to proceed upon Double Returns in the First Place; and to report their Proceedings, with their Opinion therein, to the House, from time to time: And all Persons that 'will question Returns are to do it in Fourteen Days next; and so within fourteen Days next after any new Return that shall be brought in; And the Committee is to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records, for their Infer* motion: And all Members who are returned for Two of more Places, are to make their Elections by this Day Three Weeks, for which of die Places they will fervo,

?rovided there be no Question upon the Return for that 'lace: And if any thing shall come in Question touching the Return, Election, or Matter of Privilege, of any Member, he is to withdraw during the time the Matter is in Debate: And that all Members returned upon Double Returns do withdraw, tHl their Returns are determined.'

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Com* roktee, That they do admit but Two Counsel of a Side to -be heard in any Cause before them.

Resolved, That no Person be taken into Custody of Apprthen* the Serjeant at Arms, upon any Complaint of Breach of of Privilege, until the Matter of such Complaint have been examined by the Committee of Privileges; -and reported to the House.

Resolved, That no Member have Privilege of Parlia* Member* ment in any same where he is only Trustee. Privilege.

A Petition of Simon Moyne Esquire was presented to Aylesbury the House, and read; setting forth, That the major Part Eleaion' of the legal Voters to choose Parliament-men, at the last Election of Aylesbury, in the County of would

have polled for the Petitioner; but the Constables of the said Town, who were the proper Officers, refused to Poll. many of them; by which, and many other undue Prao rices, James Herbert Esquire got himself returned by the said Constables; who ought to have returned the Pe^ titioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and to do therein as they shall think itteelj.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Richard Cockman, and others, Inhabit- Ditto, ants of the Borough of Ailesbury, in the County of Bucks,

on behalf of themselves, and others, of the said Borough* was presented to the House, and read: fettirtg forth, That many Inhabitants of the said Borough, who had a Right to choose Members at the last Election of Parliament^ were arbitrarily refused by the Constables, to poll for Simon Maynt Esquire; and many other illegal Practices were uled to choose James Herbert Esquire, who was re turned; though Mr. Mayne of Right ought to have been lb; by reason more qualified Voters would have polled for him, if they might, than. Mr. Herbert: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the famet, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of George Rodny Bridges Esquire was pre* Haflemera Tented to the House, and read; setting forth that the Po- Ele&oa. titioner flood as one of the Candidates of the Borough of Haslcmere, in the County of Surry, to fetve as a Burgefk in this present Parliament; and was duly eleCbed, as-ht conceives, by the Majority of legal Voters: But, in Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right, Sir Theophilus Ogletharp waa

4 If returned

12° Decemb.

Ludlow

Election.

Ditto.

Ludgershall Elc&ion.

Medhurst

Election.

350

A, 1698.

returned as doly elected; the contrary whereof the Peti- A Petition of Sir Hawks Knight, and Hugh For-tioner doubts not to make appear: And praying, That hi tefeue Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; e iOU‘

Cause, relating to the said Election, may be heard; and setting forth, That the Right of electing Burgesses to serve that he may be relieved according to the Merits thereof. in Parliament for the Borough of in the

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition County of Cornwall, was always in the Ereeholders and be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Inhabitants thereof; by the Majority of whom, the Pe-

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report titioners were duly chosen, on the l'irft of August lait; the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. and yet, the Port-reeve returned, That Sir

denham, and John Tredenham Esquire, were chosen Bur-

A Petition of the Honourable Thomas Newport Esquire geffes for the said Borou gh: Arid praying the Redress of Was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the House in the said Matters.

at the last Election of Members to serve in this present Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Salop, several Burgesses offered to poll for the Petitioner, And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report but were refused; and others, who had no Votes, and the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. objected against by the Petitioner, were polled for Mr.

Goitre-, who is returned, to the manifest Prejudice of the A Petition of several of the Inhabitants of the ancient St. Mitchell laid Borough, and the Petitioner; And praying the Relief Borough of alias St. Michael, in the County of Election,

of the House in the Premises. Cornwall, on behalf of themselves, and other Inhabitants

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; read; setting forth, That at the Election of Members to And that they do examine the Matter thereof { and report serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, Sir the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. John Sir Richard Antony Row, and

John Pocey, Esquires, Hood as Candidates; and Sir < A Petition of Thomas Farmer, and others, Burgesses of Richard Blackham was duly elected to serve; but, by rca-:

the Town of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, was pre- Ion of divers illegal Practices at the said Election,

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by ' Vincent, Deputy Port-reeve of the said Borough, hath eheient Custom of the said Town, every Son, and the returned Sir Harries and Mr. Pocey, as Burgesses,

Husbandof every Daughter of a Burgess, hath a Right of in great Violation of the Petitioners Right: And pray-Burgessship within the said Corporation; and, upon Re- ing the House to take the Premises into Consideration. quest to the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Common-Council, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be of Ludlow, have been always admitted sworn Burgesses: referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

That the Petitioners are under those Qualifications; and And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report . long fitice, by their several Petitions, as in like Cafe3, the same with their Opinion therein, to the House. requested to be admitted sworn Burgesses of the said

Town; but were refused the fame: And, on the 30th A Petition of Antony Row Esquire, was presented to Ditto, of July 1698, they went to give their Votes for Mem- the House and read; setting forth, That at the last bers to serve in this present Parliament; but they were Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for Mit-refused to poll, although they demanded it, in behalf of chell, in Cornwall, the Petitioner had a very great Ma- Mr. Newport against Mr. Goicer; who is returned as a jority of legal Votes for him; but the Port-reeve of the Representative for the said Borough, to their manifest laid Borough, hath unduly returned Sir and

Prejudice: And praying the Consideration of the House, John Povey Esquire, to the Prejudice of the Petitioner's and Relief in the Premises. Right: And praying the House to take the Matter into

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be Consideration, and to give him such Relief as the House referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: shall think fit

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be port the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report A Petition of John Webb Esquire was presented to the the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

:House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, with

Thomas Neal Esquire, and- Mr. Kent; were Candidates to A Petition of Sir Richard Blackham Baronet was pro- Ditto,

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludger- fented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Jhdll, in the County of Wilts; and that the Petitioner was Petitioner, was duly elected to serve as a Member in this duly elected to be one of the Burgesses for the said Bo- present Parliament for the Borough of Mitchell, in rough, by a Majority of Votes, fairly obtained; notwith- wall; but, by reason of divers illegal Practices at the said standing which, Edward Flory, the then Bailiff of the said ' Election, the Port-reeve hath, contrary to Right, returned Borough, hath returned the said Mr. Neal, and Mr. Kent, Sir John Howies, and John Povey Esquire, as Burgesses in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Justice for the said Borough, in great Violation of the Petition-end Relief of the House in the Premises. er's Right: And praying the House to take the Premises

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be into Consideration. referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections t the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report

the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Henry Peachy Knight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner APetition of John Hudson and Jerom Beale, Burgesses, Rramber was duly elected a Member to serve in this present Par- of the Borough of in the County of Softer, on Election-

liament for the Borough of Medhurst, in the County of behalf of themselves, was presented to the House, and Suftsex, with John Letvkner Esquire; but, by undue Prac- read; setting forth, That the Election of Burgesses to serve

tices, Sir Wm. Morley hath procured himself to be re- in this present Parliament for the said Borough was on turned with Mr. Lewkner: And praying the House to the 25th Day of last; and that Sir Henry Furncflc, take the Premises into Consideration. by Bribery, and other indirect Means, did procure him-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition self to be returned one of the Burgesses for the said Bo-be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elec- rough, in Wrong of the Petitioners; And praying such tiuns: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; Relief therein as the House shall in Justice, think fit. and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the OThat the Consideration of the said Petition be House. . referred to the Committee of Privileges and ‘Elections:

And

Taraworth

iUectjoQ.

Matoaebury

Election.

.Abingdon

Lledioo.

Corf-Castle

Election.

J)ittOw

.1 o W. III. 12° Decembris. 351

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Henry Gough Knight was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for in the Counties of Warwick and Stafford, the Majority of Voters, duly qualified, were for the Petitioner; and he ought to have been returned; but the Bailiffs of the said Borough, refilling to poll the Petitioner's due Voters, and admitting others unqualified to poll against him, by adjourning the Poll, when several Voters for the Petitioner demanded to be polled, without the Petitioner's Consent; and by other undue Practices; returned John (Jhetwynd and Thomas Guy Esquires, as Burgesses, in Wrong to the Petitioner; And praying the House to fake the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Craven Howard Esquire was presented to the House, and read;. setting forth, That Mr. Michael Weeks, and Mr. Eduard Pans ford, did, by divers indirect and corrupt Practices of William an Officer of the Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, and other their Agents, procure themselves to be returned as Members to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner's Right; who had a Majority of Votes duly qualified: And praying, That the House will examine and inquire into the said corrupt Practices; and do such Right to the Petitioner, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter Uiereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of William Huc Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen Burgess for , in the County of Berks, to lerve in this Parliament, according to the last Determination of this House, touching the Right of Election for Abingdon; yet, John Selzcood, the Mayor, hath falsly returned Simon Harcourt Esquire: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: and that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the‘House.

A Petition of Richard Eaumes Esquire was presented to the House,' and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner stood Candidate for the Borough of Corf-Castle, to serve in this Parliament, against William Culliford Esquire, who is wrongfully returned; and who, by Treating at and before the Election, and by divers other indirect Practices, procured several Votes, to the Petitioner's Prejudice, who otherwise had been chosen and returned: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edward Clavell Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the: Petitioner, and John Banks Esquire, stood Candidates to serve in this present Parliament, at a late Election of Burgesses, for Coif-Castle, in the Isle of; where Mr. Banks,

and his Friends, in order to get a Majority of Voters, by several Conveyances, multiplied Voices, contrary to a late Atit of Parliament; and the Mayor of the said Borough admitted such to vote for Mr. Banks-, by which means, he hath returned him, in Prejudice to the Petitioner, who was Vo uXII,

duly, elected: And praying the House to examine the Matter, and relieve him therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Stamp Knight was presented Heading to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner and others stood Candidates, at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Reading-, and had the Majority of legal Voters; and ought to have been returned with Sir Owen Buckingham; and yet, John Dolby Esquire is returned with him: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

t'

A Petition of Sir Roger Hill Knight was presented to Agitionde«-the House, and read; setting forth, That the Lord ham E,c<aion*

and the Petitioner, were duly elected to serve in this present Parliament, as Burgesses, for the Borough of Agmon-desham, in the County of Bucks; yet, the Constables of the said Town, by polling several who had no Right, and refuting others that had, and polling feme whose Votes were procured by ill Practices, pretended that Sir John Garrard had more Voices than the Petitioner; and have returned him, to the Petitioner s Wrong: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Timothy Wingfeild, and others, on behalf Ditto,

of themselves, and divers others, Inhabitants of the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of was pre-

fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, the Lord Viscount Cheyne, and Sir Roger Hill, were duly elected by the Majority of legal Voters; yet, John Wingfeild and William

who were then Constables of the said Borough, polled feme Persons who had no Voices, others illegally obtained; and refused others who had a Right; and have returned Sir John Garrard, with the Lord . ..: And praying a speedy Hearing of the Matter, at the Bar of the House, or otherwise, as the House shall think fit. '

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Patrick Bird and John Morgan, on be- Great half of themselves, and other legal Voters, Inhabitants of Fedwin the Borough of Great Bed-win, in the County of Wilts, Ele<aiou* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That at the last Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, Doctor Charles Davenant, by illegal Practices, and Corruption, procured himself to be chosen and returned; so that, thereby, the said Election as to him, is become void , and the Petitioners unduly are represented: And praying, That the Premises may be examined, and the Petitioners relieved therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Neale Esquire was presented to Ditto, the House, and read; setting forth, That several indirect Means were ul'ed, by Charles Davenant, and his Agents, to gain Votes at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Great;

otherwise

VFigan

Election*

Aldhorough

Election.

£)itto.

Dartmouth

Election.

55$ 1.2° Decembris. ^.1698.

otherwise the Petitioner would have had: the Majority and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the of legal Voters, from all the Candidates; and ought to House.

have been returned: And praying the Conlkleration of

the House in the Premises. A Petition of William and Brfford

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Esquires was presented to the House, and read; Jetting Electron, be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elec- forth, That at thejnte Election of Knights of the Shire tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; for the County of Bedford, Edward Lord Russell, and Sir and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the iVUliam Goslwick, were returned: by reason foat Votes House. were procured them by Entertainments, and other illegal

Means; and by reafoo many Freeholder's, who offered A Petition of Sir Alexander Rigby Knight was pre- to poll for the Petitioners, were prevented by lire Sheriff; tented to the House, and read; letting forth, That at and Iris Officers; a!ll which Proceedings were to the the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for Injury of the Petitioners, who flood Candidates at the the Borough of Wigan, in the County of Lancaster, many said Election, and ought to have been returned: undue Practices were used by Sir Roger Bradshaw, and And praying Itelief in the Premisee, according to /Orlando Bridgman, or their Agents; viz. by making Justice.

Perl'ons free, after the Dilsolution of the last Parliament* Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition who were not enly Strangers to the Town, but many be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elecdwelling in other Counties, and altogether unqualified, tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof purposely to vote for them; and denying others their find report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the Freedom, both before and after, who were of the Cor- House. poration, and had a Bight to, and did claim it, because

they would vote for the Petitioner; and though he had A Petition -of Robert Austen Esquire was presented to IfwtKngn a sufficient Majority, upon Casting up of the Poll, yet the House, and read; setting forth. That John Election,

the Mayor hath returned the said Mr. Bridgman, in Esquire, and the Petitioner, were duly elected Members Wroqg to the Petioner: And praying the Justice of to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hast' the House in the Premises. ingej but the Mayor hath returned Esquire, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition instead of the Petitioner, to his manifest Injury: And he referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elec- praying the House to take the Matter into Considerations: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; lion.

and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the O, That the Consideration of the said Petition House..... be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j A Petition dlCyrill Arthingtm Esquire was presented and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Peti- House. tioner, and Sir Abstrupus Danby, Hood Candidates to serve

us a Burgess in this present Parliament for the Borough , A Petition of Esquire was presented to Newark"

of Aldhorough, in the County of York; and the Petitioner the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner Electou' was legally chosen to serve; but Sir Abstrupus Danby did, was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parlia-by divers. illegal Pmiftiees, contrary to an Act of Par- ment for Newark, in the County of Nottingham; but ljament to prevent Charge in Elections, procure several many illegal Practices were uled by Edward Hobson,

Votes for himselff: And praying short Day for hear- Mayor of the said Town, and others, in favour of Sir ing the Merits of the said Election. Francis who polled several for him that were

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition not qualified; and refused several that were qualified,

|be referred to die Committee of Privileges and Elec- who would have polled for the Petitioner j lb that tl»e tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; feid Mayor hath selfely returned Sir Francis in

and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to da House. him Justice in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition A Petition of Christopher Tankard Esquire was pre? be referred to the Committee of Priv ileges and Elec* fen ted to ti it House, and read; setting forth. That at tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;

the last Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Par- and report the feme, with their Opinion therein to the liament for the Borough of Aldborough, in die County of House.

York, the Petitioner did offer hiroself to be one of their

Burgesses; and, verily believes, should have been chosen, A Petition of Robert Hyde and George Morley Esquires Hindoi* had it not been for most notorious Bribery, and repeated was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Eledioaa Menaces, before, at, and since, the said Election; which That the Petitioners, and Sir James How, Reynolds the Petitioner doubts pot to make out, by unquestion- thorpand others, flood Candidates at the Election of able Testimony: And praying the Justice of the House JBurgeffes to serve in this Parliament for Hindon, in the for Relief in the Premises. County of; and the said Sir James How, and Mr.

Ordered, That die Consideration of the said Petition Cakhby several indirect and unlawful Practices at be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elec- and before the Election, procured many Voices, in Pre*

tions: And that they do -examine the Matter thereof; judice of the Petitioners Right, who otherwise would and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the have been chosen, and ou^ht to have been returned:

House. And praying sech Relief in the Premises, as the House

shall think fit.

A Petition of John Whitrow the younger, Merchant, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition -was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, lie referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elec-That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgefe to serve tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; in this, present Parliament for the Borough of Clifton- and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the Dartmouth Hardnesse, in the County of Devon; yet, House. the Mayor hath returned Sir Joseph Heme and Frederick Heme as chosen: And praying Belief in the A Petition of Shadrack Tlncent and Henry Ashurst Fowy* Premises. Esquires was presented to the House, and read; setting Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition forth, That, at the Election of Members to serve in this he referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elao Parliament for the Borough of Fewye, in the

tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; Petitioners were duly chosen, by a great Majority, yet 18 such

Orford

fclecUou.

Weoblcj

Election.

Ditto.

Guilford

EfocUon*

io W. III. 12° Decembris* 353

such was the Partiality of Jonathan Tmcomb, Port-reeve of Foivey, that, before the Election, he declared he would not return the Petitioners, though they had never so many Votes: but would return One of the Sitting Members, if he had but Four Votes; and, accordingly, did falsly return Sir Becil GreenviU and Mr. Vivian and being told, That the Petitioners might recover great damages against him, for such false Return, he said, He hoped to get 500l. by the Bargain; and several other corrupt Practices were used in behalf of the Sitting Members: And therefore the Petitioners pray the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

.. A Petition of Sir Edmund Bacon Baronet, and JVm. Johnson Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners were duly choien, by a Majority of Electors rightly qualified, to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Orford, in the County of Suffolk; and yet Sir Tho. and Sir Charles

Hedges, have gotten themselves to be returned, to the Petitioners Prejudice; And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Foley Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was, by a clear Majority of legal Voters, duly choien a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Wtobley, in the County of H and was returned,

as such, with Robert Price Esquire, who was also choien; but John Jones, one of the Constables of the said Borough hath, by Procurement and ill Practices of John Esquire, returned him with the said Mr. Price, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Birch Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly elected to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of JVeobly, in the County of Hereford, and was returned, as such, by one of the Constables; yet Tho. Foley Esquire, who used divers indirect Practices to get himself elected, hath prevailed with the other Constable to return him as duly eleClsd, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; end report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Wqfton Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That John Randyll, and the Petitioner, were duly choien Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Guilford, in Surry; but the Mayor of Guilford hath returned Foot Onslow Esquire, instead of the Petitioner, to his Prejudice: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thomas Hopkins Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the City of Coventry, the Majority of the Electors appeared, and would have polled, for the Petitioner, and Richard Hopkins Esquire, had they not been prevented by Threats, and riotous Practices, of those that appeared for Sir Christopher Hales; for whom many were polled,

that were not qualified; and a Scrutiny of the Poll was denied the Petitioner; by which, and other undue Means, Sir Christopher got himself returned as duly elected, to the Petitioner's Wrong, who ought to have been returned in his (lead: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Coventry

Election

A Petition of Thomas Gery Esquire was presented to the Ditto. House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Coventry, the Petitioner, Richard and Tho. Hopkins Esquires, and Sir Christopher Hales, flood Candidates; and Samuel Hunt, one of the then Sheriffs of the said City, carried himself with great Partiality against the Petitioner; and adjourned the Poll, without the Petitioner's Consent; and several indirect Means were used, by the said Richard and Tho. Hopkins, to gain Votes for them; otherwise, the Majority would have fell on the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned: And praying the House to consider the Premises, and to do what they shall think just therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Gilbert Gerrard Baronet was pre- ni(hop»-CaffeDted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the tie Election. Petitioner ought to have been returned as a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bi-shops-Castle, in the County of Salop; but TValtcr Wool~

laston, Bailiff of the said....., in an arbitrary and

unusual manner, hath unduly returned Sir William Brown-low; and many other illegal Practices were used at the said Election, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Edmund Soame Esquire was presented to Thetford the House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Eteftiou. Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Thetford, in Norfolk, Sir Joseph Williamson and the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Voters, but Robert Caudle, the Mayor of Thetford, did refuse to poll several, that had a Right to poll, for the Petitioner; and admitted others, that had none, to vote; and by many partial Proceedings, and unlawful Practices, James Sloane Esquire procured himself to be returned with Sir , in Wrong to the Petitioner, and the said Borough: And praying such Relief in the Premises, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That die Consideration of the said Petition be refereed to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of John Hicks Esquire was presented to the Loftwithie House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was Electbn.

4 X invited,

354 ia° — 14° L

invited, by the Electors of the Borough of Lostwythiell, in the County of Comically to be One of their Representati ves

in this present Parliament; but a Peer of this Realm, of great Place and Trust in the said County, did not only persuade, and influence, the said Electors not to choose the Petitioner, before the Election, but appeared there, and recommended, for Burgesses, Geo. Booth and Samuel Travers Esquires, for whom his Lordship declared he would be answerable; by means whereof, and many corrupt Practices of the Agents of Mr. Booth and Mr. Travers, several of the said Electors, who had invited the Petitioner, as aforesaid, were prevailed on to vote against him: and yet he doubts not to prove, That he had the ' Majority of legal Votes for him; but William Taprelt,

the Mayor of the said Borough, refused to return him; And praying the Consideration of the House in the Pre-miles, and Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Mattel* thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Buckingham Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to nt‘ the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Town and Parish of Buckingham, in the room of Alexander Denton Esquire, deceased.

SudburyWrit. Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for elcding a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Sudbury, in the County of in the room of Sir Tho. Baronet, dc-

ceased.

Printing the Ordered, That the Votes of the House be printed; \otcs. And that Mr. Speaker do peruse the fame, and appoint the Printing thereof; and that no other do presume to print the fame, but such as he shall appoint.

The King's Mr. Speaker reported. That his Majesty did, on Fri-'orud'r* Ina^e a m°ft gracious Speech to both Houses of por*' Parliament: And that, to prevent Mistakes therein, he had desired and obtained a-Cupy thereof; which he read to the House; and is as fotloweth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen.

I HAVE rio Doubt but you are met together with Hearts fully disposed to do what is neceflkry for the Safety, Honour and Happincls, of the Kingdom; and That is all I have to alk of you.

In order to this, Two Things seem, principally, to require your Consideration:

The One is, what Strength ought to be maintained at Sea, and what Force kept up at Land, for this Year: All I shall observe to you upon this Head is, That the Flourifliing of Trade, the Supporting of Credit, and the Quiet of Peoples Minds, at Home, will depend upon the Opinion they have of their Security; and, to preserve to England the Weight and Influence it has, at present, on the Councils and Affairs abroad, it will be requisite Europe should fee you will not be wanting to your-

selves:

The Second Thing I shall mention to you, as of great Consequence, is, the making feme further Progrel's towards discharging the Debts, which the Nation has contracted by reason of the long and expensive War: In this, the publick Interest, as well as Justice, is concerned; mid, I think, an English Parliament can never make such a Mistake, as not to hold sacred all Parliamentary Engagements.

Gentlemen of the House of Commons,

I do earnestly recommend these Things to you, that you may provide such Supplies as you shall judge uecef-1'ary for these several Occulions.

ecembris. A. 169 %

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I think it would be happy, if feme effectual Expedient could be found for employing the Poor: which might tend to the great Increase of our Manufactures, as well as remove a heavy Burden from the People.

I hope also, you will employ your Thoughts about feme good, Bills for the Advancement of Trade; and for the further Discouraging of Vice and Profaneness.

The Things I have mentioned to you being of common Concern, I cannot but hope for U nanimity and Dispatch.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday The King'* Morning next, take into Consideration his Majesty's cu^ered.1* most gracious Speech.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 14* die Decembris;

10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Sir Thomas Baronet was Malmlbuiy

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Eleeticm.

That at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of , in the County of Wilts, Mr. Michael Weeks, and Mr.

Pansford, did, by divers illegal and corrupt Practices of William Adye, an Officer of the said Borough, procure themselves to be returned as Members for the said Borough, in Prejudice to the Petitioner's Right: And praying the House to examine into the said corrupt Prafitices, and to do the Petitioner Right in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elec* tions: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Humphry Wirly Esquire was presented to LitchfieM the House, and read; lotting forth, That the Petitioner Election. stood a Candidate at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the City of Litchfeld; but, by. Menaces and divers illegal Practices, many of the Petitioner's Electors were discouraged and hindered from voting for him, and others were gained to Mr. Dyot, and Sir Michael Biddulph; whereby, they are returned to serve for the said City, to the great Injury of the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Inhabitants of the Borough of Newark upo* Newark upon Trent, in the County of Nottingham, paying Trent tlec* Scotland Lot, in behalf of themselves, and divers others tlon* so qualified, inhabiting within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the late Election of Members to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough, the greatest Part of the legal Voters appeared to vote for Jo Esquire and demanded to be polled; but Edward Hobfm, Mayor of the said Borough, refused to poll them; and polled others, that were not qualified, for Sir Francis Molyneux; and by other undue Practices, hath returned him, with James Sounder fan Esquire; in great Violation of the Rights

of the Petitioners, and the said Mr. Rayner, who ought to have been returned their Representative in this Parliament: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and

18 Elections:

8t Iyps Election.

Bridgnrtrth

Election.

Regulating of Elections.

Preventing Export of Corn, &x.

Di ft illation from Corn.

Weibmnfter

£iertion.

i o W. III.

Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of several Perform, Inhabitants within the Borough of Saint Ives, in the County of Cornwall, in behalf of themselves, and divers others inhabiting within the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Right of Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough is in the Inhabitants not receiving Alms; and the Petitioners, as such demanded to be polled, at the last Election, for Sir Henry Hobart] but the Mayor, in an arbitrary manner, refuled to let them be polled; declaring, That, by the late King James's Charter, the Right of Election was in the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, and Assistants, only; and that he would suffer no other Perl'ons to be polled, who, with himself, are but Ten in Number; and thereupon, did make an illegal Return of Sir Charles and James Praed

Esquire, in great Violation of the Petitioners Rights: And praying the House to do them Justice in the Pre-inifes, as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

14° — 16° Decembris.

3.55

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Ease of the greater Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of their Offices, Sheriffs, and passing their Accounts: And that Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take The King's

Speech considered.

into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech: And the same was again read.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Comipittee of the whole House, to consider of his Majesty's Speech.

Ordered, That his Majesty's Speech be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay before this Forces ia House an Account of all the Forces now in England; England* and of what Forces are in English Pay.

Ordered, That the Lord Coningsby do lay before this Forces in House an Account of all the Forces in 'Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Friday Morning, Eight a Clock.

V eneris, 16" die Decembris;

A Petition of Roger Pope Esquire was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner ltood a Candidate at the last Election for the Borough of Bridgnorth, in the County of Salop, and ought to have been returned a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough; but Sir Edward Acton, by corrupt and undue Practices at the said Election, procured himself to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Qualifying of Members to fit in Parliament; and further regulating Elections: And that Mr. IIoiv, and the Lord Cheine, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

io# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of divers of the principal Inhabit- Tone

ants of the Town and Borough of Taunton in the Navigation. County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the bringing of Sea-coal, and other heavy Goods, from the Town of Bridgwatei', in the said County, to Taunton, by Water-carriage, would be a great Benefit to the Inhabitants of Taunton, and Parts adjacent; by encouraging Trade, and employing great Numbers of the Poor, who daily increase, and are become very burdensome: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Tone navigable from Bridgxvaterto the Town of Taunton; making Satis*

faction to such Persons as shall be prejudiced thereby.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Mr.

Clark do prepare, and bring, in the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year: And that Mr. Heven-ingham, and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bin.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Ditiilling of low Wines, and Spirits, from Com: And that Mr. Heceningham and Mr. Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir Henry Dutton Colt was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner was invited by a considerable Number of Voters of the City of Westminster, to stand as their Representetive in this Parliament; for which Purpose, the Petitioner flood a Candidate at the last Election; but, by the manifest Partiality of the Head Bailiff' of the said City, and by Votes procured by Entertainment and Menaces, and erf others not qualified, the said Bailiff hath returned James Vernon Esquire, and Charles Mountagu Esquire, as chosen, Re-presentatives for the said City; although Mr. was otherwise uneapable of being chosen to serve in Parliament: And praying tlje House to conGder his Cafe, and tq relieve him as they shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof: and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the said Committee do hear the Matter of the said Petilion in the First Place.

Vo L. XII.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, being elected to serve in this pre- Boralstoa sent Parliament as a Knight for the County of Writ*

and also a Burgess for the Borough of Boralston, in the County of Devon; elected to serve for the County of

Brecon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Glerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Borulstm, in the County of Devon, in the room of Sir Rowland Gwyn, who has defiled to serve for the County of Brecon.

Ordered, That Leave may. be given to bring in a Bill Barailleau's, for naturalizing Peter Bareilleau, and others: And that &c* ^at‘ ..Sir Rowland Gwyn do prepare, and bring, in, the Bill.

A Bill for the.specdier and more easy Discharging of Seizuresupon Seizures in the Exchequer, upon Outlawries in Civil Ac- Outlawries, tions, was read a Second time,

Rifolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Bof-caxcen, Sir John Walter, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Duke, Sir Wm. Norris, Mr. Foley, Sir Hen. Parker, Mr.

steven, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Clayton, Mr. How, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Vaughan, Sir JVm. Cordon, Mr. Blaake, Mr.

England, Mr. Harley, Lord Dctwne, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Mount ague, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Nicolson, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Hughes, Sir

Mr. Sloane, Mr. White, Mr. Pierpoint; and all the Gentlemen of the" Long llobc: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Ordered,

Liverpool®

Ue&ion.

Cricklade

Election.

Aylesbury

Eie&on.

PontefraA

Lied ion.

356

0/vfer«LThat Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable the Town of Liverpoole to build a Church, and endow the fame, by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton: And that Sir JVm.Norris, Mr. Clqyton, and Mr. Harley, do prepare, end bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Joseph Stiles Eftjuire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Charles Fo Esquire and the Petitioner were duly chosen to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Cricklade, in the County of Wilts; but instead of the Petitioner, the Bailiff hath returned Edward Pleydall Esquire, to the Petitioners, great Wrong: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein to the House.

A Petition of Robert Dormer Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner was One of the Four Candidates at the last Election of Members to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, where by divers illegal Practices in behalf of Sir Thomas Lee, a Sitting Member, and Simon Nayne Esquire, a Majority of Votes was procured for Sir Tho. Lee, who was thereupon returned, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Robert Monkton Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was duly chosen a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Pontefract, in the County of , and ought to have been returned as such; but, by corrupt and illegal Methods, John Bright Esquire, procured himself to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

HORSE.

First Troop of Guards Second Troop Third Troop Fourth Troop Troop of Grenadier Guard Royal Regiment Regiment of Guards Major General Lumlye's Colonel Wood's Earl of Arran's Brigadier Windham's Duke Schomberg's Earl of Macclesfield's

Total of Horse

DRAGOONS.

Royal Regiment ....

Colonel Lloyd's ....

Earl of Essex's ....

Total of Dragoons

A. 1698.

A Petition of Edward Thompson Esquire was presented York to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Elec- Election, tion of Citizens to serve in this present Parliament for the City of York, the Petitioner, Sir and

Tobias Jetdcins Esquire, stood Candidates; and many illegal Practices were used to gain Votes against the Petitioner, by giving Money to purchase their Freedoms, since the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and after the Order for calling the present Parliament: That the Mayor of York denied the Petitioner a Sight of the Names of those that were so made free; and threatened several who said they would vote for the Petitioner, to quarter Dragoons upon them; and did so, though contrary to Law; and turned others out of their Places, for saying, They were obliged to vote for the Petitioner: And that he was denied the Scrutiny of the Poll, though he did demand it, before the Books were closed; and, by many other illegal Practices, Mr. Jenkins procured himself to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioner, who, upon a fair Election, would have had the Majority of legal Votes: And praying such Relief in the Premises as the House shall think just.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do, every Morning at Ten Speaker'* a Clock, lock up the Back-doors of the Speaker's Chamber, and bring the Keys, and lay them upon the Table. e 00 e

A Complaint being made to the House, That Mr. Privilege. Robert Thompson and Samuel Robinfori, with others, had, the last Day but One of the last Session of Parliament, entered upon Wood-hall Park and House, which was in the Possession of Richard Woollaston Esquire, a Member of this House, and seized his Goods, in Breach of the Privileges of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint: And that they do report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

The Earl of Ranelagh, according to Order, presented Form in to the House a List of all the Land Forces now in Eng- England. land; and of what other Forces are in English Pay:

And the same was read; and is as followeth;

Troop® and Companies. Commissioned Officers. Non-commissioned Officers. 1 Private Men, excluding Servants. U a s

1 16 5 15 160 196

1 16 ' 5 15 160 196

1 16 5 t5 160 196

1 16 5 15 160 196

1 11 20 15 145

9 38 28 38 412 516

6 26 19 26 274 345

9 37 28 38 322 425

6 25 19 i26 214 284

6 25 19 26 214 284

6 25 *9 26 214 284

6 25 19 26 214 284

6 25 »9 2 6 214 284

59 301 210 307 2,863 3,68i

8 33 40 34 286 393

8 33 40 34 286 393

8 33 40 34 286 393

24 99 120 102 858 L179

FOOT

16® Decembris.

io W. Ill

357

16° Decembris.

FOOT.

First Regiment of Guards -

Second Regiment of Guards -

Third Regiment of Guards -

Royal Regiment ——

Brigadier Selwyn's ——

Major-General Churchill's -

Brigadier Trelawny's -

Major-General Earl's -

Royal Regiment of Fulileers in Jersey and Guernsey

Total of Foot

Total of Horse, Dragoons, and Foot, in England -

Four Companies formed of maimed and decrepit Soldiers, each Company confuting of 150 private Men, besides Officers; which are quartered at WindforHampt on-Court, Tinmouth,

and Chestet'; and who are allowed Five-pence a Day each, besides Cloaths once in Two Years: Besides which, the following Forces are in English Pay in the West Indies, viz.

Colonel Collingwood's Regiment in the Leew Four Companies at New-York -One Company at the Barbadoes -One Company at the Leeward Islands

Troops and Companies. Commissioned Officers. Non-co mmi ffioned Officers. Servants. Private Men, excluding Servants. Together.

28 91 228 114 1,856 2,289

M 47 114 58 922 1,141

- 26 85 212 106 1,740 2,143

26 81 13 5 106 934 1,256

13 41 68 54 466 629

- 13 4> 68 54 466 629

- 13 41 68 54 466 629

- 13 41 68 . 54 466 629

*3 41 68 54 466 629

- 159 509 1,029 654 7,782 9>974

- 242 909 i,359 1,063 11,503 14,834

Islands - 13 41 68 54 466 629

" 4 13 32 16 384 445

1 3 10 3 97 1*3

1 3 8 4 59 7i

19 60 118 77 1,003 1,258

Distillation from Com.

Ordered, That the said Lift be Referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of his Majesty's Speech is referred.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Gentlemen, who are to prepare the Bill to prevent the distilling low Wines, and Spirits, from Corn, That they make Provision to prevent Frauds in Distillers of low Wines, and Spirits.

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, presented Forces in

to the House a List of his Majesty's Forces upon the Ireland. Establishment of Ireland, in the Year 1698.

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

HORSE.

Major-General Leveson's Regiment Brigadier Langston's Regiment -Earl of Gallway's Regiment

Total of Horse -

DRAGOONS.

Colonel Ross's Regiment ——

Colonel Echlin's Regiment -

Colonel Cunningham's Regiment

Marquis De Miremont's Regiment - -

Total of Dragoons

FOOT.

Colonel Webb's Regiment - 1 -

Major-General Stewart's Regiment Sir John Hanmor's Regiment Brigadier Fairfax's Regiment Colonel Columbine's Regiment -Sir Bevill Granvill's Regiment -Colonel Brewer's Regiment Sir John Jacob's Regiment Colonel Tidcomb's Regiment Colonel How's Regiment -

Colonel Stanly's Regiment Sir Matth. Bridges' Regiment Colonel Fred. Hamilton's Regiment -

Vol. XII.

Troops and Companies. Commissioned Officers. Non-commissioned Officers. Servants allowed the Officers. Private Men. Total Numbers.

6 25 19 26 214 284

6 25 19 26 214 284

9 103 28 38 322 491

21 153 66 9° 750 1,059

8 33 40 34 286 393

8 33 40 34 286 393

8 33 40 34 286 393

8 33 40 34 286 393

32 132 160 136 1,144 1,572

13 41 '68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13' 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 466 629

13 41 . 68 54 466 629

13 41 68 54 4 66 629

4 Y FOOT.

Members

summooed.

The King's Speech considered.

Committees*

Relief of Creditors in Escapes.

Preservation of Game,

358 16° — 17* Decembris. A, 1698*

FOOT. T3 8 a 0. a, § a miniffioned Officers. io V-o g s 1 e AZ 4> Isa V S3 $ cd > m h< 1 9 z

u 0 HO 0 O <2 <r> U £ H

Brigadier Tiffin's Regiment 13 4» 68 54 4 66 629

Sir Hen. Bellafys' Regiment ----- - 13 4* 68 54 466 629

Brigadier Ingoldlby's Regiment - - - -Colonel Gust. Hamilton's Regiment ----- - 13 4* 68 . 54 466 629

»3 4t 68 54 4 66 629

Marquis de Puiffar's Regiment ----- - >3 41 68 54 466 629

Major-General la Melonier's Regiment - 13 96 4i 54 347 538

Earl of Lifford's Regiment ----- - 13 94 37 54 290 475

Brigadier Bellcastle's Regiment ----- - 13 94 40 54 334 522

Total of Foot 273 1,022 i,342 1A34 9,359 12,857

Horse 21 153 66 90 750 1,059

Dragoons - 32 132 160 136 i, M4 1,572

In all - 326 1,307 1,568 1,360 n,253 15,488

English reformed Officers, upon the Establishment of Ireland, 420; Coningsby.

Ordered, That the said Lift be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of his Majesty's Speech is referred.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminster-hall, and Court of Requests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution, which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Conyers also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may ' have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider ‘further of his Majesty's Speech.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.' ,

Yates: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Exporting Inhabitants, of the Town of Taunton, and Parts adjaceut, Wool, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That *

Ordered, That the Committee be appointed to consider of Ways, for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland into Foreign Parts: and to consider of the most proper Methods to encourage the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom; and report the feme to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Clark, Mr. Parkhurst, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Ogle, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Moore, Mr.

Kent, Sir Step. Lennard, Sir Barth. Shore, Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Bojcawen, Mr. Foley, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Popham, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr.

Sir Fra. Blake, Mr. Ctane, Mr. How, Sir Jof. Trcdenham,

Mr. Yates, Sir, JVm. Cook, Mr. Ireton, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Mounsteven, Mr. Lee, Mr. Kirkby, Sir John Phillips,

Mr. Ekins, Sir Wm.Ashurst, Mr. Hughes, Sir Robert Edon; and all that serve for the Counties of Devon, -

merfct, Wilts, Southampton, Worcester, Gloucester, York,

Sussex, Norfolk, and Suffolk: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers:

And they-are to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and- Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire what Proceedings have been in the Parliament of Ireland, since the last Session of Parliament here, in relation to the Woollen and Linen Manufactures; and report the same to the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Sabhati, 17° die Decembris; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

RDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual 'Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes: And that Mr. Bofcawen and Mr. Brotherson,-do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Game:

And it is referred to Mr. Hancock, Lord Coningsby,. Sir John Phi/lipps, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Smith, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Stringer, Mr.. Hughes, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Clayton, Sir Jacob Mr. Tfutrsby, Lord Combury, Mr. Harcourt, Mr. Duke,. Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Trenchard, Mr. Mitchell, Sir John Morden,. Mr,-

15

Ordered,.That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Yarmouth continuing a former Act for the clearing, preserving, HarbouT* maintaining, and repairing, the Harbour and Pier of Yarmouth: And that Mr. England and Mr. Hevening-ham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

_ -

Ordered, That Leave be given -to bring in a Bill for Defectiv# the quieting the -Subject against all Pretences of Conceal- Title*, ment whatsoever: And that Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Foley, and Sir Barth. Shore,-&a prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That they do provide for the Security of Purchasers, against dormant Titles of Papists Estates.

A Petition of HarryMordamt Esquire wras presented Bradley to the House, and read; setting forth, - That at the late Election. Election of Burgesses <0 serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Brackley, in the County of Northampton, the

Petitioner,

ioW. III. 17® — 190Decembris. 359

Petitioner, Charles Egerton Esquire, and Sir Aubrey

Itood Candidates, That Sir John by Contracts,

Bribes, and other illegal Practices, hath procured himself to be returned to serve for the said Borough, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Pre-miles into Confide ration.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Expiring Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider Law*- what Laws are expired, and near expiring, and are fit to be continued; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. . Sir Ellis,

Mr. Foley, Mr. Hareourt, Sir Ba Mr. England,

Mr. Bofcawen, Sir John Cotton, Mr. Sir Rich.

Car, Mr. Mounsleven, Sir Jof. Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Moore, Mr. Mou Mr. Bere, Mr. Hare, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Here, Sir J Mr

Mr. Verntm, Mr. Osborne, Sir IVm. Cook, Mr.;

and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's

Chamber.

Brecon A Petition of Jeffry Jeffrys, Esquire, was presented to

the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Votes at the last Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the Borough of Brecon; and many illegal Practices were then used on the behalf of Thomas Morgan Esquire; particularly, by the Sheriff of Brecon, who acted very partially against the Petitioner, and.returned the said Mr. Alorgan, in Wrong to the Petitioner; And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Distanding Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported, from the the Army. Committee of the whole House, to whom the Consideration of his Majesty's nroft gracious Speech was referred, the Resolution of the said Committee, which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Land-Forces in the Kingdom of England, in English Pay, exceeding Seven thousand Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be forthwith paid, and disbanded.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all the Land-Forces in the Kingdom of England, in English Pay, exceeding Seven thousand Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be forthw ith paid, and disbanded.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Re-solution:

And it is referred to Mr. Sir John Bolles, Sir

Rich. Onslow, Mr. Price, Sir Mr. Vaughan,

Sir Edu ard Seymour, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard Cox, Colonel G ranville, Mr. Hareourt, Sir Clayton, Mr . Conyers \or any Three of them j to prepare, and bring in, the feme.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do provide. That the said Seven thousand Men do consist of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects of England.

The King's Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, Speech eon- resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ®*MW* consider further of his Majesty's most gracious Speech.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That Vol. XII.

they had come to feme Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Mayday Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 19* die Decembr j io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray ers.

MR. England, according to Order, presented to the Yarmouth House a Bill for continuing a former Act for the Harbour* clearing, preserving, maintaining, and repairing, the Haven and Piero f Great Varmouth:And the same was received;

and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of PhilipBoteler, of Woodhall, in the County Privilege,

of Hertford, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, the Petitioner being an Infant, the Court of Chancery committed the Care of him, and his Estate, to a Master in Chancery; who lett Part of his Estate, called Woodhall Park and House, to fun Esquire, under Covenants, not to assign without Leave of the said Court; and Mr. Thompson gave Leave to Mr. Woollaston, a Member of this House, to hunt and fowl in the Petitioner's said Park; who destroying much of the Game, the Premises were, by Consent of the said Master, the Petitioner's Friends, and Mr. Thompson, agreed to be assigned to Sam. Robinson Esquire, as Tenant; denying to accept Mr. f Tool last on j and yet the Petitioner finds, by the Votes of this House, That Mr. Woollaston complains of a Breach of Privilege against Mr. and Mr. Robinson, for taking Possession of the said Premises: That Petitioner therefore prays to be heard, by Counsel, touching the said Matter, before the Committee, to whom the Matter of the said Complaint is referred.

Ordered, That the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, upon his said Petition, before the said Committee, at the same time the Matter of the said Complaint is heard by them.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay before this Army House an Account of what is due to the Forces now in Arrears* England, to the First Day of January next; distinguishing what due to the Officers, and what to the Soldiers.

Resolved, That this House will upon Mom- State of the

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Navy. House, to consider of the State of the Navy.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admi- Accounts re-ralty do lay before this House a List of the Ships the ing * Royal Navy is composed of, and in what Condition they avjr* are in, as to Repairs.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account how the Ten thousand Men, allowed the last Year for Sea-Service, have been employed.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account of what Money hath been given for the Use of the Navy since the Fifth Day of November 1688, to the First Day of December instant; and of what hath been paid for that Purpose j and of what Accounts have passed of any such Monies; and in what Methods the said Accounts are passed.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do also lay before this House an Account of what Orders have been made for new-erected Employments, between the Fifth Day of November t688, and the First Day of

December

360 19° — 20° — -2

December Instant; and for Increase of Salaries relating to the Navy.

Disbanding Mr. Conyers, according to Order, reported from the t e rmy. Committee of the whole House, to whom the further Consideration of his Majesty's Speech was referred, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; and which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's' Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow j viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Forces in Ireland, exceeding Twelve thousand Men, be forthwith disbanded.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all the Forces in Ireland which are not his Majesty's natural-born Subjects be forthwith disbanded.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by adding, after " Men," these Words, " Commission and " Non-commission Officers included :"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, fb amended, That all the Forces in Ireland, exceeding Twelve thousand Men, Commission and Non-commission Officers included, be forthwith disbanded.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That all the Forces in Ireland which are not his Majesty's natural-born Subjects be forthwith disbanded.

Resolved, That such Forces as shall be kept in Ireland, shall be maintained by the Kingdom of Ireland.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee appointed to prepare the Bill for the disbanding the Forces in England, That they do prepare Clauses, to be added to the said Bill, pursuant to the said Refelutions relating to the Forces in Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 20° Decembris;

1 o* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Poor Laws. JDESOLVED, That a Committee be appointed to

consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on work:

And it is referred to Mr. Gzryn, Sir Mr. Hamond, Lord Cheny, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Henly,

Mr. Shackerly, Colonel Sir Wm. Cook, Sir Rich.

Cocks, Sir Edzv. Hussey, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Hayes, Mr.

Blfeild, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Pelham, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir James Hublon, Mr. York, Mr. Perry, Mr. ingham, Mr. JVorsley, Mr. Cowper, Sir Vtllers, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir IVm. Norris, Mr. Ojjley, Mr. Topham, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Jolly, Sir Onslow, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Blysse, Mr. Osborn, Mr. Chase, Colonel King, Lord C» Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Vernon, Mr And all that

come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of all the Acts relating to the Poor; and of reducing the same into One Lawj and report their Opinion to the House.

Woollen Ma- Sir Edward Seymour presented to the House a Bill to niifartnre. encourage the Woollen Manufacture of; and to

restrain the Exportation of Woollen' Manufactures from Ireland info any foreign Parts; and for the better

i° Decembris. . 1698.

preventing the Exportation of Wrool from England and Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First time:

But, the same being brought in with feme Penalties therein, the same was, by Leave of the House withdrawn.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, Exporting who are to consider which Way to prevent the Exportation Wool, of Wool from England and Ireland into foreign Parts,

That they do examine and inquire into the Nature of the Licences for exporting Wool from Ireland, and of the Bonds given in relation thereunto; and how they have been prosecuted; and consider how they may be more / effectually prosecuted.

Mr. Lcrwnde, according to Order, presented to the Preventing House a Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year: And the same was received; ora' c and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 21° die Decembns; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Thomas Seciar Gentleman, was Marshalof

presented to the House, and read; setting forth. King's That William Lenthall Esquire, being seised, in Fee, of the "eDC"-Office of Marflialof the King's-Bench, in November 1684, articled to grant the Petitioner the said Office, with the Perquisites, for his Life, at 1,60 o I. per A Rent; but Lentall not performing the said Articles, the Petitioner, in 1694, exhibited his Bill in Chancery, to compel the Performance thereof, and before the Cause could be determined, an Act of Parliament passed, wherein there was a Clause relating to the said Office, in Prejudice of the Petitioner's Right, without Notice; so that Equity could not relieve the Petitioner: And thereupon, he applied himself to this House, the last Session of Parliament, by Petition; which was referred to a Committee; who reported, That the Petitioner had paid Lentall above 200l. in purl'uance of the said Articles; and that Seviar had spent 3,000l. in prosecuting, for the Benefit of them; and ought to b6 relieved: Whereupon, the House gave Leave to bring in a Clause for the Petitioner's Relief; which, being added to a Bill near the End of that Sessions, did not pals, for want of Time: Since which the Petitioner hath obtained Judgment for above 2,000 I. Damages, oh an Action, upon the said Articles, without any Regard to his Cods, which come to above 3,0001.: And, notwithstanding all these Proceedings, the Petitioner is retnedilels, without the Aid of an Act of Parliament, to provide against the said Clause in the former Act, which otherwise will be his utter Ruin: And praying. That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill to repeal the said Clause in an Act, passed in the 8th and 9th Year of his Majesty's Reign, for the more effectual Relief of Creditors in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses in Prisons, and pretended privileged Places.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Combury and Mr. Shackerly do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for Continuance of the Act for cleansing, pre- Yarmouth serving, maintaining, and repairing, the Haven and Her Harbour, of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was read a Second time:

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. E/iglatid, . Mr. Blqfeitd, Sir Wm. York, Sir John Phillips, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Mounstevens Sir Mr.

Hamond,

Preventing Export of Corn, &c.

Pifbanding the Army.

10 W. III. 210 Decembris*361

ffamond, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Yates, ingly; which they had directed him to present to the

Air. Jolly, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Eyres, Sir House: Which he did: And the same was received; and

Robert Eden, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Calthrop, Lord Donne, read the First time.

Air. If hit cheat. Sir Clo. Shovell, Mr. Sargtfon, Mr. Foley, RThat the Bill be read a Second time To-Alr. Barnardiston, Mr. Bull, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Osborne, morrow at Twelve a Clock.

Air. Chet:vyn, Mr. Methwyn, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Gorge,

Air. Foley, Mr. Duke, Mr. Perry, Mr. York, Sir Robei't - Sir Robert Rich, according to Order, presented to the Lift of the Cotton', and all that serve for the House, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, L'avy, &c.

A Lift of the Ships the Royal Navy is campoled of; and A Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Aleal, and in what Condition they are in, as to Repair: And also.

Bread, for One Year, was read a Second time. An Account how the Ten thousand Alen, allowed the

Rifolved, rlhat the Bill be committed, upon the De- last Year by the Parliament, are employed: bate of the House, to a Committee of the whole House. And also acquainted the House, That the Account of Resolved, That this House w ill, Tomorrow Aloming, the new-erected Employments, and Increase of Salaries; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to relating to the Navy, cannot be ready till Tomorrow; coolider of the said Bill. and the Account of the Aloney given and paid for the Use of the Navy, and the Accounts that have passed Air. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom concerning the same, cannot possibly be ready till after it was referred to prepare, and bring in, a Bill for disband- the Holidays.

ing the Forces, That they had prepared a Bill accord- Which Lilt and Account are as follow;

20th December 169S.

A LIST of the Ships the Royal Navy is composed of; and in what Condition they are, as to Repair.

Rates. Ships Names. At Sea. Condition. Ratefc. Ships Names. At Sea. Condition.

In Repair. Under Repair. Want greatRepair, or Rebuilding. Lesser Repair. In Repair. Under Repair. Want great Repair, or Rebuilding. Lesser Repair.

1 St. Andrew . — — 3d Lenox , — \/

Britannia - - — v/ Monmouth . v/

London - — — — n/ Norfolk . — v/

Queen - — v/ Northumberland - — — — v/

Victory - — v/ Newark - —

Royal William - — v/ Royal Oak - vC

Orford - — v/

2 Albemarle - — — — v/ Resolution - - v/

Association - — v/ Reiteration - — — — v/

Barfleur - — ‘ v/ Rupert - — — v/

Duke — — — v/ Russell - — v/

Duchess - — ‘ — — v/ Ranelagh - - — v/

St. George - — ' — — v/ Sterling Castle - - — — v/

Royal Katharine - — — — v/ Suffolk - — — v/

St. Michael - — — v/ Swiftfure - - v/

Neptune - v/ Shrewsbury - — v'

Namure - — \/ Somersett - - — v/

OlTery - — — — v/ Torbay - — v/

Sandwich - v/ Warfpight - </

Triumph - - — v/ Yarmouth - - — v/

Vanguard - \/

4 Assistance - — — y/

3d Berwick - — — v/ Anglesea - - v/

Bedford - — v/ Advice - — — J

Boyne - v/ Bristol - — v/

Bredah - — v/ Bonadventure - — — — V'

Burford - — — Burlington - - — . v/

Captain - — — — v/ Blackwall - - — . v/

Cornwall - - — v/ Canterbury - — \/

Chichester - - — v/ Centurion - - v/

Cambridge - — v/ Chatham - - v/

Cumberland - — v/ Chester — \/

Content Prize . — >/ Crown — v/

Defiance - . v/ \ Col chester - — v/

Devonshire - — v/ Coventry - - v/

Dorsetshire - — - v/ Carlisle - — y/

Eagle - — — T v/ Deptford - - v/

Edgar - — — — \S Dover - v/

Elizabeth - v/ Dragon - — v/

Efi'ex - — — v/ Dunkirk - v/

Expedition - — — v/ Dreadnought - —

Grafton —: — Dartmouth - — v/

Hampton-Court - — — — v/ Exeter - v/

Humber - v/ Falmouth - - s/

Ipswich - v/ Falkland - - —

Kent _ — — >/ Greenwich -

Lancaster - - " v/ Gloucester - "l A

Vo i. XII. 4Z Guernsey

3*2

Hates.

4

2i° Decembris. A. 1698.

% Ships Names. At Sea. Condition'.

3 Ok Hi PS a — t Under Repair. 8\s fti ~0 a £ -D a Z Leflfer Repair.

Guernsey - - — v/

Harwich - a/

Hampshire -

Jersey - — v/

Kingston - -

Kingsilher - - — > — a/

Lincolne - - — v/

Litchfeild - — v/

Medway . v/

Medway Prize - — — — a/

Monk - — — — v/

Mary - — v/

Mountague - — y/

Newcastle - — >/

Norwich - - */

Nonfoch - - — v/

Oxford — v/

Portland - - — a/

Pent brook - - — a/

Pendennis - v/ -

Plymouth - - — v/

Reserve — _ — v/

Rochester - v/

Ruby - ' — v/

Romney ‘ — v/

Southampton - — — — */

Sunderland — v/

Severne ' v/

Salisbury - - ' — a/

Tyger - ' v/

Trident Prize - ' — - — a/

Weymouth - v/

Woolwich - _ 1 —

Windsor - ' — v/

Warwick - _ ' — v/

Winchester «. ' a/

Worcester ' — v/

York - v/

Adventure - m v/

Arundeli - - v/

Betty - v/

Bedford Gaily v/

Bridgwater . — a/

Charles Gaily - ' — — v/

Dolphin - v/

Experiment - a/

Fbwey . — — — v/

Feveriham - — v/

Gosport - ' —

Hatiings - - v/

Lyme. - v/

Lynn - v/

Lowlloft - - _ y/

Lewis Prize _ — — — a/

Looe v/

Ludlow v/

Mary Gaily - v/

Mermaid - v/

Milford - — v/

Poole - v/

Roebuck - - a/

Rye - - a/

Sheerness - — —

Saudadoes Prize - v/

Sfjoreham - - a/

Sorlings - v/

Speedwell - - v/

Scarborough - — a/

South-Sea Cattle - — v/

Rates. Ships Names- At Sea. Condition.

In Repair. Under Repair. Want groat Repair, or Rebuilding. Lefitr Repair.

5 Terrible — — _ — a/

Thunderbolt Prize — — — v/

Winchelsea - — a/

6 Biddeford - ~ - - a/.

Dunwich - v/

Deal Cattle a/

Essex Prize a/

Flambrough a/

Germoon Prize - a/

Lizard v/

Margate — — — — v"

Maidstone - a/

Newport - a/.

Penzance - a/

Queenbrough a/

Rupert Prize a/

Swan a/

Solebay . - — V a/

Seahorse - a/

Sun Prize - v/

Seaford a/

Fire-Ships.

Firebrand - — — a/

Griffin ' — v/

Hunter — — — — a/

Hawk — v'

Lightning - a/

Phoenix — — . v/

Strombolo - — y/

Vultur — — a/

Vulcan v/

Vesuvius - — 1 a/

Advice-Boats.

Expness \/

Eagle v/

Messenger -

Scout-Boat — a/

Bomb-Vessels.

Basilisk — a/

Blast — — — — a/

Carcass — — — — a/

Comet — — — i a/

Firedrake - _ — — — a/

Furnace _ — . — — a/

Granada - _ — — — a/

Mortar — — — a/

Portsmouth r- - — — — v<

Salamander a/

Star - a/

Serpent — — — — a/

Terror — — — a/

Brigantines.

Discovery - — — — v/

Dispateh - a/

Diligence - — —: — a/

Fly - v/

Intelligence a/

Post-Boy - — — — a/

Spy - - - a/

Delight

IO W. III.

ai® Decembris.

3<?3

Rates.

Condition. ABSTRACT of the foregoing LIST.

Ships Names. fa as CL H (2 -5 C *3 CL 02 c$ P3 Condition.

M < In Repaii <y <V a D |i R r 4> & ►3 Rates. M 8 V L-. o i CO 4-> L ‘3 £ as U L *5 Ofl C -CL <U 3 8 ? S 13 s ' 0.

Hoys. & *<

iff. - 6 4 2

Delight — 2d. - M — 4 1 0

Foreller . - — v/ 3d. - - 45 7 19 10 8 1

Lighter _ v/ 4th. - 64 22 33 3 5 1

Marigold - — v/ 5th. - 34 16 10 3 5

Nonluch - v/ 6th. - 18 14 1 3

Sophia _ v/ Fireships 10 1 3 3 3

Supply — x/ Advice-boats 4 3 1

Transporter — v/ Bomb-Vessels 13 2 _. — __ 11

Unity Horie-boat i — v/ Brigantines . 7 3 _ 4

Unity - 2 — Hulks 11 3 7 _ 1

Unity - 3 >/ Hoy: 3 16 16

Truelove - _ v/ Ketches 2 1 m T 1

Sheerness Water-boat. — v/ Pink 1 1

Transport Lighter ... */ Smacks 2 1 1

Endeavour mmmm v' Store-Ships 4 4

Owners Goodwill _ Two-Boats 2 2

Ketches. Yachts 13 12 2 - -

266 88

103 >7 29 29

Providence — — — v/

Martin v/

The said ACCOUNT.

Pink. *> -» No. of No. of How the Ships

Sj 03 Sh'fs Name#. Men. Guns. are employed.

Paramour - v/

3d Humber _ 322 80

Hulks. Monmouth - 250 58

Refblution - 264 60

Alia at i ?adiz. Swiftfure - - 2 64 60

Arms of Rotterdam — — — v/ 4 Centurion - - 197‘ 42

Chatham - — x/ Greenwich - 182 46

St. David - Kinfale. Hampshire - 149 42

Exeter — x/ Pendennis - - 149 42

Ruby - — v/ Rochester - - 149 42

Josiah — v/ Tyger - >49 40

Leopard - — v/ York - 206 52

Loyalty at Cadiz. 5 Bedford Gaily - 1 >5 34

Plymouth - — v' Lyme 90 *8

Succels x/ Looe - 90 28

Mary Gaily - 90 28

Smacks. 6 Rye Deal-Castle 90 70 28 22

Royal Escape — — — >/ Dunwich - - 70 22

FlemifhLong-boat — t/ Flambrough - 70 22

Penzance - - 70 22 QJ 0

Yacht3. Swan 70 22 '>* u

a> cn

Charlott - v/ Fireships.

Cleveland -Fubbs attc v/ nds tl ie Ten. ver. Griffin - 45 S 0 s

Henrietta - */ ' '

Isabella I lie of Wight v/ v/ Advice-Boats. f 4G.

Jemie — % / Express - 40 \ 6 Pat.

Katharine -Mary v/ v/ Messenger - - 40 D itto

Queenborough - v/

Soefdyke -Squjrrell - x/ Brigantines.

William & Mary - v' Ely - 35 f Pat. 6 t Fal. 2

Store-Ships. Intelligence - 35 Ditto

Canterbury v/ IT CD ( 1 - 35 Ditto

Katharine - v/ Yachts.

Suffolk Hag-boat

Greenfilh - ✓ 6 Charlott - - 20 I 6

Fubbs m 30 10

Two-boats, Two - — v/ Henrietta - 20 1 { 1 6

V©i. XII.

Habelfc

Ships inPay, and Accounts relating to the Navy.

364 - a 1* Decemlris. A. 1698

I Ships Names. No. of No. af How the Ships are

Men. Guns. employed.

Isabella - 20 6

Isle of Wight 5 4

Katharine - 20 6

Mary 20 6

Soefdyke - 35 f 8 Pat. I 6

William & Mary 40 V. 10 Home-Service.

Store-Ships.

Katharine - 30 6 -

Suffolk Hag-Boat 50 10

Weymonth J97 42 Gone up the Straits with the Trade from

Winchester 197 42

Sorlings 28 Newfoundland.

Boyne 398 80

Defiance - 312 56

Ipswich 370 62

Coventry - >97 42

Dover 197 42

Exeter 278 60

Medway - 278 60

Kingstone - 278 60

Adventure - 160 38

Betty 115 28

Experiment »15 28

Pool 115 28 \

Seaford 95 1 22

Seahorse - 95 22 Mediterranean

' Squadron.

Fire-Ship.

Vulcan 45 8

Store-Ship. Canterbury 35 8

Bomb-Vessels.

Salamander 35 f G. to 1 M. 2

Star - 25 8 -

Rate. Ships Names. No. of Men. No. of Guns.

4 Falmouth - 197 42

Gloucester - 278 60

Dunkirk - - 20 26

5 Lynn - »>5 28

6 Germoon Prize - 50 10

4 Anglesea - - 197 42

Harwich - - 197 42

5 Hastings - - i>5 28

6 Lizard - 95 . 22

5 Speedwell - - 115 26

Saudadoes Prize 15° 36

6 Essex Prize - ' 60 J4

Maidstone - - 95 22

Quinbrough - 95 22

5 Dolphin - - 9° 26

Roebuck - 50 12

6 Paramour Pink - 20 (Gs. 6 I*

Rupert Prize - 70 16

In all 9.297

How the Ships are employed.

West-India

Squadron.

East India

Squadron.

Attend the Plantations.

On particular Occasions.

ABSTRACT.

Rates. Home-Service. Gone up the Straits with Newfoundland Ship. Mediterranean Squadron. West-India Squadron. East India Squadron. Attend the Plantations. On particular Services.

3d. - 4 - 3 - - _ -

4th. - 7 2 5 rt O 2 - -

5th- - 5 1 4 1 1 2 2

Gth. 5 - 0 1 1 3 2

Advice-Boats 2 - -

Brigantines - 3 - -

Yachts 9 m -

Store-Ships - 2 - 1 . -

Fireship 1 - 1 - -

Bomb-Vessels - - 2 -

38 3 18 5 4 5 4

Ordered, That the said Lift, and Account, presented to the House, do lie upon the Table, to be peruled by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this Ilonfe a List of the Ships that were in Sea-Pay the First day of 1697; and an

Account of what was then due, and in Arrear of Pay, to those Ships; and also, of what hath been paid to them ftnce that Time; and where the said Ships then were.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account of what Ships have been fitted out since the Peace was proclaimed; and of their Stations.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account when the and JVe4-India, and Straits, Squadron were ordered to fail, and did fail.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account how the said Squadrons w ere victualled at their going out, and in what Method, and by whom; and all'o, how, and by whom, they were, or are to be, victualled, during their Continuance abroad.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lav before this House an Account of what Money was paid to each of the said Squadrons upon their going out; and of what is lull due to them.

14

Refotced, That this House will, upon Ain lay Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the State of the Navy.

Sir Edward Seymour, according to Order, [(relented to the House a Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland:

And the same was read the First time.

llefolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for naturalizing Mr. Peter Lapcll: And that Mr. Boyle do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, The* the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the City of Westminster, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one JFm. Woollaston, a Witness at the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon Alonday last, was arrested, as he went from the said Committee, by one and his

Follower, who full detain him in their Custody; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That the said Leicester, and his Follower, do attend the House Tomorrow' Morning, and bring with them the said William Wooltajton.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

State of the Navy.

Encouraging Woollen Manufacture.

Lapellvs Nat.

Westminster

Ele&ioo.

Privilege of Witnesse*.

Minebea*!

Ikle&on

Dunwich

Election.

rerenting

Export of Com, ice.

Distillation from Com.

Preventing Export of Con^ tic.

Ailefbury

Eledioo.

i o W. III. 22* Decentbris. 3^5

Jovis, 22* die Decembris;

10* Gutielaii Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of John Sand ford Esquire, together with the Constable, and ftveial of the principal Inhabitants, of the Borough of Mine head, in the County of Sumer ft, on the behalf of themselves, and divers others, w as relented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Majority of legal Electors of Burgesses to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough declared, They would choose the Petitioner Sandjord; but, by Bribes, Treating, other undue Means of Jacob Banks Esquire, a Foreigner, and his Agents, he procured hiiufelfto be chosen, and returned; contrary to the Law; and prejudicial to the Privileges of the said Borough: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof;, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Sir Henry JohnfonKnight was presented

tb the House, and read; fitting forth, That the Petitioner was chosen a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Dun:rich, in the County by the

Majority of legal Electors; but Sir Robert Rich, and Henry Heceningham Esquire, by corrupt Practices, and

procuring the Bailiff and Recorder, to refule divers qualified Voters for the Petitioner, and admitting others unqualified to vote against him, have gotten themselves returned as duly elected; and the Petitioner was denied a Scrutiny of the Poll: And praying the House. to appoint fdme Day for hearing the Matter of the said Election.

Ordered, That the Consideration oi the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, for the Ease of Persons in carrying Corn to Market from the lile of Wighand other Places, into this Kingdom; and Coastwise.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines from Corn; and to prevent E'rauds in Distillers: And the same was received; and read the First time. Rejulved, That the Bill be lvad a Second time.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year, is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause for enabling his Majesty, if he shall think it for the Service of the Nation, within the Year, to give Leave to export Corn.

A Petition of Richard Heywoo and others. Inhabitants

of the Borough of Aitesbury, in the County of Bucks, in behalf of themselves, and divers others, inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the last Election of Members to serve in Parliament for the said Borough, divers illegal Practices were used in behalf of Sir 7 Let, One of the Sitting Members, and Simon Mayne Esquire; by which a Majority of Votes was procured for Sir Lee, who was thereupon returned, in Prejudice of the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report Vo u XII.

the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House: And that they do hear the Matter of the said Petition at the same time the Matter of the former Petitions, relating to the said Election, is, by the said Committee, appointed to be heard.

Mr. Boyle, according to Order, presented to the House Lepell'sNan a Bill for naturalizing Peter Lepell: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Rowland Guyn, according to the Order of the Day, Westmi after reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, Election, the Matter of the Election for the City upon

the Petition of Sir Henry Dutton C, as it appeared to the Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered In at the Clerk's Table: tVhere the same were ' read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Henry Dutton Colt Baronet, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of the Right Honourable James Vernon and Charles Mountague Esquires to serve for Westminster:

That the Petitioner's Counsel allowed the Sitting Members to have a great Majority upon the Poll: But they infilled, that there had been several Irregularities in the'

Election; and likewise that Mr. Mountague, at the time: of the Elefition, was not qualified to be elected.

And, as to the Irregularities; they called,

Mr. Smith Clerk of the Peace, Mr. Tho. Ball, Mr.'

John Meard, and Air. Geo. Mills:

By w hole Evidence it appeared. That a Paper was tendered to the Grand Jury, by the Foreman, in the Nature, of a Presentment, by which they recommended the Sitting-Members as Persons of great Parts, Worth, and Loyalty, and the most fit Persons to serve in Parliament for Westminster: But there were no Threats, or Promises, made use of to prevail upon any of the Grand Jury to sign it; and Four of them refused to do it: That the same was afterwards presented to the Justices in Sessions:

And Ball said, the Foreman told the Jury, it came' from the Bench:

But Mr. Meard, the Foreman, said, That a Glover,

One of the Four that had refused, afterwards told him he had signed it, but that Sir Henry had engaged him to the contrary: And another, that lived at the Tavern in,

Piccadilly, laid, He refused it as living in the same Parish with the Petitioner, and it might hinder his Trade; but afterwards wished he had signed it:

And Meard further said, That he did not receive any Directions from the Justices concerning the Presentment; but himself ordered it to be wrote:

Mr. Meard also said, That, after their making the said,' Presentment, several of the Justices, and Jury, went to Mr. Mountague'& House; they miffed of him, but met ‘ with Mr. Vernon, and made it their Request to him to stand; but did not carry the Presentment with them.

That, to another Point, the Petitioner's Counsel called,

Matthew Evans, Timothy Dolben, Mich. Gillingham,

Edward Collier, John Boswell, Wm. Giles, John Wodbum,

James Dando, Samuel Sturt, and John Jeffryes:

Who said, 'I hey were in Tuttle-Jields at the time of the Election; and that there were great Dilbrders in the Field:

That a Party of Horse, that appeared for the Sitting Members, broke in upon many Persons on Foot for Sir Hen. Dutton Colt, and trod feme down; (a) [and drove] others into a great Ditch; and wounded several others; particularly one Gill, who died, about Three Weeks since, of the Bruises he there received.

Gillingham laid, That Captain D ordered the Horie-Grenadiers to pull off their Housings, and ride, as House-keepers, in coloured Cloaths; and Serjeants Hedley, Chit-haiH, and Barton, were there under Dent's Command; and that Jennings, a Corporal of Horse-Grenadiers, knocked down Seven or Eight with a Broom-staff.

(a) Supplied from the original Report

5 A Giles

Westminster

Klefiioiu

366 22° Decembris. A. 1698.

Giles and Woodbitrue said, That one in a gold-laced to the Bailiff for his Book; but the Bailiff did not then

Scarlet Coat, like an Officer, rode up to Sir 11. Dutton deliver it to him; but laid, He should have it when the Colt, and held a Piltol at him; and swore there would be other Candidates hud theirs.

Murder, if he did not depart out of the Field: And, to that Bart of the Petition that laid, Mr.

And Giles laid further, That the said Person, being Mount ague was not qualified;

asked what he had to do there? said, His Business was to The Petitioner's Counsel explained themselves. That it bring his Men on and off. was in relation to his being One of the Lords Justices; and

Bofu'dl said, That they beat a Man under a Cart; and had signed a Proclamation for proroguing the Parliament, did threaten to shoot him, till lie cried out A Mountague For the Sitting Member, were called, and Vernon. Mr. Echvard , Mr. Tho. Moody, Mr. T/io. Stone,

Woodburnsaid, Being a Soldier, he was commanded by Sir Talbot Clark, and Mr.'/or; Who said, They were all Harding to poll for Mountagu anti Vernon; but answered, in Tuttle-Jields at the time of the Kle&ion, and that the He did not pay to Church and Poor; yet owned, he polled Disturbance first began by the Petitioner's Party throwing for Sir llttnryCult. Dirt, and Sand, and Cabbage (talks, and striking the Dundo said, That Taylor, the Messenger, knocked him Horses, without any Provocation: That the Sitting Metn-down; for which, afterw ards, he received of him a Guinea, bers were at a great Distance; and gave no Encourage-for Satisfaction. ment to the Disturbance.

And Jeffries said. That Gibbons and Ferryman, and And Sir Talbot Clark particularly said, That, presently others, with Whips and Sticks, (truck and lathed several after he came into the Field, a Black, which he believes of Sir Henry Dutton Colt's Party. belonged to Sir Henry Colt (because he hath leen him fol-

Severalof the Witnesses said. That one Party was led low Sir Henry's Chair) with 2 or 3 more, struck his Horse by Jennings, who had no Vote; but was followed by Hoi- over the Nose, and beat him off his Horse; and beat his lingworth and Meers, and several others; some with Man; and Sir Hairy said, Goon, goon: And that he-Broomfiicks, and others, with Sword and Pistols, on did not fee any Violence before the Petitioner's Party Horseback; and the Horses were large, like Soldiers or began it

Coach Horses; and that Sir Hairy Dutton Colt's Men And Mr. Fox said, He had known Elections for 25 were assaulted without Provocation that they fee; only Years; and it was usual, upon these Elections, for the it had been reported, that Cards and Dice had been ordinary People to make Disturbance; who come in, in thrown up, and Sand and Dirt thrown. an insolent Manner, and fright the Horses; and that,

Dolben, the Surgeon, said, He had Three of the wounded formerly, Sir Gilbert Gerrard and Mr. Owen were fain to under his Hand: And, be carried off, upon a Disturbance occasioned first by

Samuel Sturt, another Surgeon, said, He had Seven un- their own Party, cler his Cure; One of which was for the Sitting Members. As to the Poll; the said Mr. Fox, who took the Poll, Jeffries testified. That he heard Mr. Argus iay, That laid, He would say it was the faireftthat had been taken in Mr. Mountague had procured Tom of Westminster to be his Time, and there was no Partiality fliewnof either Side; given to the Parish. That all Persons were let indifferently to the Bar to poll,

Matthew Rogers laid. It was reported, That a Door in and there was no Threatening or Browbeating of the Pe- ' the Park would be opened; and it was gained by Mr. titioner's Voters; and, for the greater Conveniency of Mountagues Means. Gentlemen, they were let into the Court, and polled for

Then, as to the Point of Treating; they called, the Sitting Members, and Petitioner, alternately: That it

Thomas Woolly, Tho. Stroud: Who said, That they was a Quarter past 2 when the Poll was closed; and 16 were lent for by Brown a Messenger, and one Bateman, Proclamations were made before the same was closed: to a Publick-house that one Wade kept, and asked to That, for several Proclamations before, there came in only vote for the fitting Members; and there eat Lamb, and One Man at the 3d Proclamation, to keep the Poll on drank; and that Broom and Bateman paid the Reckoning. Foot: That the Reason why the Head Bailiff did not pre-< Stroud said allb. That several were treated at the Ship fently deliver the Petitioner's Clerk his Poll-Book, was. Tavern , Westminster;and with Coffee, and strongWaters: because the Candidates were first to meet, and agree the But could not say it was by Order of the Sitting Mem- Seals; the Poll-Books having been sealed up upon every bers, or that they paid for it. Adjournment: That, upon calling up the Books, they

Peter Wade said, Brown and Bateman were at hisHouse all agreed; and there were,

Three several times, and lent for several Neighbours, and for Mr. Mountague - - - 2836

desired them to vote for the Sitting Members: That one For Mr. Vernon ... 266 2

time they bespoke a Shoulder of Veal; but he, not know- For Sir H. D. Colt - - - 2026

ing them, did not provide it; so they had some cold That the Sitting Members Counsel would have called' Lamb: And Brown and Bateman paid; and the Keck- more Witnesses as to the Poll; but the Committee were oning came to 17 d. satisfied without it.

Jeffryes laid, That Ferryman told him, He had 3 s.6d. Thereupon, the Counsel withdrew, desiring a Gentle-given him for his Horse. man of the House to acquaint the Committee with his

John Nclthrop said. That George Eades asked hint to Knowlege in relation to the Bell and Clock-house: come to his House, and eat some Bacon; and said they Which, when the Counsel were withdrawn, Mr. would go in a Body, and vote for the Sitting Members. Lowndes did.

As to Threatenings; the Petitioner's Counsel called. And the Committee, having considered of the Peti-William Spratt: Who laid, That Mr. Justice Tally tioner's Counsel's Objection to Mr. Election,

asked One, where he was going? Who answered, To vote as One of the Lords Justices, came to the following Re-for Sir Henry Dutton Colt; and Mr. Tally gave him a solutions;

Touch on his Shoulder with his Cane, and bid him go Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, about his Business; and told him he had better not go. That Charles Mountague Esquire is duly elected a Citi-Asto the Poll; the Petitioner's Counsel called, zen to serve in this present Parliament for the City of

Trianor Baldxvyn, who took the Poll for the Petitioner: W°.stminster.

Said, That, a little before the Close of the Poll, the Peti- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

tioner desired the Poll might be adjourned for an Hour, That James Vernon Esquire is duly elected a Citizen to

because he expected a great many in the Afternoon; but serve in this present Parliament for the City of West'll was denied: Yet Baldwyn acknowleged, there were minster.

none to be polled at the time of closing the Poll; and ac- Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

know leged, there hud beeu about Seven or Eight Procla- That the Petition of Sir Henry Dutton Colt is fr.ivolous,

mations for Persons to come in before it was closed; That, vexatious, and scandalous.

at ter the Poll was over, he went, by Sir Hen.Colt's Order, The

C

Reflation against Foreigner* voting.

PenrynWrit.

TotnefiWrit,

Agmonde-lham Writ,

Stork bridge Writ*

Newport

Writ.

Grano pound Writ

EastloeWrit

io w. III. 220 — 23 ° Decembris. 367

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That no Alien, not

being a Denizon, or naturalized, hath any Right to vote in Elections of Members to lerve in Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Members who are to prepare the Bill for qualifying of Members to fit in Parliament; and further Regulating of Elections; That they do bring into the said Bill a Clause, or Clauses, pursuant to the said Resolution.

Mr. Secretary Vernon, being chosen a Citizen for the City of Westminister; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Penryn, in the County of C; made his Election

to serve for the City of Westminste

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Penryn, in the room of the said Mr. Vernon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to lerve in this, present Parliament for the said Borough of Eastloe, in the room of the said Mr.

Trelawny,

Ordered, That the Bill for the speedy and effectual Difbaoding Dilbauding of the Forces in England and Ireland be read th* Army, a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

t

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Preventing relblve itfijlf into a Committee of the whole House, to ^xPor*ot consider of the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, 0ru' C" Meal, and Bread, for One Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 23° die;

io° Gulielmi Tertii.

Sir Edu ard Seymour, being chosen a Citizen for the City of Exeter , and a'so a Burgess for the Borough oiTotness; Praters.

in the County of Devon; made his Election to serve for A PET IT ION of William Fitch Esquire was pre- Malden the City of Eveter. fented to the House, ahdread; setting forth, That

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to at the late Election of Burgesses to serve in this present the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of eleCfing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for Essex, Sir and the Petitioner the said Borough oiTotness, in the room of the said Sir Rood Candidates; and the Majority of legal Voters were Edward Seymour. for the Petitioner, who ought to have been returned One

of the Burgesses for the said Borough; but, by illegal and The Ix>rd Ckeine, being chosen a Knight of the Shire undue Practices, the Bailiffs of the said Borough were for the County of Bucks; and also a Burgess for the Bo- prevailed upon to return Mr. Mountagu, instead of the Pe-rough of Agmondesham, in the said County; made his titioner, to his Wrong: And praying the Consideration of Election to serve for the said County of Bucks. the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and re-the said Borough of Agmondesham, in the room of the said port the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Lord Cheine. '

George Pitt Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Wareham, in the County of Dorset; and also a Burgess for the Borough of in the County of Southampton; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Wareham.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his WTarrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Stockbridge, in the room of the said Mr.

Put.

The Lord Cults, being chosen a Knight for the County of Cambridge; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, alias Medena, in the County of Southampton; made his Election to serve for the County of Cambridge.

Ordered, That Mr Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Newport, alias Medena, in the room of the said Lord Cutts.

John Tanner Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of St.Germains, in the County of Cornwall; and

also for the Borough of Grampound, in the said County; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of St. Germains.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Grampound, in the room of the said Mr. Tamer.

Charles Trelawney Esquire, being chosen a Burgess for* the Borough of Plymouth, in the County of Devon; and also for the Borough of Eastloe, in the County of Cornwall; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Plymouth.

Vo L.XII.

A Petition of Ambrose Pudsey Esquire was presented ciitbero to the House, and read; setting forth, That at the Election Election. of Burgesses to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Clithero, in the County of Lancaster, the Petitioner was duly elected by the Majority of legal Voters, and ought to have been returned with Christopher Lister Esquire; but the Bailiffs of the said Borough have returned Thomas Stringer Esquire, in Wrong to the Petitioner: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

Who are to examine the Matter; and report it, with their Opinions therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Order against High Conliables of the City of Westm That the Con- Gaming, stables in waiting do take care there be no Gaming, or bther Disorders, in Westminster-hall, during the Sitting of Parliament; and that there be no Annoyance by Chairmen, or otherwise, thereabouts.

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do take care the Footmen be removed from off the Stairs in the Passage to the House, to prevent any Annoyance by them.

Mr. William Woollaston and John Leicester attending. Privilege of according to Order; Witneiieg.

They were called in, to the Bar: Where they were examined.....the Arrest of the said Mr. Woollaston.

And then they withdrew.

It appearing to this House, That the said John Leicester, a MarUml's-court-man, did arrest the said Mr. Woollaston, as he was going from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to which he was summoned;

Resolved, That the l'uid John Leicester is guilty of a Breach of Privilege of this House.

Ordered,

368 $3 0 Decembris — 2° Januarii. .^.1698.

Ordered, That the said John Leicester be, for the said Breach of Privilege, taken into the Cuitudy of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Seaford Mr. Speaker ‘acquainted the House, That he had re-

Writ. ceived a Letter from Sir William , who is very ill

of the Ci out, That he, being elected a Knight for the County of Sussex;and all'o a Com-Baron for the PovtoiSeaford; makes his Election to serve for the County of Susscr.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Com-Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the said Port of Seaford.

Prizes taken. Ordered, That the Commissioners of Prizes do lay before this House an Account of what Ships have been taken since the War; bow disposed of; and how the Proceed of such Ships, and Goods, have been applied.

John Morris Esquire, being chosen a Bargefs to serve Newport in this present Parliament for the Borough of Saltash, in Writ, the County of Cornwall; and also for the Borough of Newport, in the same County; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of Saltash.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Neu'port.

Charles Fox' Esquire, being chosen a Citizen for the Cricklade City of Salisbury; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Writ.

Cricklade; in the County of Wilts; made his Election to serve for the City of Salisbury.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to tire Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Cricklade.

Suppre fling Vice and Immorality.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Sir John Phillips, according to Order, presented to the Suppressing Bills, for the more effectual discouraging and suppressing House a Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Vice Vice and Profaneness, and all manner of Vice and Immorality: and Immorality: And the same was received; and read Immorality.. And that Sir John Philips, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Perry, the First time.

and Mr. Boj'cawen, do prepare the said Bill, of Bills. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Disbanding A Bill for the speedy and effectual Disbanding the the Army, forces in England and Ireland was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, Nemine contradicenie. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That tins House will, upon Wethtefday come Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee' of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Call of the House.

Preventing Export of Coro, 6c c.

0> dered, That this House be called over upon Tuesday

come Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this-House will, upon Monday Seven* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Sevennight, Eight a Clock in the Morning.

Luna,2* die Januarii;

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Leptll's Nat ATlcolas Lepell took the Oaths appointed; in: order to his Naturalization.

Then the Bill for naturalizing the said Nicolas Lepell was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the said Bill be committed to Mr. Boyle, Mr. Thornhagh, Colonel God fry, Mr.

Sir John Philips, Mr. Hamortd, Mr. Sir John

Bolles, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Mr. BlofeUd,

Mr. Morris, Major-General Mr. Morgan, Sir

Richard Cox, Mr. Offley, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Osborne, Sir Abst. Danby, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Yates, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Blaake, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Hughes, Mt. Cook, Sir John jFagg, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Harvey, Mr. England, Sir Hm. Couper, Sir Edward Hussey: And-they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Gifts to Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Charitable the Conveying of Lands, Tenements, Bents, Tythes, and Ufr*- Hereditaments, to any College, or School, for the; Edu-

cation of poor Scholars, or Advancement of Learning; or Improvement of any Parsonage or Vicarage; or any other charitable Ule: And that Mr. Thirsby and Mr, Foley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

*7

A Petition of John Goodall, of the Bdrough of Leicester, Abuse* in in the County of Leicester, Ironmonger, was presented King's Tench to the House, and read; setting forth, That John was arrested, at the Petitioner's Suit, for 2,800l. which r is still due to him; and Kelfon removed himself to the Fleet Prison; w here, he being a declared Bankrupt, the Commissioners, for that Purpose, went to examine him, upon Oath, in relation to his Eltaie; but he refusing to an fiver, the Commissioners committed him a close Prisoner to the said Prison; hut the Warden of the Fleet hath permitted the said KelJ'on to have unlawful Liberty, and to go beyond Sea, to the Ruin of the Petitioner, who is forced to be a Prisoner in Leices Gaol, for want of the said Money to- pay: his Creditors: And praying the Consideration of the' House, and1 Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Foley, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr.

Carter, Mr. Blake, Mr. Hehly, Mr Sir Robert

Cotton, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Dyott^ Mr. Thornhagb, Mr1.

Phillips, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. Sir Sam. Bar-

mrdiston. Sir Edward Hungerjord, Sir Tho.

Mr. White, Mr. Mason, Mr. BloJ'eld, Sir John Aubrey

Sir Barth. Shore, Mr. Mason, Mr. England, Sir John Phillips, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Verney; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- slate of th# ing. next, resolve itself into a Committee of thef- Whdfe Navy. House, to confideF of the State of the Navy.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- preventing solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Export of consider of the- Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Corn»4tc* Meal, and Bread, for One Year.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Heveningham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

1 Mr. Heveningham reported from the said Committee;

That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed hiui to move, That they may have Leave to fit' again.

Resolved,

K

Ships in Pay, and Accounts respetfing the Navy.

ro W. III.

2° JaHuarii.

l69

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Sir Robert Rich, from the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House a List of the Ships that

were in Sea-Pay the First Day of January 1697; and

an Account of what was then due, and in Arrear of Pay, to those Ships; and also of what bath been paid to them since that Time; and where the said Ships then were:

And also, An Account of what Ships have been fitted out since the Peace was proclaimed; and of their Stations:

And also, An Account when the Fast, West-India, and

Straits Squadrons were ordered to fail, and did fail:

And also, An Account concerning the Victualling the East, West-India, and Straits Squadron:

ift (A) The LIST of SHIPS that were in Sea-Pay the First of January 1697 and an Account of what \FaS then due, and in Arrear of Pay, to those Ships; and also of what hath been paid to them since that Time j and where the said Ships then were.

And also, An Account of what Money was paid to the foreign Squadrons upon their going out, and of what is full due to them:

And aHo, An Account of what- Monies appears, by the printed Votes of the Houlb of Commons, to be voted for the Navy, between the 5th of November 1689, and the First Day of December 1698, and ef what hath been certified, by the Treasurer of the Navy, to have been received for that Purpose:

And, An Account of what Orders have been made for new-erected Employments, between the 5th Day of November 1688, and the First Day of December 1698; and for Increasing of Salaries relating to the Navy.

Ordered, That the said Accounts do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Which Accounts are as follow:

Estimate of Wages due the ift Day of January 1697. Paid since to the Ships paid off. Paid since to such Ships as were paid to M ichaelmas 1697. Where the said Ships then were.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £ d.

ii,974 — '* — 9,471 15 1 4 . > Portsmoiith.

12,025 13,449 5 7 - 1

5.725 - ... Sheerness.

19,916 - - - - Spithead.

17,104 - ... Portsir.outh.

12,215 - - - 9*528 14 7 Downes.

26,023 — — 20,664 6 6 - — Chatham.

9,256 8,559 . 2 7 - Spitheqd.

16,040 17,014 3 5 - - Sheernefle.

28,642 - . m — Chatham.

38,906 - «... Portsinouth.

4,560 - - . - - . ditto.

23,849 - 17,383 2 5- Sheerness.

24,556 - - Portsmouth.

9,8.67 - - Sheernefle.

32,644 - - Spithead.

33,595 20,276 11 10 mm m m Portsmouth.

10,154 - - Sheernefle.

"12,599 - - Plymouth.

32,576 24,446 17 6 Portsmouth.

25,169 21,120 8 9 - Chatham.

18,921 — — ... ... Spithead.

31,1*35 26,35617 0 - Chatham.

20,884 — — * - Sheernefle.

12,605 — — - - Chatham.

490,940 161,259 8 3 27,111 17 0

11,455 — — Woolwich.

13,617 m m .10,259 2 11 Chatham.

7,8.55 6,815 6 1 Sheerness.

14,455 — — ... . Portsinouth.

5,955 — . m ... Barbadoes.

8,417 - 0 Plymouth.

5,517 — — . m - ditto.

22,813 15,404 - Portsmouth.

12,617 — — . Woolwich.

6,1 55 - — Jamaica.

J yJ 5*055 Plymouth.

11,855 12,383 16 4 - Woolwich.

9,440 - - - West Indies.

10,417 ... 7,558 5 10 Spithead.

5,117 — ... New-England.

7,317 m 5,097 8 10 Spithead.

20,889 15,754 7.1° Sheernefle.

- 3,237 4,017 8 8 - Portsmouth.

5 B Dreadnoqght

al

Ships Names.

Beginning Wages.

Bredah, with the Kent's"!

Company - -J Captain -Cornwall -Chichester -Cambridge - -Defiance -Devonshire Edgar, with the folk's Company Essex, with Northumberland's Company.

Expedition . -Elizabeth, with the Boyn's Company Humber -Ipswich Lancaster -Monmouth Norfolk Royal Oak Restoration Rupert, with the Cum-'l berland's Company -J Russell -Sterling-Castle, with"! the Resolution's } Company Shrewsbury Torbay Y armouth

Swiftfure, with the Wey- mouth's Company

Ash fiance -Anglesey -Advice Bristol

Bonad venture Burlington -Blackwall -Canterbury Centurion -Chatham -Chester Crown Colchester -Coventry -Deptford -Dover Dragon Dunkirk -

Vol. XII,

21 Augut^ 96

14 Dec. - 95 18 Sept. - 96 14 Jan. - 94 1 oa. - 95

- - ditto - -

- - ditto 93

10 Dec. - 96

20 Aug.

96

1 06t - 93

- - ditto 92

31 0&. - 96

1 May - 94 3 Apr. - -1 Jan. - 95 27 Mar. - 93 1 O&. - 92

8 Jan. - 95

23 August - 96

1 oa. - 93

- 96

22 oa.

19 Jan.

20 Dec. 17 Dec.

ll Dec.

- 94

- 93 -94

- 97

2

16

30

20

1

10a.

7 Apr.

1 oa.

- ditto Feb. Sep. June Dec.

oa.

23 Jan. 12 June

10a.

23 ditto .14 Mar.

1 oa.

25 Dec. 1 July 17 Febr.

- 94

- 95

- 93

- 95

‘ 9

- 9

- 93

- 94

- 95

- 96

- 94

- 94

- 96

- 95

' 9

-96

Rate.

37°

2° Januarii. A. 1698.

ShiVs Names.

Beginning Wages.

Dreadnought Exeter Falmouth -Falkland -Greenwich Gloucester, with the") Elizabeth and Mary's Company Guernsey -Kingston -Kingsither -Lincoln Litchfield -

Lyon, with the Bur-| ford's Company Medway -Monk, with the Wool- wich Company -J Medway Prize -Newcastle -Norwich -Non such -Oxford Portland -Pembrook -Pendennis

Plymouth with the Montagues Company -

Reserve Ruby

Romney - -

Southampton Sunderland Severn Tyger Trident -Woolwich -Windsor -

Warwick - -

York, with the Monk's Company Weymouth, with -the Mary and Gloucester's Company

1 06t. 14 May 26 June 17 Mar. 1 Oct.

- 95

- 97 -93

- 95

- 94

6 July - 97

30 June - 96 3 Feb. - 96

1 oa. - 95

1 January 94 14 ditto - -

21 Nov. - 96

20 Sep. - 93

18 Feb. - 96

25 August - 97 1 oa. - 93

- - ditto - 95

13 July - 96 16 ditto - -

1 oa. - 95

- - ditto -23 Sep.

18 August - 96

1 Oa. - g4

- - ditto - -23 ditto - -

1 oa. - 95

23 Jan. -95

16 Sept. - -

1 oa. - -

27 June - -

17 Apr. - 97

31 oa. - 95 10 July - 96

1 Sept - 96

24 Dec. - 97

Adventure - 1 oa. - 93

Arundell - - - 6 July 95

Betty, with - the St."I Albans Prize Com- > 13 Mar. - 96

pany Bedford Gaily m 8 May - 97

Dolphin - - - 1 oa. - 94

Dover-Prize 26 Mar. - 94

Experiment - - 1 oa. - 93

Fowy - - 19 Mar. - 95

Feversham - - 17 August - 96

Gosport - - 25 July - 96

Lyme - 19 Mar. - 94

Lynn - - 29 January 95

Laftoffe - - 7 August - 97

Lewis Prize . m» 1 Febr. - 96

Mary Gaily - - 1 oa. 95

Mermaid - - - - ditto - -

Milford 1 Mar. - 96

Pool - 4 August -

Richmond mm 1 oa. 92

Rye - - - 3 July - 96

Rainbow Prize - - 1 Feb. 96

Sheernefie - - 1 oa. - 94

Saudadoes Prize - - - ditto -

Sorlings - - 19 Mar. - 93

Speedwell 1 October 94

Estimate of Wages due the lft Day of January 1697. Paid since to the Ships paid elf. Paid since to such Ships as were paid tc Michaelmas 1697. Where the said Ships llitu were.

£ d. £. s. d. & S. d.

10,286 — — ... - Plymouth.

2,105 882 2 8 Sheernefie.

17,617 - - 14,201 11 5 Woolwich.

5,455 - - Plymouth.

13,346 - - - - Sheerness.

10,058 - 5,862 3 1 Woolwich.

4,805 - - Portsmouth.

2,850 - 1,488 14 — Spithead.

7,312 7,618 8 5 m Woolwich.

10,055 - - Portsmouth,

10,417 - - - Downes.

8,897 11,050 15 4 - Woolwich.

24,694 - 19,826 7 6 ditto.

7,753 — — 8,721 6 3 - ditto.

1,104 1,496 4 10 - Kingsale.

14,846 - - West Indies.

8,055 - - ditto.

5,267 - - Woolwich.

6,620 — — 5*921 2 2 - ditto.

8,055 8,850 10 10 - Straits.

12,332 - - - - Poitfinouth.

8,217 Sheernefie.

10,831 m - Chatham.

11,155 - — 8,423 18 8 - . West Indies.

10,955 Portlinouth.

12,417 - - - - Sheernefie.

7,355 6,460 3 10 - Deptford.

8,150 - - - - Portsmouth.

8,117 7,828 4 5 mm Woolwich.

7,055 - - Sheernefie.

9,846 - - Poitfinouth.

1,991 i,595 7 4 - Woolwich.

9,823 ... - - Chatham.

5,267 4,604 7 10 m m Poitfinouth,

12,995 - mm m m Holland.

15,653 — — - 12,075 10 5 Sheernefie.

513,939 126,945 8 10 77,251 6 8

13,295 . - 10,564 10 1 Woolwich,

4,704 3,994 7 7 - New-Emrland.

8,883 - 4,069 8 11 Sheernefie.

1,239 - Nore.

6,604 — — 5,146 n 3 Portlinouth.

8,204 6,662 18 2 - Virginia.

8,361 - 5,19° 4 7 Sheernefie.

3,304 3,249 13 7 - - New-York.

2,075 - - Kinfale.

2,904 — — 2,474 15 5 - Portsinouth.

5,604 - - Plymouth.

3,961 m 2,876 6 5 Kinfale.

766 525 13 11 - Sheernefie.

1,692 2,302 1 8 - - Plymouth.

6,333 ... - Sheernefie.

5,361 - Plymouth.

1,421 - - Kinfale.

3,201 - - - 1,843 — 4' Sheernefie.

9,876 9,352 8 10 - New-York.

3,351 m Plymouth.

1,610 2,345 13 5 - Spithead.

7,204 Barbadoes.

10,267 - 7,327 15 4 Sheerness.

7,261 5,060 4 3 - Deptford.

5,704 m 4,053 n 8 Kinlale.

Scarborough.

10 W. III.

2° Januarii.

in

Ships Names.

Scarborough Thunderbolt Prize Virgin Prize Winchelsea Terrible -Looe

South-Sea Castle

Firc-flrips.

Fortune Firebrand -Hunter Lightning -Strombolo -

Biddeford -Brillant Sloop Discovery Brigantine Dispatch ditto Dunn ich -Essex Prize

Express Advice-Boat

Eagle ditto Fly Brigantine -Flamborough Germoon Prize -Henry Prize Jerfy, called the Margatt Jolly Prize Lizard Maidstone -Messenger, Advice-Boat Mariana Prize -Orford, called the New-"1 port - -J

Penzance -Queenbrough Rupert Prize

Spy Brigantine -

Svvail *

Solebay Sea-horle -Sun Prize -Royal Transport -Seaford

Deal-Castle -

Yachts.

Charlott -Fubbs Henrietta -Isabella Katharine -Monmouth Mary Navy

Soefdyke -Wm. & Mary -

Beginning Wages.

28 July

1 October

- - ditto

- - ditto 15 Oa.

6 Nov.

1 October 1 October 24 Dec.

1 0&.

11 June -3 Jan.

29 Novembe to Sept. -1 October

23 Apr.

1,u,cuiu' 10 July -

- - ditto j 2 Apr. - < 29 Mar. - j i Oct. ' - c 11 Apr. -1 October

29 Nov. c

1 October < 21 Dec. - c 1 October

25 Apr. - g

13 Sept. - 9 1 October 9 - ditto - 9 29 ditto - 91 11 Dec. - 9, 15 oa. - 9' 6 November

Bom b-Vessels.

Blast

Comet

Vol. XIJ.

1 OCt.

- - ditto - ditto

- ditto 1 Aug.

1 oa.

- ditto

- ditto -

- ditto -

- ditto -

10 Feb. 13 ditto

- 94

95 94 94

96

fcftimate of Wages [ges. due the 1 ft Day of January 1697. J Paid since to the Ships paid of}'. Paid fmee to such Ships as were paid to Michaelmas 1697.

£ s. d. s» d> <S» d

95 3.704 3,'73 4

96 3>28i — — -

95 4,604 4,439 1 -

94 7,36i - -

3,795 -

97 273 -

196 i,55o 8 2

£ 156,399 50,277 3 2 35,924 17 4

95 L507 1,344 2 1 -

1,847

93 3,457 - -

96 625 1,309 6 4 -

95 1,847 i,357 12 — m m m,

£ 9,288 4,011 — 5 —

95 3,470 2,325 3 — ~

96 1,074 1,118 — 4 -

96 469 - I -

r 519 424 10 9 -

95 3,775 - 2,023 16 7

2,799 — I f

1,854 - - - -{

96 841 — — 488 12 6 I V.

r 624 - I -

n 874 — — m m 1 -

p 1,092 — - 384 7 11

H 5,056 3,358 13 3 -

)5 3,770 3,122 9 8 j -

H 3,142 - I -

>7 1,358 - 685 19 4

)4 6,113 - 4,165 12 10

2,614 — — - I -

>5 3,442 3,984 2 4 1 f

>5 3,5i3 - ::

'5 4,413 I

4 1 5,513 " - - 3,58015 9 j

4,641 m m I

3 2,799 I Jj

4 5,613 - . 1 1

5 4,413 - - I J l

5 4,175 - - - I 2,652 7 2

3 1,282 - - - 1 _ . _ }

> 3,285 3,8h 19 7 ]

J 156 - - I - - J

112 " I m 2

82,801 — — 18,633 11 5 13,492 19 7

1,235 - 1 T

2,314 " - I - 1 1

1,235 - - - 1 j

1,848 - I r T

1,545 - - I I

2,314 — — 2,558 3 9 I T

1,735 " " I - - - J.

1,439 1,443 12 1 J T,

i,999 " *" " 1 — 11 h

2,3M X J

17,978 4,001 15 10 —

466 956 8 6 - V

466 409 n 9 -

932 1,366 — 3 —

Where the said Ships then were.

Portsmouth.

Milford.

Portsmouth.

Sheemefle.

Plymouth.

Portsmouth.

Shecmeile.

Deptford.

Plymouth.

ditto.

Portsmouth.

Deptford.

Barbadoes.

Rye.

Plymouth.

Woolwich.

Sheerness.

Virginia.

Between the Neb and Beachey.

Sheerness.

Downes.

Woolwich.

West Indies.

Deptford.

West Indies.

Plymouth.

Kinfale.

Sheerness.

Downs.

Deptford.

Deptford.

ditto.

ditto.

Store-Ship|.

37* 2° Januarii. A. 1698.

i PS. Ships Names. Beginning Wages. Estimate of Wages due the id Day of January 1697. Paid since to the Ships paid off. Paid since to such Ships as were paid to Michaelmas 1697. Where the find Ships then were.

Store-Ships. £ d. £. s. £. s. d.

5 6 Suffolk Hagboat -Canterbury Katharine -Greenfilh - 1 Oft. - 95 - - ditto - - - - ditto - - - - ditto - - 3,090 1,439 1,225 332 m m rn 1,570 1 11 Plymouth. ditto. Portsmouth. Ireland.

4 Hired Ships. Bonadventure Princefe Anne - £ 6,086 — 1,570 1 11

4 8 Nov. - 96 13 oet. - 95 3,243 6,255 3,643 16 8 - West Indies. ditto.

£ 9,498 3,643 16 8 —

S hips as were laid up before the First of January 1697, and their Companies some of them since paid off. distributed into tl he Fleet; and

3 4 Kent - -Dunkirk Lyon - 27 Nov. 96 1 Oft. - 94 - - ditto - - £ * d. 2,145 8,600 10,000 £ d. — 3,245 12 7 8,365 ~ *0

- 20,745 ' 11,610 13 5

Ships as have been loft before, and some since, the First of January 1697.

Forefight - 1 06b. - - 94 £ s. d. 12,155 , <4 1 1

Hampshire - - - ditto 93 12,560 9,107 17 8

Hastings - 5 Febr. - 94 5,404 4,217 3 6

Looe - 20 July - 96 1,700 i,i55 16 —

South-Sea CalHe - 4 Aug. - 96 L972 2,183 17 6

Fireships. ./Etna - 6 Nov. - - 148 44 15 2

Flame 1 Oft. - 95 1,620 1,578 14 11

Owners Love 13 Febr. - 95 1,190 1,154 15 2

Swift Advice-Boat 15 Mar. - 96 588

Roe Ketch 30 Apr. - 96 385 -

£ -37,722 19,442 19 11

Loft - 1698.

Loft - 26 Aug. 97.

Loft - 11 December 97.

- - 30 Apr. 97.

- - 15 Sept. 97.

Taken 18 Apr. 97. Loft - 22 Aug. 97.

Loft - 28 July 97. Loft - 24 Jan. 97. Loft - 12 Oct. 97.

Note: Where it shall be found that the Payments do exceed the Estimate, it is because the Estimate runs no further than the First of January 1697; and Several of the Ships had growing Wages upon them from that time, till they were paid off.

ABSTRACT.

rates.

Rate 3d - " -

4

3

Fireships ——

6....

Yachts -

Bomb-Vessels -

Store-Ships -

Hired Ships - -

Ships whole Men were distributed in the Fleet Ships loft....

Total

Estimate of Wages due the ift of January 1697. Paid since to the Ships paid off. Paid since to such Ships as were paid to Michaelmas 1697.

£ d. £ s. d. £ d.

490,940 161,259 8 3 27,111 17 —

- 513,939 126,945 8 10 77,251 6 8

156,399 50,277 3 2 35,924 17 4

m 9,283 4,om — 5 —

82,801 18,633 11 5 13,492 19 7

m 17,978 4,001 1.5 10 —

m 932 1,366 — 3 —

- 6,086 1,570 1 11

m 9,498 3,643 16 8 —

- 20,745 11,610 13 5 —

" 37,722 19,442 19 11 —

1,346,323 401,191 18 2 i.55,35i 2 6

N* a.

joW.fll. a0 Januarli. 373

No. 2. (B.) The said Act CO U N T of what Ships have been fitted out since the Peace was proclaimed,

and of their Stations.

«a

3

4

Ships Names. When ordered to be fitted. STATIONS.

Deal-Castle Swiftfure -Eagle Adv. Boat 29 0a. 97 27 Nov. 97 10 Jan. 97 . ffor Chanel Service; and was appointed to cruise, to intercept Ships 1 that had pretended Commissions from the late King James. For Chanel Service. - -To carry his Majesty's Packet to the Governor of the Leeward Islands.

Fireship.

Vulcan 1 Febr. 97

Bombs.

Star - - "1 Salamander -J 1 Febr. 97,) For the Mediterranean.

Boyne ditto - —

Fireship.

Griffin 28 Febr. 97 Guardship at Sheerness.

Rochester - -\ Harwich - - J Winchester Sorlings -, 1 Mar. 97 23 Mar. 97 28 Mar. 98 ffor the West Indies. [For the East Indies. jNewfoundland Convoy.

Brigantine. Intelligence 11 dune 98 Between the South Forelarid and the Nefle, for intercepting Owlers.

Dolphin Roebuck -Hastings 29 June 98 25 July ditto - ditto - By the King's Order, to go upon a Wreck. For the East Indies, upon Discoveries. For the East Indies.

Pink.

Paramour - 9 August 98 For the East and West Indies upon Discoveries.

Store-Ship. Dunkirk -Resolution -Hampshire 15 Sept 98 21 Oa. 98 24 Nov. 98 1 ffor the West Indies, to carry Soldiers; with the Charge only of a Captain, and 20 Men; the rest of her Company being uipplied from other [ Ships. To attend his Majesty from Holland. [For Chanel Service, in lieu of the Restoration; which Ship, wanting Repair, and being unfit for Sea-Service, was ordered to be paid off, [ and laid up.

No. 3. (C.) An ACCOUNT when the East and West-India, and Straits Squadrons were ordered to fail,

and did fail.

Squadrons. When ordered to fail When did fail.

East India Not yet ordered to fail. 29 Nov. 1698

West-India 15 Nov. 98 - -

Straits - 31 August 98 - - 12 Sept. 98

No. 4. (D.) The A C C^O U N T concerning the Victualling the East, and Straits Squadrons.

Admiralty-Office,1 The several Papers hereunto annexed, containing an Account how, and in what Method, the

2 January 169 / and West-India, and Straits Squadrons, were victualled at their going out," it is necessiuy to

observe, in Answer to the Second Part of the Question, relating to this Matter; viz. By whomr they were victualled; That it has been done, according to the usual Customs of the Navy, by the Commissioners for Victualling, and their Agents and Officers, at the several Ports: But as for the-Beer,- Butter, and Cheese, for the Ships gone to the Mediterranean; and the Beer to the Ships of the East and West-India Squadrons, in regard they could not possibly stow the full Proportion, the Commissioners for Victualling were ordered to put into the Hands of the respective Commanders in Chief of those Squadrons, Money, or Credits, to buy the usual Species, in lieu thereof.

The Straits Squadron was ordered to be victualled for Eight Months, at whole Allowance, of all Species; which at short Allowance, was to serve Twelve Months: But it was thought necessary, that of Beer, Butter, and Cheese, the Ships Companies should go to whole Allowance, in regard they will not keep so long as the other Species: For what Part of the said Beer, Butter, and Cheese, which the Ships could not stow, the Commissioners for Victualling were directed to furnish Admiral Aylmer with Money, Bills, or Credits, sufficient to procure Wine and Oil, as usual, in those Parts.

As to the last Part of this Question; viz. By whom they are to be victualled, during their Continuance abroad; the Commissioners for Victualling the Navy are directed to provide, and send to the , a Supply of Provisions for the Squadron there; and for the Squadron gone to the West, and that going to the East Indies, if their Stay abroad shall be longer than their Provisions will last, the like Orders will be given.

374' 2° JanuarU A. .1698,

ACCOUNT of Money paid Captain Warren, to make good the several Quantities of Beer here under-

mentioned, to the several Pursers.

BEER.

Harwich - -Lizard - - -Anglely - - -Hastings - - Mr. Edward Crisp - -Captain Wm. Johnson * Richard Morley - - -Tho. Wagftaff - - - Tuns. Hds. Gal. 136 1 2 128 i 14 202 2 37 147 0 0 at 30 s. per Tun £ t 1 £. s. d. 204 7 9 192 9 3 303 »9 7 220 10 —

614 0 53 921 6 7

I, under-written, do acknowledge to have received, of the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy, the Sum of 921 /. 6 s. "1 d. and do promise to l'upply, unto the Pursers of the said Ships, Beer, or Wine, to an Aver the lame, without any Lois to his Majesty, by Leakage, or any other Defect whatsoever. Witness my Hand this 20th Day of August, 1698.

Witness,

Cha. Mitchell, Thomas JVarren.

Robert Stephens.

PORTSMOUTH.

An ACCOUNT of Monies to be paid for the Provisions due on Credits to the Ships after-mentioned.

BEER. BUTTER. CHEESE.

r Quantity. \ Value, / Quantity. ! Value. r Quantity. \ Value. Total Sum.

Tuns. Hds. Gal. £ s. d. lb. £d. lb. £. s. d. £ * d

Boyne - - - C4 tJ- 00 275 17 9 2,9* U 48 10 Si 5,986l 49 17 374 6 —

Defiance is paid — — ' — — — . — —

Kingston is paid - — —

Coventry - - 95 2 48 143 u — 1,236 20 12 — 2,347 19 11 2 183 14 a

Dover - - - 120 0 0 180 1,282 21 7 4 2,664 22 4 — 223 11 4

Experiment 65 i 20 98 Li49 19 3 — 2,285 19 — 10 £ 136 3 10 917 15 4

I, under-written, do acknowledge to have received, of his Majesty's Commissioners for victualling the Navy, the Sum of 917 /. 1 5 s.4 d.to an Aver the Credits to the Purlers for the Four Ships above-mentioned: And I do promise to supply, unto the Purlers of the said Ships, the Beer, Butter, and Cheese, or W ine and Oil, to answer the fame, without any Loss to his Majesty, by Leakage, or any other Defect. Witness my Hand, the 8th Day of August 1698.

Witness, Aylm&\

Reynolds.

LONDON.

An ACCOUNT of Money to be paid for the Provisions, due on Credits, to the Ships after-mentioned; viz.

— BEER. BUTTER. C II E E S E. —

f Quantity. Value. Quantity. Value. r Quantity. \ Value. Total Sum.

Tuns. Hds. Gal. £. s. d. lb. £. s. d. Ib. £. s. d. £. s. d.

Exeter - - - M»3* 18 11 3 2,291 19 1 10 37 13

Adventure - - 100 0 15 960 16 1,920 16 47

Ipswich - - - 192 3 47 10 OO <0 OO HlM 2,220 37 4,440 37 363 8 4S

Vulcan Fireship - - 270 4 10 — 540 4 10 — 9

Canterbury! Storeship / 16 1 45 24 13 24 13 if

219 1 32 329 1 6 4,563* 76 1 3 9,i9i 76 11 10 481 14 7

I, under-written, do acknowledge to have received, of his Majesty's Commissioners for victualling the Navy, the Sum of 481/. 14 s.7 d.to answer the Credits to the Pursers of the Five Ships above-mentioned: And I do

promise to supply, unto the Purlers of the said Ships, the Beer, Butter, and Cheese, or Wine and Oil, to answer the lame, without any Lois to his Majesty, by Leakage, or any other Defect. Witness my Hand, the 8th Day of August 1698.

Witness, M. Aylmer.

J. Reynolds.

LIST

D

(Q

N

CD

Cl

cr

'C

o

o

LIST of Ships of the Straits Squadron vi&u&Ued at the Port of London.

o t- Date of Hie Indents. Men. Days. Difcuit. Beer. Beef. Fotk. Pets. Oatmeal. Batter. Cheese. 1

X

J69f. lb. Tans. bds. 'gals. Pieces. Pieces. Bulk. g*l- Bulb. gal* lb. lb.

March - 12 Tpjlvich - - 370 224 82,880 345 1 20 11,840 11,840 370 0 555 O 4,440 8,880

In kind - - 72,880 152 1 33 11,840 11,840 327 5 483 6 2,220 4440

lnr;oney - — All the Beer, Butter, and Cheese, paid for, to Admiral Aylmer.

By credit - - - 10,000 192 3 47 - - - - 42 3 7» 2 2,220 4440

- ditto - 17 Medway - 278 224 62,272 259 1 52 8,896 8,896 278 0 4>7 0 3,3S6 6,672

In kind - . 40,800 >35 3 5* 8,896 8,896 258 0 297 4 3,336 6,672

In money - 123 2 1 — Bread all supplied at Portsmouth.

By credit - - - - 21,47a - 20 0 119 4 -

February 14 Ext ter - . 278 224 62,272 259 1 52 8,896 8,896 278 0 4i7 0 , 3.336 6,672

In kind . 49.956 110 1 18 8,6l8 8,618 205 2 269 2 2,118 4.'7>

In money - 278 7 1,^46 8 0 26 278 278 8 5i 13 °i »®4i 2o8£

In money - - m - 8,000 141 0 8 - - 64 0* 134 5$ - - - Admiral Aylmer was paid for the Butter and Cheese; and the Bread

By credit - - - - *>370 i.i>3l 2,291J was supplied at Portsmouth.

March - 3 Adventure 160 224 35.840 >49 1 20 5,120 5,120 l60 0 240 0 1,920 3,840

In kind 35,752 . 55 3 4 5,120 5,120 160 0 >99 5 96O 1,920

In money - 88 8.3 2 16 Admiral Aylmer was paid for the Beer, Butter, and Cheese.

By credit - 10 0 0 - - - 40 3 960 1,920

February 11 Sea-horse - 95 224 21,280 88 2 40 3»°4° 3,049 95 0 >42 4 1,140 «,280

In kind 21,200 25 0 33 3,04° 3,04° 94 7 113 4 570 1,140 Supplied at Portsinonth, all the Beer, 39.1 Pound of Butter, and 754 Pounds,

In money - 80 53 2 7 0 29 0 -

By credit - 10 0 0 570 1,140

March -^15 Vulcan Fireship 45 224 10,080 42 0 0 >,440 1,440 45 0 67 4 54° 1,080

In kind _ - 10,080 17 1 24 1,440 i>44° 45 0 50 0 270 54°

In money - 24 2 36 - . >7 4 . — Paid for, to Admiral Aylmer.

By credit - 270 540

- ditto - 11 Star Bomb *5 224 5,600 23 1 20 800 800 25 0 37 4 300 600

In kind - 5,600 12 2 0 800 80a 25 0 29 7 150 300

In money 10 3 20 - - - - 7 5 - — Supplied at Portsmouth, Butter 113^, Cheese 223,

By credit - 14a 300

- ditto - 8 Salamander Bomb 35 224 7,840 32 2 40 1,120 1,120 35 0 52 4 420 84O

In kind _ . 5>6oo 10 2 0 860 896 10 1 8 0 210 420

In money - 22 a 40 - - - Supplied at Portsmouth, Bread, all, 330 Pieces Beef, 1M Pieces Pork,

By credit - - - 2,240 - - 260 224 24 7 44 4 210 420 Peas Bushels, Oatmeal 12 Bushels 7.Gallons, Butter 210 Pound, Cheese 380 Pounds.

May - 23 Canterbury Store-ship 4* 224 9,408 39 0 48 1.344 >,344 4* 0 63 0 504 1,008

In kind - - - 9,408 22 3 3 i>344 1.344 42 0 54 2 54 1,008

8 6 - —

> By credit - 16 1 45 Paid to Admiral Aylmer-

o

o

N

CD

Q.

CT

e

o

OQ

O

Ak ACCOUNT of the Victualling his Majesty's Ships at Portsmouth, bound.for the Straits, under the Command of the Honourable Matthew Aylmer Esquire, Admiral and Commander

in-Chief; who failed from St. Helen's the 12th of Sefrtember i6y8«.

Began Victualling ships Names Pursers Names. Number of

r Year Month. > 5 £' . 3 — — to c? a

1698 April - ! 28 Boyne Nath. Taylor - 298 224

1698 August - 20 - ditto - - ditto - - 3 98 112

March - 3 Defiance - Samuel V ile - 312 224

1698 June - 23 - ditto — ditto - - 312 112

1698 August- 1 - ditto - - - ditto - - 312 42

i6o$ February 19 Dover Henry Pyke - *97 224

1698 June - 1 - ditto - ditto - - 197 112

1698 August - 1 - ditto - Peter Fcke - >97 70

169J February 21 Kingston - Daniel Marriott 278 224

1698 July 11 - ditto - - ditto - - 278 140

169S August - 1 - ditto - - ditto - - - 278 21

1693 March - 2 1 Coventry - Henry Hall - *97 224

169S \ June - K 5 - ditto - - ditto - - J97 112

169? 1 August - 1 1 - ditto - - ditto - - 197 42

»6qjj \ March - 1^ 1 Erperimcn / Edward CIeavclj 115 224

To what Time the said Ships arc victualled at short Allowance.

19 July 99 -

On Indent, how charged.

5 July 99 -

'21 July 99 -

2 July 99

In kind -In. money Credit -

- ditto -In kind -Credit -

- ditto -In kind -In money More ditto Credit -

fin kind - By credit f In kind -t By credit In kind -Credit

I - ditto -f In kind -Credit -I - ditto -f In kind -1 Credit -r In kind -I In money I Moredittc Credit -f In kind -I By credit / In kind -I Credit -f In kind -I By credit

5 July 99

In kind -By credit - ditto -In kind -In kind -By credit

iifeuit. Beer. Beef. Pork. Peas. Oatmeal. Butter. Cheese. Necessary Money, Short Provisions.

ib. Fans, lids gals. Ps. Ps. Bush. gal. Dufli. gal. ib. lb. C S. 1. s. d.

82,080 164 1 18 11,940 11,940 373 1 559 5t 1,5661 2,976! 188 11 2$

5>572 23 0 52 796 796 24 7 37 2} 298J 597 - 139 6 —

1 CAA 183 3 42 2,914 5,986! — 374 17 9i

1,50° 20,012 180 0 23 6,087 5>ooi 102 1 124 6 2,388 4,776 102 16 6 -

21,204 5 2 33 - - - - '6 7 86 2 - - - " \

3»36° 81 L3°7 - 87 4 - - - J

22,400 143 0 54 7,261 9*36° 207 7 181 0 1,410 2,806 148 4 nj -

4,368 18 0 48 624 624 19 4 29 2 234 468 - 109 4 —

- - 129 3 6 2,100 4,214 - 264 15 7

43,120 - 2,099 - - 84 5 257 6 - - — 9 -

24,176 145 2 24 4,732 3,886 23 3 67 6 1,872 2,480 76 510 -

10,768 - 260- 1,106 133 5 166 2 1,264 mm W

>3»104 54 2 24 1,872 1,608 8 1 40 2 702 1,404 28 12 2 -

- - - - - 264 5° 3 47 4 - -

28,000 63 3 28 6,304 6,304 197 0 295 4 1,082 2,064 97 2 7 -

" - 120 0 0 1,282 2,664 - 223 11 4

16,128 —

16,576 76 218 .2,859. 2,098 62 1 68 4 1,040 2,165 48 11 4 -

" - 293 1,054 36 3 79 2 142 i?9 - - -)

5488 15 1 26

13.790 4i 3 13 1,017i 1,911 51 3 46 6 738$ i,477! 30 6 9

" 15 2 37 952 i 59 10 1J 45 45 ——

55.664 140 O O 6,531 7,890 187 3 183 0 1,264 2,498 132 6 - 1

3,892 1& O 52 556 556 17 3 26 4 208} 417 - o7 6-

103 1 O - - - - * a. 1,8731 3,757 - 217 8 2J

2,716 1,809 450 73 2 207 7} -

38,920 1l62 O 40 4,612 3,814 142. 6 260 5 1,885 3,644 85 2 4 -

- - - 948 1,746 31 0 203 526 -

5,838 24 1 l8 834 799 9 2* 39 oj 312! 625l 12 15 4 -

- - - - - . 35 16 5i —

34,608 8S 0 40 6,132 6,298 197 0 295 4 1,128 2,381 97 2 7 -

- " 95 2 48 1,236 2,347 - 183 14 2

' 9,52c > - . 272 4 w w -

12,32c >52 3 41 2,753 2,478 42 7 71 O 757 1,486 48 u 3 -

i,77* ! 26 125 —

7>96i ' 39 Q 3 364 549 55 5 76 5 425 878 - -

8,274 1 34 1 54 1,182 1,182 36 71 55 3» 443i 886$ 1842 -

l6,80C 42 0 0 3,680 3,680 115 0 172 4 291 475 5711 9 -

65 1 20 - - - - 1,149 2,285 - 136 3 10

> 8,96c > . '

Paid to the Purler.

Paid to the Purser.

Paid at London toAdmiralAylmer. All supplied 29th August 1098. Paid to the Purser.

Paid to the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

Supplied the 23d June 1(398.

Paid to the Purser.

All supplied 1 August 1698.

Paid to the Purser.

Paid to the Purser.

Paid at London toAdmiralAylmer.

Paid to Admiral Aylmer. Supplied the 14th June 98.

Paid to the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

All supplied 1 August 1608.

Paid the Purler.

All supplied the 1 August 1698. Paid the Purser,

Paid to the Purser.

Paid at London to Adm i ral Aylmer. All supplied the 1 August 1698. Paid the Purser*

All supplied 10th July 1698.

Paid the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

Paid in LondontoAdmiralAylmer. All supplied 1 August 1698.

2° Jartuarii. . 1698.

D

(Q

i I

N' CD QL

cr

o

o

?T

1698 June - 21 - ditto - i - - ditto - - i . 115 ' 98

r 1698 X S 1698 August 1 - ditto - - - ditto - - 115 42

May - 30 Salamander Capt. Kitvill - 30 84 i

1698 July - 31 - ditto - - - ditto - - 3° 56;

1698 June - 3 Star-Bomb Capt. Win. Jones 25 84

1698 July - 31 - ditto - - - ditto - - 25 ' 5s

1698 June - 3 Seahorse - Capt.Geo.Wat- 95 112

1698 July - 31 - ditto - [toir. — ditto - - 95 56

1698 June - 6 Exeter John Ward - 278 112

1698 August 1 - ditto - - - ditto - - 278 56

1698 June - 19 Vulcan - Capt. John Wat- 45 70

1698 July - 31 - ditto - [kins. - ditto - - 45 49

1698 June - 21 Medway - ‘ Ant. Barkfdale 278 jo6

1698 August 1 *- ditto - -.ditto - - 278 42

1698 June - 23 Adventure . Samuel Spicer 160 112

1698 August 1 - ditto - - - ditto - - 160 35

C* l6 June - 30 Ipswich - Tho. Gibbs 37° 35

O 1698 August 1 - ditto - - - ditto - - 37° 28

1698 July - 31 Seqford - Qtpt.Strkklaad 95 224

1698 July - 31 Canterbury Gapt.Tho. Blake 45 S6

2d July 99 2d July 99 2d July 99

2d July 99 3 July 99

?d July 99

— A -

3 July 99

3 July 99

3 July 99 , 2 July 99

July 99

fin kind -In money /Credit -/In kind -I By credit /In kind ICredit -In kind -In kind By credit /In kind -\By credit Supplied fin lcind -s Credit -- I- ditto -In kind -Tn kind -By credit In kind -By credit In kind -By credit

{In kind -By credit fin kind -| In money [Credit -jin kind -I By credit J In kind -[By credit In kind -Credit -In kind -By credit In kind -rln kind -I In money [By credit /In kind -^By credit

10465

805

4,830

2,520

1,680

672

1,428

1400

m

1,848

10,640

5.32Q

30,464

672

15,508

2,688

.462

2,205

3M30

3^92

11,676

3,36°

14,560

5>6oo

6,720:

6,230

10,360

21,280

2,35*

16S

40

3

2

20

m

3

7

1

9

24

20

22

129

64

10 2 9

87

16

42

48

74

23

49 4

43

28

59

10

co

H

1 25 3 19 o 30

o o

2 o o o

3 o

3 20

3 40

0 o

1 20

O 40

2 56

3 28

2 O

3 30.

0 45

1 16

0 5

1 40

2 36

2 40

1 20

o 8

3 42 o 40 3 20' 3 20

2 a

1^82 "5 1,176 115 28 3 5 4l 39 5 l 3 5611 431 1,123? 86' 24 7 Oi 20 2 'e] Paid the Purser.

"3 319 18 0* 31 of - - - All supplied the ill August 1698.

675 477 17 3 29 4 K> Ot OO «4 5*71 IO 15 11 m - Paid the Purser*

15 213 4 ij 2 6i - Paid the Purler.

3S0 290 9 O l6 7 135 270 6 17 — - -

- - 70 2 2 —

240 240 7 4 2 90 180 4 11 4 - - Paid the Captain.

22s 150 - 8 6 112? 225 5 15 2 - - Paid the Captain;

76 150 9 3 5 2i - - - , - - - - Loft per the Captain.

200 200 1 6 2 9 3 63! 150 3 16 9 - - Paid to the Captain.

Hi ——

124 206 8 1 7 O - - - Took his Receipt per Supply*

1,336 1,144 9 2 27 6 57° 1,140 23 19 5 - - Paid to the Captain.

184 48 328 38 2 43 4 m 9m _ :} All supplied 31 July 1698*

760 760 23 6 35 5 285 570 11 19 8 - - Paid the Captain.

3.667 3,200 83 2 108 6 1,301 2,190 68 1 10 - - Paid the Purser.

781 1,248 55 6 99 6 367 1,146 - - - - All supplied the 1 August 1698. Paid the Purser.

2,224 2,157 53 0 85 7 834 1,668 34 — 11 - -

_ - 67 14 5 15 4} ——

414 360 9 2 16 7, 113 318 8 8 8J - - Paid the Captain.

36 9° 4 6* 4 i$ 55r 1*5* 194 - - - All supplied 31 July 1698; Paid the Captain.

315I 315 9 «S 14 6; 334| 6 3 10 - -

- - - 6 i* 52! 2 - - —

4,254 3^02 64 6 - 672 1,002 71 13 7l - - Paid the Purser.

556 556 17 3 26 o^ 208* 417 97 6 — Paid the Purser.

194 646 74 2 208 4 996 2,334 - - - All supplied 1 August 1698. Paid the Purser.

1,668 1,668 - - «2 5$ 1.132 25 10 8 - -

- - - 62 1 78 119 - - All supplied 10th Sept. 1698.

2,085 1,852 J9 -4 54. 2 441 888 39 12 10 - - Paid the Pnrfer.

475 708 60 4 65 6 519 1,032 - - - All supplied 9th July 1698. Paid the Purser.

800 800 18 7 20 7 300 600 12 7 9 - -

_ - 6 1 16 £ _ ——

1,524 066 . 25 0 l 500 900 , 28 4 2 - Paid the Purser.

326 884 57 6$ 59 ! 1996 1 4874 . - All fuepfted 1 August 1698. Paid the Purser.

1,480 1,480 46 2 69 3 555 1,110 22 11 4 - -

3,040 2,902 81 2 99 4 43fo 811 47 *8 10 - 16 - Paid to the Captain.

1 710 1,469 - 6 Paid to the Captain.

1 138 14 6 43 0 ——

344 326 K> 3 1* 1 117 258 6 15 — - - Paid to the Captain.

16 34 O 7 4 6 18 12

o>-.

O

LIST of Ships of the East and TVest-India Squadrons, victualled at London.

D

cq'

r — H

N'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

o

o

00.

FT

Date of the Indents. Men. Days. Biscuit. Beer. Beef. Pork. Peas. Oatmeal. Butter. Cheese.

1698. April 28. East Indies* Lizard *- - - 95 364 lb. 34,58o Tuns. 144 Hds. O GaL 20 Pieces. 4,940 Piece*. 4,940 Bulh. 154 G»l. 3 Bush. 231 Gal. 43 lb. 1,8523 ib.. 3,705

In kind - - 22,400 10 O 56 4,560 4,560 142 5 180 O 1,710 3,420

In money - - 95 H 1,33° 5 2 10 190 190 5 7i 8 7i 7ii 1423

In ditto, more By credit - - 5 6| 42 5i

10,850 128 1 14 19° I90 7i4 1423

May 12. Anglesea - - - 197 364 71,708 298 3 8 10,244 10,244 32° 1 480 U 3,84i3 7,683

In kind - - - - 66,136 43 0 35 9,456 9,456 295 3 340 6 3,546 7>92

In money - - *97 28 5,5!6 22 3 56 788 788 24 6 36 73 2953 591

In ditto, more - - 56 101 2 -

332 2 37 " — — — 1 2 -

August 19. Hastings - - - "5 336 38,640 161 O 0 5,520 5,520 17a 4 258 6 2,070 4,140

In kind - - 38,568 14 O O 5,520 5,520 153 O 258 2 2,070 4, Mo

In money - - 72 - - - 19 4 0 4 —

By credit - - - - " " - 147 O O - - " -

October Weji-Indies. Germoon - - - 5° 224 11,200 46 2 40 1,600 1,600 50 0 75 0 600 1,200

In kind - - - 5,387 11 3 8 1,200 1,600 35 0 54 5 600 1,200

In money - - 1,813 34 3 32 - 15 0 20 3 —

By credit - - 4,000 - - - 400 —

9f February 19 Glocester - - - 278 224 62,272 2 59 1 52 8,896 8,896 278 0 417 0 3,336 6,672

Inkind - - 48,269 60 0 0 7,526 7>i 96 196 4 272 - 7 1,4973 2,912

In money - - 14,003 179 1 52

By credit - - 20 0 0 1,370 1,700 81 4 144 1 1,8383 3,760

February 3 Falmouth - - '97 224 44,128 183 3 68 6,304 6,304 197 0 295 4 2,364 4,728

In kind - - - 39,060 44 2 25 6,107 6,107 162 7 259 4 8oa|

In money- - 197 - 7 1,379 5 2 59 197 J97 6 a 9 13 734

Ditto, more - - - 2,789 133 - 2 4 - 27 7i 26 63 -

By credit - - 1,4273 2>855

t i 1 > mi — a -

00

This Ship was vi&ualled at Dover, 13 August, for two Month*.

Beer paid for, to Captain Warrin.

(Victualled at Dover 3 times; viz. 9 June, 22 July, and 30 August, for L a Month each time.

‘ " *]Beer 202 Tuns, 2 Hds. 37 Gal. paid for, to Captain Warrin; and 30 Tuns suppued at Portsmouth.

Captain Warrin paid for the Beer.

o

("Supplied at London, Beer 20 Tuns, Beef 1,370 Ps. Pork 1,700 Ps. But-{ ter 173 lb. Cheese 309 lb.: Supplied at Porllmouth, Oatmeal 144 Bush. I 1 Gal. Butter 1,665 Cheese 3,451 lb. Peas 81 Bushels, 4 Gallons.

Victualled at Dover, 20th April, -for 14 Weeks.

*8691 y

D

eg;

--h"

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

eg

FT

An ACCOUNT of the; Victualling his Majesty's Ships at Portsmouth, bound for the West~Indics, under the Command of the Honourable John Benbow, Esquire, Admiral and Commander

r in Chief; who sailed from St. Helen's the 28th November 1698.

o

Began Victualling. ' Ships Names. Pursers Names. j Number of

( Year. Month. — > 3 r a i 53 mi 1*

1698 June - - 11 Glocester - - Tho. Feild 278 112

1698 November 19 - ditto - - - ditto - - - 278 l6l

1698 June - - >5 Falmouth - - W111. Burrell *97 56

1698 November - ditto - - - - ditto - - - *97 6l

1698 April - - !9 Linn - - - John Burby *5 224

1698 October - 31 - ditto - - - - ditto - - - i*5 19<5

1698 November 21 - ditto- - - - ditto - - - i«5 21

1698 September 24 Dunkirk - - Richard A they 130 140

i$98. November 20 ditto for Soldiers - ditto - - - 600 42

1698 November 28 - ditto - - - - ditto - - - 130 70

1698 - - - 23 Germoon - I Capt. W.Gethin 50 49

1698 December *3 - ditto- - - - ditto - - - 50 21

1698 October - 5 Dolphin - Jam. Creswell 90 24

December 28 - ditto- - - ditto- - , 90; 1 84

To what Time the said Ship* are victualled at short Allowance.

20 Oct. 99

24 Oct. 99

*3 Ocit. 99

- {

30 June 99

6 Sep. 99

On Indent how charged. Biscuit. Beer. Beef. Pork. Peas. Oatmeal. Butter. Cheese. Necessan Money.

lb. Tuns. hds. GaJs. p». Ps. Bush. Gal. Bush. Gal. Ib. lb. £ s.

In kind 22,400 128 2 0 3,647 3,644 0 0 5* 5 1,668 3,336 68 1 1

Credit 8,736 1 0 56 801 804 *39 0 *56 7

In kind 44,758 186 1 58 6-394 6,394 83 4 5 2 2,397$ 4,795# 97 17

, Credit 116 2| 294 3$

In kind 6,720 45 3 52 *>355 960 - - 33 3 173 501 24 5

Credit 4,312 - - 221 616 49 2 4° 4 418 68l

In kind 31,717 132 O 37 4>42i 3,848 126 4 *77 0 1,69# 3,398# 69 *5

Credit - - - 110 683 *5 *T 35 3i - -

In kind 19,628 75 2 0 3,680 3.546 *5 0 169 2 *>37* 2,760 57 *

In money - - 3* 3 2°

Credit 6,132 - - - 124 - - - 3 2 9

In kind 21,980 53 0 0 3,220* 2,782 86 5 78 2 1,014 2,^49 50 7

Credit 560 35 3 40 - - 438 *4 0 72 5* *93f l66 -

In kind 2,4*5 10 0 *5 345 45 - - - - 1294 258# 5 7

Credit 10 6j 16 If

In kind 18,200 53 0 43 2,600 2,600 81 2 121 7 975 *.950 40 10 -

In money - 22 2 37

In kind 25,200 105 0 0 3.600 3,600 *12 4 168 6 *>350 2,700 52 10 -

In kind 8,436 37 3 40 1,300 1,300 40 5 5* 2 00 N| *»♦ 975 20 5

Credit 664 8 5t - -

In kind 2,45" 10 0 50 350 J 350 10 7t 16 4 »3'f 262$ 6 lo

In money 1,050 4 0 3 *50 *50 4 5f 7 % T 56* 112# -

In kind . 14,560 65 0 0 2,700 2,700 84 3 126 4# 1,012# 2,025 44 3

In money 1,260 5 1 0 180 180 5 5 8 3# 67# 135 - -

Ditto - - *3 3 0

Credit 4*34°

In kind 5 >600 26 0 0 1,980 1,080 33 6 3° 7 405 600 »7 1

Credit 1,960 5 2 0 *9 6 - *- 210 - -

; JO NOV. 99

An ACCOUNT of the victualling his Majesty's Ships at Portsmouth, bound for the East Indies, under the Command of Captain Thomas Warrin, Commander in Chief*

4.

8

7

9

1

9

Short F revisions.

d.

47 15

33 19

27 10 —

31 10 — 20 12 6

Began Victualling. Ships Names. Number of To what Time the said Ships are victualled at short Allowance. , On indent.

nr M £ Months. £ Q Parsers Names. r a 3 N 5* Q how charged. Biscuit. Beer. Beef. Pork. Peas. Oatmeal.

ib. Tuns. bds. Gals.; 41b. Ps. ,1b. P». Bush. Gal. Bush. Gal.

f In kind 49,468 Il6 2 14 1 6,217 7.340 68 1 136 3#

1698 July - - 5 Harwich Edward Crisp m 197 336 In money Credit 5,516 136-I 2 22 3 56 788 788 24 5 36 7#

I Ditto 11,208 - . - 2,451 1,328 202 6 270 -if

- - December >9 - ditto - - ditto - - 197 168 7U1 May 1700 In kind Credit 33W6 115 0 O 22 3 36 4,728 4,728 *3 34 1 3t 151 3 70 2

- - November 22 Anglesea Richard Morley *97 84 - < In kind Credit *,592 4,956 38 I 28 30 2 20 *,639 725 1,538 826 23 50 2 5 110 6}

- - December 26 - ditto - - ditto - - 197 35 13th May 1700 < In kind Credit 6,895 28 2 55 985 958 27 5 25 3 3t *5 5 30 4#

- - December 30 Hastings Tho. Wagstaff 115 *33 18th May 1700 I In kind Credit 14,448 847 48 146; 15 9 2,185 2,185 68 102 3#

De.emter 10 Lizard CaptainW. Johnson 95 168 7th May 1700 < In kind Credit 15,120 43 0 0 2b 0 0 2,160 2,l6o 47 20 0 4 93 8 1

Oil, and, in

Butter.

Ib.

2,53«t

295#

7*9

1,678*

94#

886#

369t

6 27 192 810

lb.

4-380

591

2,121

2,538#

1/>12#

»,773

56

1,500

1383

1,620

Money paid for

t Necessary Money. N Short Provisions. I

if. 1. d. £ 4-

140 — 7 204 7 9 Paid the Purser in London.

72 16 11 m rn m m ~ All supplied 30th November 98. Paid the Purser.

36 8 2 *5 3 5# - - - Paid the Purser in London. All supplied 30th November 98. Paid the Purser.

34 3 9# - - - . Paid the Purser.

35 19 2 - -> - Paid the Purser.

o

Paid to the Purser.

All supplied 19th November 1698'. Paid the Purser.

All supplied 28 November 1698. Paid the Purser.

Ail supplied the 23d November 1698. Paid the Purser.

All supplied 28 November 1698.

Paid the Purser*

Paid the Purser.

Supplied the 31 August 16918.

Paid the Purser.

All supplied 21 November 1698. Paid the Purser.

All supplied 28 November 1698. Paid the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

Paid the Captain.

Paid the Captain.

Paid the Purser.

Paid the Purser.

o

1

Si:

'O

j8o

a® ymuarii.

A. 1598.

No. 5. (E.) The iaid ACCOUNT of what Monies were paid to the Foreign Squadrons, upon their going out,

and what is (till due to thetn.

Sum paid to them to Michaelmas 1697. What remains due to them to Michaelmas 97,the time they were paid to*

£ d- I d.

9.5*8 14 7 471 5 5

17,583 '2 5 3,416 17 7

- 11,000

7,558 5 10 1,441 14 2

5,097 8 to 902 11 2

882 2 8 -

1,448 14 — 11 6 —

19,826 7 6 1,173 1* 6

10,564 10 1 1,435 9 U

| 4,069 8 n 4,230 11 i

5,i9 4 7 1,809 15 5

1,843 — 4 756 19 8

2,652 7 2 . 847 12 10

> '

1,570 1 n m

£ J 12,075 10 5 924 9 7

- t 1 0 0 1 1 -

} 5,862 3 1 2,1371611

14,301 11 5 1,798 8 7 y

2,876 6 5 423 13 7 J

10,259 2 11 " 1,740 17 1

615 19 4 114 — 8

133.815 2 5 35,237 2 2

cd

PS

3

4

5

4

5

6

Ships Names.

Boyne Defiance Ipswich Centurion Coventry -Dover Exeter Kingston -Medway -Adventure

Experiment Poole . -Sea-horse -Seaford -Firefeip.

Vulcan

Bomb-Vessels.

Salamander -Star

Store-Ship.

Canterbury

Tender. Martin Ketch -

after and Maiy's Company Winchester Bedford Gaily -Soriings " -

Falmouth

Dunkirk

Lynn

Harwich Anelefey Haitings Lizard

C

Fitted outfinte Michaelmas 1697. Not paid before (he font

Fitted out since Michaelmas 1697.

Fitted out since Michaelmas 97.

Fitted out since Michaelmas 97. Not paid before lhe failed.

Fitted out since Michaelmas 1697.

Fitted out since Michaelmas 1697. EAST-IN DIES.

Fitted out since Michaelmas 97.

No. 6. (F.) The aforesaid ACCOUNT of Money, voted by the House of Commons, for the Navy; and of what the Treasurer of the Navy has Certified to have received.

31st December 169 8.

Date of Votesw For what Years. Total of the Money, according . to the Votea.

16891 No Account of what was voted in £ *. d.

1690/ thefeTwo Years. 1,791,695

10 October 1690 - 1691

18 November 1691 - 1692 - - - 1,575,890

2 Deamber 1692 - 1693 m m m \ m 1,926,516 10 —

25 November 1693 - 1694 2,500,000

30 November 1694 1695 m m m m 2,382,712

6 and 14th Deamber 1695 - i6g6 - 2,516,972 — —

4 November 1696 1697 - - _ N 2,372,197

18th and 23th Dec. and 10 Mar. 97 - 1698 - 1,539,122 4 4

24 Deamber 1690 - a ffor building and equipping! \ Twenty-seven new Ships / 570,000

Between

10 W. III.

2* Januarii.

381

Between what Times.

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

Between

5th November r68S, and 30th September 1689 -the lit October 1689, and 30 September 1690 -

lft October 1690, and 30 September 1691 -

1 ft October 169!, and 30 September 1692 ——

the lft October 1692, and 30 September 1693 -the lft October 1693, and 30 September 1694 - -

the lft October 1694, and 30 September 1695 -the ift October 1695, and 30 September 1690' -

ift October 1696, and 30 September 1697 ——

ift October 97, and 30th September 98 922,991' 9

1 October 98, and'ift December 98 - - - - 152,295 13

18 Mar. 1690, and lft December 1698 -

Received of the Thirds andf Tenths of Prizes, according to an Act of Parliament in that behalf:

20 December 93, and ift-December 98 - - - ^Cnths 11443 1

'5 3 1 12 4 /

Sums! certified by the Treasurer of the Navy to be received.

£ s. d.

490,017 1-2 4

9J9>576 13 4a

1,627,690 17 5

Li54,307 1,837,526 5 —

2 61

2,056,734 19 9i

1,865,662 3 ni

| 1,894,689 6 9

' 2,789, T56 15 3

1,075,287 2 io

477,841 11 7

44,326 7 7

6,232,216 18 5

Note — ?That the Ordnance Part of the Navy is included in all the Votes, but not in the Sum certified by the Treasurer of the Navy to be received (a) [by him.]

Note also, That Mr. Lowndes, by his Letter of the »8th of November past, signifies the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury's having ordered the Sum of 126,559/. 14$. 10 for the Navy j which is not included in the abovesaid; being not certified by the Treasurer of the Navy to be received before the First of instant December.

As for the last Words of the Order, requiring what Accounts have passed of any such Money j and ill what Methods the said Accounts were passed; in case, by these Accounts, the Treasurers of the Navy's Accounts are intended^ which are the general Accounts of the Navy, they stand thus;

The Lord Falkland was Treasurer of the Navy from the 5th of November 1688, to the 31st March 1.689: D0

Leiger is found passed by the Navy-Board for the fame:

The Right Honourable the Earl of Orford succeeded; and his Lordship's First Year's Account for the Navy-Office is passed; as also Five Years for the Victualling: His Lordship's Leigers for Bills for the Navy-Office are signed - tft near the End of the Year 1697; Ship-books made up, and allowed', to the End of the Year 1694; amf the Yard-Books as far as they are. paid: His Lordship's voluntary Charges for the Years 1690, 1691, 1692, and 1693, for the Navy-Office, are delivered in, and under Examination.

As for the Methods of passing_Accounts in the Navy, it is done by regular Vouchers, or superior Orders.

No. 7. (G.) The aforesaid A6C0U N T of what' Orders have been made for new-erected Employments, between the 5th of November 1688, and the ift of December 1698; and for Increase df Salaries relatiegto the Navy.

Date of Orders. By whom.

1689. 4 April - -1 Jade - - Lords Admiralty - ditto - -

! 7 September 14 December - ditto - - - ditto - -

i6 January r February -6 March - ditto - - - ditto - - - ditto - -

1690. 15 December 26 ditto - ditto - - - ditto - -

23 February - - ditto - -

Appointing a Judge to the Admiralty-Court, at 400l. per Annum.

Appointing John Furnier to be Matter-Builder of the Bomb-Vessels, at 200l. per Annum.

Appointing art Assistant to the Surveyor of the Navy, at 300l. per Annum.

Appointing at Plymouth Mailer-Attendant, at £. 100 ----- ----- ]

Storekeeper and Muster-master - 120 ----- --Uer Annum.

Master-Caulker - - - - 60 ----- --J

Appointing a Clerk of the Survey at Plymouth, at 60/. per Annum.

Two Marine Regiments eltablllhfed!

Captain Atkinson, Captain Greenhill, and Captain Ayles, appointed Commissioners for tfanlporting the Forces to Ireland j at 400l. per Annum eadh; and each a Clerk at 30 /. per Annum.

Directing Two Purveyors to be sent to Ireland.

Appointing a Matter-Shipwright at Plymouth, at 100l. per Annum.

An Increase df Inferior Officers to Ships of Cath Rate; viz.

V01.XU.

Lieutenants - 2' 21

Gunners Mates - - 2 2 1

Boatswains Mates - - 2 3 1

Carpenters Mates - - 1 —

Quarter-mailers - - 2 4 2

Quarter-mailers Males 2 2 1

Surgeons Mates 4 3- 1

Boatswains Yeomen - ----- 2

Midshipmen - - - 4' 8 4

Yeomen of the Powder-room 2 2 2

Quarter-Gunners 4 4 4

From this Number, in each Rate, they w'ere, by this One for every Four Guns, in each Rate.

( a)Supplied from the original Account.

5 E

itif-Rkti.

Wftath

-3d Kate.

4th Rate.

2

1

2

1

4

£th Rate.'

to fane, partieutu Rate*,

2

2

1

2

Establishment, increased to

Date

382

2° Januarii.

A. 1698,

Date of Orders. By whom.

1691.

30 October - Lords Admiralty

- ditto - - - ditto

1692.

17 May - - ditto

2 January - - ditto -

7 February - - ditto

2 J une 93 - - - ditto

24 August 93 - ditto

1694.

17 August - ditto

26 September - ditto

12 October - - ditto -

14 November ditto

1 December - ditto

1695-

12 August " ditto

15 November - ditto

21 ditto - - ditto

1696.

10 April - - - ditto

15 ditto - - m ditto

5 May - - - ditto

18 June - - - ditto

19 November m ditto

23 ditto - - ditto

19 December ditto -

31 December ditto -

13 January. - - ditto -

4 March 0 22 June 97 -J ditto - ]

1697. 2d April- - ditto -

23 ditto - - - ditto -

7 February - - ditto - ]

5 August 98 m ditto - ]

Dr. Jeremiah Butts appointed Physician to the Blue Squadron, at 20 a Day. Dr. Richard Brown, the Red.

Matters to 6th Rates, at 3 /. 6s. od. per Menfem.

£. s. d.

Clerk of Cheque appointed for Plymouth, at - 100 ----- ---1

Surgeon pro ditto, at - - - - 28 13 10 per Annum.

Porter for ditto, at - - - - 13 5 9 J '

Appointing a Clerk to the Judge Advocate, at 30 /. per Annum.

Appointing a Muster-master at Liverpoole, at 50 /. per Annum.

To allow Geo.Windfly, Fort-Major at Sheernefle, 40/. for his former Pains in Tide-Service, and 10/. per Annum for the future.

Appointing a Secretary to the Lords of Admiralty, at 800l. per Annum: the former being allowed 500l.; this is increased but 300l. per Annum.

£. s. d.

Appointing at Kinfale, a Master-Attendant - 100 ----- ----- j

Storekeeper - - 100 ' ----- -J- per Annum.

Clerk of the Survey - 60 ----- --- J

r pointing Mr. Bowles to be Assistant to Commissioner Ayles, at 400l. per Annum. Appointing Muster-masters at Falmouth, Dartmouth, Rye, Yarmouth, and Newcastle, at 501, per Annum each.

Appointing Mr. Knatchbull Muster-master to the Two Marine Regiments, at 30 per Diem. £. s. d.

Appointing a Muster-master at Biddeford, at 50 /. per Annum.

Appointing*a Watchman to stand on Maker Church, to give an Account of what Ships passed by, according to Captain St. Loe's Propofol.

Provost-Marshal appointed at -

Deputy, at - -

3 Waiters, at 45/. 10 s.per Annum

£, s- d.

- 91 ----- -\

- 54 12 — J

- 136 10 — -

per Annum.

Boatswain and Porter, at 30

Secretary -Clerks, One at -One at -One at -One at -Doorkeeper Housekeeper Messenger Porter

| per Annum each.

£. s. d.

- 300 ——

- 200 ——

- 100 ——

- 80 ——

- 70 ——

- 60 ——

- 40 ——

- 30 ——

- 20 — —

- 20 ——

> per Annum.

Behaviour of the Chaplains of the Mediterranean Squadron, at 100l. per Annum.

A Receiver for the Port of London, at A Comptroller of his Accounts One Clerk, at - -

One ditto, at

\ Agents for New-England.

' a Muster-master at Shoreham, I. per

£. s. d.

100 ——

80 ——

50 ——

40 ——

per Annum.

£. s. d.

Two Commissioners, at - 100 ----- -each

Secretary, at - - 100 ——

Two Clerks, at - - 40 ----- --- each

Housekeeper- - - 16 ——

More, 40/. per Annum House*rent; and 80/. per Annum for the Custom-house Officers, at 12 d.per Man, for registring the Seamen.

per Annum.

Increase

IO W. III.

2° Jamarit.

383.

1694.

12 April -24 April -

lithAuguft -

Vol. XII.

Date of Orders. By whom.

i6qo.

23 April - - ^ords Admiralty r

14 May - - ditto - '

29 December - ditto - '

*3 February - - ditto - 1

1691.

14 September - ditto

19 October - ditto

8 January - - ditto

2 March ditto

4 ditto - - ditto -'

11 ditto - - ditto

14 ditto - ditto

1692.

3 October - - ditto

20 ditto - - ditto

17 March ditto

1693.

15 July - - ditto

20 ditto - - - ditto

14 November ditto

30 December ditto

17 January - ditto

23 ditto - - ditto

16 March ditto

19 ditto- - ditto -

Increase of Salaries; as follows:

Blue, for customary Table-money.

0 make an Extra-Allowance of 30$. a Day to Admiral Killigrew, over and above his Pay, as (b) [Vice-] Admiral of the Red, from the Time Admiral Russel left him, till the Date of his Commission to be Admiral of the Blue; and 20 s. a Day Extra, from that Time until he was made One of the Admirals of the Fleet, o increase the Pay of a Boatswain's Yeoman, in a 5th Rate, to 1 /. 6s. per Menfem; and the Yeomen of the Powder-room, in the several Rates, as under mentioned; viz.

In a lft Rate, to -2.

3-

4-

5-

1

1

1

1

d.

15

15 —

12 — 10 — 8 —

per Menfem.

To increase the Matter Rope-maker's Salary at Portsmouth to 60/. per Annum.

To make an Allowance of 10 s.a Day to Captain Matth. Aylmer, late Commander of his Majesty's Ships in the Mediterranean, over and above his Pay as Captain, from the Date of his Commission till the Time of his Discharge from the Monk.

To make an Extra-Allowance of 20 s.a Day to Hen. Killigrew, Esquire, Admiral of the Blue.

Sollicitor of the Admiralty and Navy's Salary increased to too /. per Annum.

To pay Captain Thomas Jennings his Salary, as Matter-Attendant at Chatham, as well as his Wages for Captain to the Rear-Admiral of the Blue, for the Time he acted in that Capacity the last Year.

To increase the Salaries of the Matter-Shipwright's Assistants atWoolwichto 5 6/. 10s. and 10/. per Annum House-rent.

To increase the Clerk of the Survey's Salary to 60/. per Annum at Sheernefie.

The Mutter-matters, of the Red and Blue, Salaries increased to 2001, per Annum each; and each of them a Clerk, at Fifty Pounds per Annum.

To pay Captain Bembow his Salary, as Matter-Attendant at Deptford, for the Time he afred as Matter of the Sovereign, and Captain of the Britannia, over and above his Wages as Matter and Captain, as aforesaid.

Tocause the Surgeons Imprett Jo be made Free gift.

To increase the Post-master's Salary at Deal to SI. per Annum, for fending up the Downs Lifts.

To increase the Clerk of the Cheque's Salary at. Woolwich to 1001, per Annum.

To pay Vice-Admiral Hopfon, as Captain of a First Rate, for the Time he commanded the Bredah, a 3d Rate.

To allow 12 d. per Diem extraordinary to such of the Seamen employed in fitting the great Ships at Portsmouth, as had Leave to be absent, by Proclamation, to the First of January next.

To make an Allowance of 205. a Day to Henry Killigrew Esquire, Sir Ra. Delavall, and Sir Cloudefly Shovell, for their Table, while they were joint Admirals.

To continue in Day-wages aihore the Seamen of the great Ships, who are enter-- tained in carrying on the Works at Chatham, until the Ships to which they belong shall fall down into deeper Water.

To make an Allowance of 10/. a Year House-rent to the Officers at Plymouth, until the Houses designed for them are finished; and the same Paper-money as the like Officers at Portsmouth.

To increase the Wages of the Flag-Officers, Commanders, &c. as under-mentioned;

viz.

Admiral of the Fleet, to ----- - Blue Vice Admirals, to -Rear-Admirals

£. s. d.

6 ----- --1

4 ——

3 ——

2 ——

per Diem.

1 Rate. 2 Rate. 3 Rate. 4 Rate. 5 Rate. 6 Rate.

£ s. d. £ s. d. £ s- d. £ s. d. £ s. d. £ . s. d.

Commanders - i 10 — 1 4 — — 15 — — 12 — — 10 — '

Lieutenants - — 6 — — 6 — — 5 — — 5 — — 5 — — 5 —

Matters - - 14 12 12 — 9 7 4 8 12 — 7 15 — 6 12 —

Surgeons - - 5 5 5 5 5

ditto The King

Lords of the 1 Admiralty -J

1

[per Diem.

To increase the Pay of the Flag-Officers Clerks to 2/. 5 0 per Menfem.

Four hundred Pounds per Antium to be allowed the Judge of the Admiralty-Court, over and above his present Salary, as a Reward for Attendance on the Privy-Council, Secretaries of State, Lords of the Admiralty, and Lois of Perquisites by Act of Parliament

To make an Allowance of 50/. per Annum to Henry Greenhill Esquire, for House-rent, for the Time he has acted as Agent and Commissioner at Plymouth; and to continue it until the House shall be built for him.

(i) Supplied from the original Account

T#

3*4

2° Januar

A* i 6<}8.

Date of Orders.

1694.

26 September

By whom.

Lords of the") Admiralty. J

12 October

19 October

20 December

15 February -

1695.

3 June - -

15 July - -

12 September

10 October -19 ditto - -

3 January -

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

22 January

13 July - -

14 August

1696.

3 September

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

To increase the Salaries of the Secretary and Clerks to the Lords of the Admiralty,

per Annum.

as under-mentioned; viz. £. s. d.

Secretary, to - - - - 800 ——

Two chief Clerks, each - - 200 ——

Six other Clerks, each - - 80 ——

Messenger - - - -50 ——

Two Servants to ditto, each - 25 ——

Porter - - - - -30 ——

Watchman - - - - 20 ——

Woman to look to the Floufe - 20 ——

To increase the Master-Shipwright's Salary at Kinfale to One hundred Pounds per Annum.

Clerk of the Cheque, the like.

To increase the Second Master-Attendant's Salary at Portsmouth to 100 /. per Annum, and 10 I. per Annum House-rent.

To increase the Shipwright's Second Afliftaut at Portsmouth to 50 /. per Annum, and 10/. per Annum House-rent.

To make an Extra-Allowance of 2 os.a Day to Admiral Russell, for his Table, over and above the Increase of double Pay.

To make the like Allowance to the Lord Berkley and Sir Geo. Rook.

To increase Mr. Peter Pett's Salary to 601. per Annum, for looking after the Papers of the Admiralty-Office.

To make Sir Cloudefly Shovell the like usual Allowance of Table-naoney, over and above his double Pay.

To increase the Salaries of Mr. John Clark, Mr. Michael Howen, and Mr. Kendrick Edifbury, to 200l. per Annum each.

To make an Allowance of Pay to Captain Betnbo, equal to a Rear-Admiral, while he continued cruising with the Ships on the Coast of France.

To increase the Muster-master's Salary at Yarmouth to 80/. per Annum.

To increase Dr. Littleton's Salary to 200 /. per Annum, besides his handing Salary of Twenty Marks.

To increase the Salaries of the Officers of the Yards, as under-mentioned'; viz.

Deptford, Woolwich,

Chatham, Sheernefie,

Portsmouth. Plymouth

To the Masters-rAttendants -

- - - Shipwrights - £. £.

- - - Storekeepers

Clerks of the Cheque

- - - - Survey

Mafeer SffipwrightsiVffift 100per Annum each, j- 80 per AVinum each'

Boatswains of the Yards - 80

Clerks of the Rope-Yards 100

Master Rope-makers - 100

Porters- - - 30

j To the Mast-makers -

Boat-builders -

Sail-makers -

Joiners - -

House-Carpenters -Bricklayers, or Masons -

Foreman of the Shipwrights - - — 3 —

Quartermen - 26

Foremen Riggers - 2 —

Labourers - - - — 16

Scavelmen - - - — 16

Purveyors at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, 501, per Annum, besides Travelling Charges.

Surgeon at each Yard, 40/. per Annum.

Ditto Extra, at Chatham, 30 /. per Annum.

Ditto Ordinary, 201, per Annum.

To make an Allowance of Twenty Shillings a Day Table-money to Admiral Russell,

Lord Berkley, and Sir Cloudefly Shovell, over and above the Eflublishment for double Pay.

To make an Allowance of Twenty Shillings a Day Table-money to Sir George Rook, in the like manner as above.

To make the like to Admiral Russell.

To increase the Salary of the Master of their Lordships Barge to 6 I. per Annum.

To make an Allowance of 6 /. per Meafem to the present Wages of such Seamen

- / 200 per Annum each. >150 pen Annum'each

per Annum each.

s.

3

3

3

2

2

2

d.

70

100

100

2 5.

per Annum each.

6 6

6 )per Diem, in each Yard.

as shall register themselves.

To

Button

making*

Ditto.

10W. III.

3° — 3 0 Januarii.

3^5

Date of Orders.

3 September

15 ditto

6 October -

19 November

13 January -28 February -13 March 1697.

18 August

3 September

4 December

15 ditto

16 ditto

12 January -

2 March

19 ditto

98.

5 May

19 October -

By whom.

Lords of the"! Admiralty. ( ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

- ‘ ditto

ditto

ditto

- ditto

- ditto

- ditto

- ditto ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

To make an Allowance to Captain Bemberw, equal to Rear-Admiral, for the Fiity-eight Days he was employed with the Bomb-Vessels.

To make an Allowance of 50/. per Annum to Captain Byng and Mr. Baker* Commissioner of the Register for House-rent.

To make the usual Allowance of Twenty Shillings a Day, Table-money, to Sir Clow. Shovell.

To increase the Salaries of the Three Clerks belonging to the Commissioners of the Navy, w ho are employed in the Register-Office, to 40/. per Annum.

To make the usual Allowance of 205. a Day, Table-money, to the Lord Berkly.

To make the like to Sir Clow. Shovell.

To increase the Post-master's Salary at Deal to 12 /. per Annum.

To increase the chief Clerk of the Admiralty's Salary to 250/. per Annum.

To make an Increase of 5/. per Annum to the Clerk of the Cheque at Kinfale, for

' Paper-money.

To make an Allowance of 50/. per Annum, for House-rent, to the Assistant to the Clerk of the Acts, from the Date of his Warrant, and to be continued.

To make the usual Allowance of Table-money to Sir Geo. Rook.

To make the like to Sir Clowdfly Shovell.

To make an Allowance of 10 a. a Day to Captain Munden, over and above his Pay, for the Time he was Commander in Chief of the Ships in the Rivers of Thames and Medway.

To make an Allowance of Ten Shillings a Day to Captain Norris, extraordinary, while he was Commander in Chief of the Newfoundland Squadron.

To make the usual Allowance of Table-money to my Lord Berkly.

To make an Allowance of 10 s.a Day to Captain Beaumont, extraordinary, for the Time he commanded the Squadron before Dunkirk; and to pay him as Captain of a 2d Rate for the same Time.

To make an Allowance of 30/. per Annum for a Clerk, and 10/. per Annum Paper-money, to the Clerk of the Cheque at Kinfale, on account of his officiating thfc Place of Storekeeper, as well as Clerk of the Cheque.

Note, That many of thel'e Employments, and Increase of Salaries, have been, since the War, reduced.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis,3* die Januarii; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Series Goat ft/, Robert Hodson, and others, Button-fellers and Makers in add about the Cities of London and Westm, in the Names of themselves, and others of the same Trade within the Bills of Mortality, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,..... by the Wearing of Buttons made by Taylors, of the Shreds of Cloth, and the Stuffs whereof the Garments are made, the Petitioners Trade, which used to employ many Thousands of poor People, is extremely prejudiced; and the Consumption of the Woollen Manufacture is also lessened thereby, by reason the Materials, wherewith Needle-wrought Buttons are made, are brought from Turks/; and are the Produce of our Woollen Manufactures: And praying Ixave to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, pursuant to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Harvey, Mr. Brotherton, Colonel and Mr.

Lee, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, and others, the Inhabitants, and Button-makers, in or near the Town of Macclcsfeild, in the County Palatine of

Chester, in the Name of themselves, and all others of their Trade, in or near the said Town, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for many Years past, the Petitioners by their Trades maintained themselves, and Families; but, of late, by reason of the Wearing Buttons made of Cloth and Stuffs, their Trade is l'o Vo A. XII.

decayed, and they are become lo poor, that many of them are become burdensome to their Relations, and the Pa-rifties wherein they live: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

A Petition of the Parishioners and Inhabitants of the Button ancient Town of Sherborne, in the County of Dorset, and ""king* Parishes adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the general Wearing of Buttons made of the Shreds of Cloth and Stuff, the Petitioners Trade, which used to maintain many Thousands of poor People, is utterly ruined: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Gentlemen who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the said Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Darwent making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, na- Navigation* vigable: And that the Lord Henry Cavendish and Mr.

Vernon do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs and Commonalty, of Selling Cora the City of Winchester, in the County of Southampton, in by Sample*,

the behalf of themselves, and all other the Inhabitants of the said City, was presented to the House, and redd; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very sensible of the great Good and Plenty they, and other adjacent Towns, have received by the late Proclamation for putting the Laws in Execution against Engroffers and Forestallers: But, for that many Farmers do yet fell great Quantities of Cora by Samples only, or at their Dwelling-houses, the Laws are evaded; the Price of Corn is enhanced; and the Poor

Dee

Navigation*

Billingsgate Fish Market.

Droitwich

Writ.

Privilege — a Person petitions for disc barge.

Call of the House.

Mr. Speaker communicates a Letter.

A Member desires his Declarations to be taken instead of the Oaths.

586 3* — 40 Ja 1698.

of Corn, Meal, and Bread, by bringing in a Bill to prohibit the Exportation thereof; they pray, That a* Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to prevent the Selling of Corn by Samples only, or at Farmers own Dwelling-houses.

And a Motion Joeing made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the prohibiting the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year, is committed.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making the River Dee, in the County of , naviga-

ble: And that Sir Thomas Gr and Mr. and the Members of the Counties of Chester and Flint, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish: And that Sir Thom. Dccvall and Sir Samuel Barnardiston do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Thomas Foley junior, being chosen a Burgess for the Borough of Stafford, in the County of Staffordand also for the Borough of Droitwich, in the County of Worcester; made his Election to serve for the said Borough of

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Droitwich, in the room of the said Mr. Foley.

A Petition of John Leicester, in the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House, for a Breach of Privilege by him committed, in arresting Mr. William Woollaston, as he was going from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to which he was summoned as a Witness, was presented to the House, and read: By which, he acknowledged his Offence; and begged Pardon for the fame; and prayed to be discharged out of Custody.

Ordered, That the said John Leicester be brought to the Bar of this House Tomorrow Morning in order to his Discharge.

The House was, according to Order, called over:

And the Names of such Members as made Default were noted down:

And their Names being called over a Second time, several of them were excused upon account of their being tick; and others upon the Road, coming up; and others upon account of extraordinary OccasionS in the Country.

And the Name of John Archdale Esquire, a Burgess for the Borough of Chiping-Wicomb, in the County of Bucks, being called over a Second time;

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That Mr. Archdale had been with him this Morning; and delivered him a Letter sealed: Which Mr. Speaker presented to the House.

And the feme was opened, and read; and is as followed j viz.

London, the 3d of the LI called January 1698*9.

Sir,

Upon the Call of the House it will appear, that I am duly chosen, and returned, to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Chipping-Wycombe, in the County of Bucks; and therefore I request of thee to acquaint the honourable House of Commons the Reason I have not as yet appeared; which is, That the Burgesses being voluntarily inclined to elect me, I did not oppose their Inclinations, believing that n y Declarations of Fidelity, 8$c. might in this Cafe, as in others where the Law requires an Oath, be accepted; lam therefore ready to execute my Trust, if the House think fit to admit of me thereupon; which I do humbly submit to their Wisdom and Justice; and shall acquiesce with what they will be pleased to determine therein; This being all at present, I remain,

Thy real and obliged Friend,

John Archdale.

Ordered, That the Contents of the said Letter be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Archdale do attend this House upon Fiiday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 4* die Januarii;

10* Gulielmi Tertii.

SI R William Norris, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable the Town of Leverpoole to build a Church, and endow the feme by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town and Liberties thereof a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton: And the same was received; and read the Fiift time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time upon Monday Sevennight

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Colonel Speccott, who is ill in the Country, That he being chosen a Knight for the County of Cornwall; and a Burgess for the Borough of

in the feme County; and that he eiefib to serve for the said County of Cornwall.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Saltash, in the room of the said Colonel Speccott.

A Petition of the Distillers in London, and

Surrey, was presented to the House, and read ;. letting forth, That the Petitioners did formerly distil Brandy, and Spirits, from Brewers Wash and Malt: But by a late Act of Parliament they were obliged to distil from malted Corn only; and the Petitioners built, for that Purpose, Brewhouses, and many other chargeable Conveni-encies, for such Distillations, which have been very advantageous to the Kingdom; and they doubt not to prove, that their using Barley malted hath not occasioned the present Dearnefe of Corn; and that to prohibit the Petitioners the Use of malted Corn will be prejudicial to England, and the Land-owners thereof: And praying. That they may be heard, by their Counsel, against the Bill for prohibiting the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn j and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; before the same do pase into an Act.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That such Members as did not appear Yesterday, upon the Call of the House, do attend the Service of the House upon this Day Fortnight.

The Lord Combury presented to the House a Bill to repeal a Clause, in Prejudice to the Right and Interest of Thomas Seviar to the Office of the Marftial of the Mar-shalfea of the King's-Bench, in an Act passed in the 8th and

9th Year of his Majesty s Reign, for the more....

Relief of Creditors, in same of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses in Prison3, and pretended privileged Places: And the same was received; and read the l'irft time.

And also the Petition, upon which the Bill was ordered to be brought in, was again read.

And the Question being put. That the Bill be read a Second time.

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

John Leicester was, according to the Order of YeC-terday, brought to the Bar: Where he, upon his Knees, received a Reprimand from Mr. Speaker.

Ordered,

LcverpooU

Parish.

Saltash Writ

Distillation from Coin.

Call of tht House.

Marsh&l of King'sBench*

Privilege — a Person reprimanded and discharged.

io W. III. 40 — 50 Januarii.

Ordered, That the said John be discharged

out of Custody, paying his Fees.

Abafes in Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to King'? B^nch whom the Petition of John is referred; and who

and Meet are to inquire into the ill Practices, and Abuses, of the

Prifoas. Prisons of the King's Bench, and the Fleet; That they do

inquire into the Incumbrances upon the Offices of the Marshal of the King's-Bench, and Warden of the Fleet; and what may be fit to be done for the remedying thereof, and better Execution of those Offices; and report their Opinion therein to the House:

And that Mr. Probert M r. Mountague, Mr. , Mr. More, Mr. Gorges, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Osborn, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of

all is referred; and who are to inquire into the Abuses, and ill Practices, of the Fleet and King's-Bench Prisons.

in the Woollen Manufactures of England, and the Consumption thereof encouraged.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the Exportation of Wool Irom England and Ireland to foreign Parts; and to consider the most proper Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And that the said Committee do fit dedie in diem:

And that the Lord Fairfax, Sir Edward Blackett, Mr.

Carteret, Sir. Hayes, Sir Robert Mr. Harvey,

and Mr. Mountague, be added to the said Committee.

Ordered, That no Member of this Home do depart the Leave of Service of the House, without Leave given for the same: Absence» And that Leave for Members to go into the Country be asked for, only, between the Hours of Twelve and One a Clock.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace, into summoned. Westmimter-hall, and Court of Requd't, and summon the

Members there to attend the Service of the House immediately.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for li- Writs of miting a certain Time for bringing Writs of Error to re- Error' verse Fines and Recoveries, and ancient Judgments; and also for Redeeming of Mortgages: And that Sir Bartholomew Shower, Mr. Thirsby, and Mr. Foley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Disbanding A Motion being made, and the Question being put the Arm). That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for disbanding the Army is committed, That they do re-consider the Number of Seven thousand Men, Part of the Forces now in England, therein mentioned not to be disbanded;

It passed in the Negative.

Ditto. Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning

at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the speedy and efftctual disbanding of the Forces in England and Ire-Lnd.

Commitues. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 5* die Januarii;

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Ordered, That the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spi- Distillatiwi rits, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds {rvm (-ora* in Distillers; be read a Second time upon Tuesday next, in a full House, alter Twelve a Clock.

A Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Vice and Sapprefling Immorality was read a Second time. ^'ce <u'd

And the Question being put, That the Bill be com- mmora 1 y* mitted;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas.

/Sir j 4 Mr.

Thomas How:

Tellers for the Noes,

'I. Mr. Hecemngham:

} ,34-1124.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Praters.

Tone Navi- A I R. Clark, according to Order, presented to the gation. xVX House a Bill for making the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Committed. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning State of tha next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Navy, to consider of the State of the Navy.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the A'dmi- Account* ralty do lay before this House an Account when the East r*fP|\a'n8 and IV-st-India, and Straits, Squadrons were ordered to "e 1 avy‘ be fitted out

Importing A Petition of the principal Traders and Dealers in the Wool from Woollen Manufactures, residing within the Tow n of Tet-Ireland. bury, in the County of Gloucester, in the behalf of thein-selves, and the poor luhahitantseinployed therein, was presented to the House, and read; fitting forth, That by reason of the great Quantities of Wool combed into Worsted, Woollen Yarn, and other wrought Woollen Goods, imported from Ireland to Bristol, and other Ports in England, the poor People of this Nation are ready to perish for want of Employment; they fofiaining the Loss of Eight Pounds for every Pack of Worsted Yarn, 4/. for every Pack of Woollen Yarn, 40 or 3 /. for every Pack of combed Wool; and so proportionably for all other wrought Woollen Goods brought from Ireland into England; for want of our Poors Working of it here: And praying, That the House will take the Tremifes into their Consideration, so as the like Mischiefs may be prevented for the future, by prohibiting the Importation of all such Wool combed into Worsted, Worsted Yarn, Woollen Yarn, and other wrought Woollen Goods, from Ireland; whereby our own Poor may be the better employed Vol. XII.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account of what so-perior Orders have been given for the Passing of any Accounts for the Navy, or Victualling; and to whom} and for what Sum and Sums; and for what Services.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House an Account of what Privy-Seals have passed relating to the Navy, or Victualling; and to whom; and for what Sum and Sums; and for what Services.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh, in the Account Army Dtbfc ordered to be by him laid before this House of the Debt due to the Army, do distinguish what is due to every particular Regiment.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Disbanding solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to h* Army, consider of the Bill for the speedy and effectual disbanding the Forces in England and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair,

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

.1698*

388 5b~^6° — 7d

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refotoed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said BilL

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

"1 __________ ——

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had' directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Button-

making.

Encouraging Woollen Manufacture.

A Mfember refutes to take the Oathi.

A new Writ Ordered.

Thetford

Writ.

Preventing Export of Core, &c.

Veneris,6* die Januarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Brayers.

MR. Harvey, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent the making, and felling Button made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, and other Stuffs: And the same was received; and read the First time. Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland-, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That Mr. Archdale attended, according to Order;

His Letter to Mr. Speaker was again read.

And the several Statutes qualifying Persons to come into, and fit and vote in, this House, were read; viz. of the 30 Car. l\di; l* Will. Jllarue; and 7* 8$ 8° Will. 8$ Mariee.

And then the said Mr. Archdale was called in;

And he came into the Middle of the House, almost to the Table.

And Mr. Speaker, by Direction of the House, asked him, Whether he had taken the Oaths, or would take the Oaths, appointed to qualify himself to be a Member of this House: To which he answered, That, in regard to a Principle of his Religion, he had not taken the Oaths, nor could take them.

And then he withdrew.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Chipping Wicomb, in the County of Bucks, in the room of the said Mr. Archdale; who hath refused to qualify himself to be a Member of this House, by taking the Oaths by Law appointed for that Purpose.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from Sir Joseph , who is at the

Hague, That, he being cholen a Citizen for the City of Rochester; and also a Burgess for the Borough of Thetford, in the County of Norfolk; elects to serve for the City of Rochester.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the said Borough of Thetford, in the room of the said Sir Joseph Williamson.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sahhati, T die Januarii; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R Edward Hussey reported from the Committee, to Le pell's Nat.

whom the Bill for naturalizing Nicolas Lepell was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Bulwer's enable Edward Bulwer Esquire to fell certain Lands in Estate. the County of Norjolk; he settling other Lands, in the feme County, of equal Value, to the same Uses: And that Mr. England, and Sir Jacob Ashley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the House pase of a Bill for the greater Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of Sheriffs, their Offices, and passing their Accounts: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Francis Lafcoc Merchant, was presented Abuses in to the House, and read; letting forth. That Sir John King's Bench James was a Prisoner in Execution, in the Fleet Prison, at et the Petitioner's Suit, for 4,000 /.; from whence he etcaped:

And the Petitioner afterwards obtained Judgment against Mr. Church, the then Warden of the Fleet, - for the said Escape; and moved the Court of Common-Pleas for a Sequestration; which was not granted, by reason the Court was of Opinion, That the Petitioner could have no Benefit thereby, because of the many Incumbrances upon the Office of Warden; for Relief wherein, the Petitioner did last Year petition this House; who ordered a Bill to be brought in to hinder El'capes, which passed this House; but did not the Lords, because it went up at the latter End of the Session: Since which, Sir John James hath, as informed, turned himself over to the King's-Bench Prison; from whence he hath also made his Escape; so that the Pe titioner is like to lose his Money, though he has taken all due Methods that he can to recover it: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Goodall is referred; and who are to inquire into the ill Practices, and Abuses, of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And that Sir Edward Blackett, Mr. Egerton, Mr. Blake,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cmcper, Mr. OsboSir John

Mr. Yates, be added to the said Committee.

DifWing The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a the Army. Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the Bill for the speedy and effectual disbanding the Forces in England and Ireland.

Ordered, That Mr. Ileveningham, Sir Exporting

Mr. Yates, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Ojfley, Sir Tho. Davall, Wool. Mr. Campion, Mr. Clark, Mr. Eyres.Mr be added to the Committee appointed to consider which 14 way

befeftive

Titles.

Gifts to

Charitable

U(ea.

Encouraging Woollen Manufactures.

Ditto.

io W. III.

7® yanuarin

of Gifts to charitable Uses: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

way to prevent the Exportation of Wool from England

and Ireland; and to consider the most proper Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Sir Richard Cocks, according to Order, presented to the ,p, r , f , r

House a Hill for the General Qniet of the Subjea against , &..} of a"or, dln? lo.0r^r. PrefenKd Drtt

all Pretence of Concealment hatsoever I And the same 10 ,he House an Act, raa rf "hat's 3ue 10 ,he Forces now was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Thursby, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for the better and further Encouragement

in England, to the First of January 1698; distinguishing what is due to every particular Regiment.

And the same wad read; and is as followelhj viz.

Arrears of

Subsistence in Arrears of Pay. Totals.

Flanders.

Horse; L s. d. C s. d. c s. d.

First Troop of Guards - - 5,469 6 4i 15,425 9 — 20,894 15 4 I

Second Troop - 2,480 16 11 *5,153 11 11 17,634 8 10

Third Troop - - 4,321 12 — 15,350 14 2 19,672 6 2

Fourth Troop 13,631 18 — 10,434 1 34 24,065 19 34

Troop of Grenadier Guards - 2,748 16 — 7,525 8 6 10,274 4 6

Royal Regiment - - . - - 34,770 5 11 34,770 5 11

Regiment of Guards - 10,915 14 .6 13.459 9 7 24,375 4 1

Major-General Lumly's - - 7,624 16 -4 26,581 7 — 34,206 3 — i

Colonel Woods - 6,304 16 11 .18,722 10 10 25,027 7 9

Earl of Arran's - - 4,100 14 19,644 6 6 23,745 i 3 i

Brigadier Windham's - 5,255 15 6 18,941 2 6 24,196 18

Duke of Schomberg's - 3,703 11 10 18,316 6 6 22,019 18 4

Earl of Macclesfeild's - L. - - 16,881 9 2 16,881 9 2

Dragoons.

Royal Regiment - 4,677 14 11 15,273 16 4 19,951 J1 3

Colonel Lloyd's - 4,397 14 7i 14,898 5 2 19,295 19 91

Earl of Essex's - - 5,397 8 3 14,387 7 9 19,784 16

Foot. i

First Regiment of Guards - 2,212 6 3 57,136 16 5 59,349 2 8

Second llegiment of Guards - 2,552 12 9 32,888 19 35,441 11 9

Third Regiment of Guards - 18,409 18 30,147 16 5 48,557 14 5

Royal Regiment Brigadier Selwyn's - - ' 4,875 16 4 27,23619 7 32,112 15 11

799 9 10 14,708 4 6 15,507 14 4

Major-General Churchill's 3,377 1 7 14,069 12 2 17,446 13 9

Brigadier Trelawne's 1,249 14 10 15,145 12 6 . i6,395 7 4

Major-General Erie's 1,127 11 3 15,093 17 10 36,221 9 1

:: "5,635 7 6 482^193. 10 6-i 597,828 T 00

Royal Regiment of Fufileersin and Guernsey - - . Jersey 3,188 8 U 14,781 ' 9 10 17,969 17 "4

L 118,823 15 74 496,975 — 44 615,798 16 .

To the General Officers for the Year) 50,000

ending the 1 ft January 1697 -J To them for the Year ending the lftl

50,000

of January 1698 - -i c 1 "

Total 715,798 l6

Ranelagh.

Ordered, That the said AbstraCfc do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

A Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to reltrairi the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade do lay before this House such Observations as they have made, and such Papers as they have, relating to the Encourage

Vo l. XII.

ment of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, and of the Linen Manufacture of Ireland.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do Exports to lay before this House an Account of the Exports from Ireland. England to Ireland for the Year 1697.

His Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses, at Supply, the Opening of the Parliament, being read;

And a Motion being made, That a Supply be granted

to his Majesty;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of that Motion.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

5 G

friftttv

tloffiaft

Trader

Button-

making.

Privilege.

Lcpells Nat

Supply.

59°

9° — -1 o° J

A.. 1698*

Luna, (f die

10* Gulielmi Tertii.

PrAYERS.

MR. Parkkurst, from the Commissioners of frizes, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of what Ships have been taken since the War; how disposed of; and how the; Proceed of such Ships, and Goods, has been applied.

And the Title thereof was read.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table* to be perused by the Members of the House.

The same is contained in a Booh by itfetf.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for enlarging the Russia Trade t And' that Sir Thomas Mr. jBlofeld, and Sir George Hdo prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to prevent the making and felling Buttons made of Cloth, Serge,i Drugget, or other Stuffs, was-read) a Second time.

Rejoiced. That the Bill be committed to Sir Francis Windham, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Heoemngham,

Sir Barth. Shower, Sir John Bodies, Sir Ashley, Sir

Jos. Jekyll, Sir WnuCook, Sir Tho. Mr. Bos-

cawen, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Mr. Bolter,

Sir John Phillips, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Howard, Mr. Yates, Mr. Guy, Mr. Moantsteoens, Mr. Perry, Mr. Bro-therton, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Leigh, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Miller, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Vtmon, Mr. Lowther, Sir JVm. Fillers, Mr. Bare, Mr. Harvey,

Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Molyneux, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr.

Harley, Mr. England, Sir Edward Blackett, Mr.

Mr. Blisse, Mr. York; and all that serve for the Counties of Dorset, Chester, and Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Complaint being made to the tioule, That Robert Jones, David Thomas, William Reynolds, and others, had entered upon fevdral lands and 1'enements, in the County of Monmouth, the Estate of Sir Baronet, a

Member of this House; and taken away the Tenants Cattle from off the lame; in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to die Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and to report the feme, with their Opinion therein, tb die House.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing Nicholas Lepell was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Tide be,

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Lepett.

Ordered, That Sir Edwdrd Hussey do Carry die Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto*

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Motion, made on Saturday last, for a Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed. That there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair;

Ordered, That Mr. Cooper do take the Chair of the said Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee. Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee*

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolurion; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That Mr. How, upon Leave of Notice of his Lady's sudden Death, is gone into the Abfeit^ Country; and that he desires he may stay there feme time, to settle his Affairs.

Ordered, That Mr. How have Leave to fray in the Country, to settle his Affairs.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Preventing the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Ex- Export of portation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year, is Corn'&c* committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, if they think fit, to prevent the Forestalling of Markets.

The* the House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Heoeningham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Heoeningham reported from- the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive (tie fame.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Momiig,

And then the House adjourned tiU Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Ditto.

Martis, 10* die Januarii;

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Thomas Chute Esquire, Clerk of E1<aio«» — the Crown, was presented to the House, and read; Fees, See. ta letting forth, That the Writs for electiing Members to c,erk serve irt Parliament, with the Indentures annexed, ought to be delivered into the Petitioner's Office by the High W Sheriff himself, or feme other credible Person: But the Returns for this Parliament have been very unusual; not Half of the Members being returned at the Day they were to meet, and feme not till Three Months after; and the Indentures from feme Counties lent up by the Post, and brought the Petitioner by Boys and Porters; which may prove of ill Consequence: That heretofore, the Petitioner, and his Predecessors, did receive a small Fee upon filing the Indentures, and entering the Names of all the Members in Two Books; one of them remaining of Record1 in the Petitioner's Office, and the other delivered for the Service of this House; which now is seldom paid him: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report their Opinion therein what ii fit to be done, in relation thereunto:

And it is referred to Mr. Clark, Mr. Heoeningham, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Lowther, Sax John Bolles, Mr.

Campion, Mr. Eyres, Mr. Cox, Mr. Blake, Mr. Ojfley,

Mr. Biilkly, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Air. , Mr.

Vaughan, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Montagu, Mr.

Osborne, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Clayton, Mr.

Harvey, Mr. Boyle, Sir Wm. Ellis, Mr. Lee, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mr.

Shackerly, Mr. {Carter, Sir Wm.Fillers, Sir John Philips, Mr. England, Mr. Freeman, Sir Dumas Duvall,

Mr. Heivey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do consider of the enlarging the Time, allowed by the late Act, for delivering the Precepts in the

14 Cinque-

1

fcifiillatioB fauna Com*

Ditto.

Dittos

Tone Navigation,

ioW. III. ibti Jannaru*

Cinque-Ports, for Ek&ions of Members to serve in Parliament.

A Petition of several Farmers, in the County of Hertford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That since an Act passed, in the 2d Year of the Reign of King William and Queen- Mary, for encouraging the distilling Brandy and Spirits from Corn, the Petitioners have rented and ibwn several Acres of Land with Barley, with good Success: But by another Act, passed lately, for laying a Duty of Buflhel uponi

all malted Corn, the Petitioners have been greatly discouraged; and, by reaion of a wet and cold Season this. Year, their Corn, in great part, is unfit for Brewing; so> that if a Bill now depending in the House, for prohibiting the Distilling of low Wines, and Spirits, from Com.;, and to prevent the Frauds in Distillers; should pase> it> will hinder the Petitioners from felling their damaged' Corn, and incapacitate them to pay their Rents: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, before it pais this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen* Sheriffs, ah<f Common-Council, of the City of on behalf of

the Citizens and Inhabitants there, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Grand Jury for the-find City did, at their last General Quarter-Sessions, signify to the Mayor, and Justices, the great Distress the poor labouring People lay under, by reason of the Dear-ness of Com, occasioned, in great measure, by the great Quantities of Malt distilled into Spirits; which more especially affefits the Poor, because their Bread, as wed as Drink, is, for the most part, made from Barley; so that if that Gram only be reduced to a moderate Price, h would very much ease the Poor: And praying the Confederation of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill td prohibit the Distilling of low Wines, and Spirits, from Com; and to prevent the Frauds in Distillers; be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Land-owners, Farmers, and Mahfrers, of the County of Norfolk, and City of Norwich, on behalf of themselves and others, was prefeated to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Rents of that County are, in a great measure, raised by the Produce of Barley, the <*reateft Part of the Ground being most proper for that Gram, which generally was exported before the Act for encouraging the distilling Spirits from Corn, the Price thereof being very low: That if foe Bill, depending in the House, to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn j and to prevent the Frauds in Distillers; should pass into a Law, it will not only prejudice the Petitioners in their Estates and Employments, but will also much lessen his Majesty's Revenues: And praying. That the Distilling of Spirits from Malt may be continued.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for making the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Rejoined, That the Bill be committed to Sir Walter Young, Sir Thomas Day, Mr. Clark, Mr. Hales, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Pitfdld, Sir Richard Cox, Sir Philip Boteler,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Clayton, Captain Dyot, Mr. Cul-liford, Mr. Harvey, Sir Francis DrSir Mr. Philipps, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Blaise, Mr. York, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Miller, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hare, Sir . Vql. XII.

Godfry Copley, Mr. Henly, Mr. Cmper, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Bere, Mr. England, Mr. H Mr. Lozcther; and all for Devonshire, Somersetshire, and Dorsetshire:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Motion being made, and the Question, being put,

That all that come to the said Committee hqve Voices;

It passed in the Negative,

Mr. Cmt-per reported, from the Committee of the Supply, whole House, to whom it was referred to oooofider of the Motion, made on Saturday last, for h Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followed); viz.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That a Supply be granted to his Majesty.

The feid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the H^use doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Supply be granted so his Majesty.

Rejoined, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, tQ consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the AbstraCfc of what is due to the Forces now in England, to the First of January 1,698, . which had: been presented to the House, be referred so the Cqpsideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered \That the Lord Coningsby do lay before this. Army House an Account of what is due to any Regiments under Arrears, his Care, which are to be paid by England.

Ordered, That the Earl of Randagh do lay before this Ditto. House an Account of what Arrears are due to the Forces already disbanded.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranehgh do lay before this Money for House an Account how foe Money, which was appropri- disbanding ated the last Session for disbanding thfe Forces, has been.® Army" applied.

Sir Robert Rich, according to Order, presented to the East and West House an Account of foe Times when foe East and West I,ndia>&c-India and Straits, Squadron, were ordered to be fitted ron' out:

And also a Copy of a Privy-Seal:

And acquainted the House, That, as the Account of superior Orders given for foe passing Accounts for the Navy and Victualling, the same is preparing with all foe Spew that can be.

Which Account, and Copy, are as follow.; viz.

The said Account.

Squadron. r

Straits. {

S Rate* Ships*

3- , Boyne - - -.Defiance -Ipswich - -J

4* Coventry - -Dover -Exeter - J Medway - - \ Kingston - - j

5. Adventure -Betty - - -J Experiment -Poole -

6. Seaford - -Sea-Horse - -

Fire-Ship Vulcan ... -

Store-Ship Canterbury

1 Bombs fSalamander 1 IStar -J

Date of Order*

1 Feb. 169$.

30 Dec. 1697.

1 Feb, i69t-

30 Dec. 1697.

23 Feb. 9f

30 Dec. - 97-

10 Mar. - 9l*

30 Dec. ' 97-

1 Feb. 9*.

2 Mar* 169*.

1 Feb. - 9

Squ 1 ad ron,

lo° Januarii

A. 16^981

Squadron. Rate. Ship*.

4- Harwich - -

East India. Anglesea - -

5- Hastings - -

6. Lizard - -

I" Gloucester -1 Falmouth -J

West-India.,) Dunkirk - -

5- Lynn - -

J 6. Germoon Prize

Date of Order.

1 Mar. 169!. 10 - ditto. -25 July - 98.

3 Mar. - 9f.

28 Mar. - 98.

15 Sept. - 98. 10 Mar.-23 July - 98.

6 January 169-5-. Admiralty-Office.

The laid Copy of a Privy-Seal;

1

WILLIAM the Third, by the Grace of God, King of England, Scotland, France and Ireland, Defender of the Faith, &$c. To the Commissioners of our Treasury, Chancellor, Under-Treasurer, Chamberlains, Barons, Auditors of the Imprest and Foreign Accounts, and all other Officers and Ministers of our Exchequer now being; and to the Treasurer, or Commissioners of our Treasury, Chancellor, Under-Treasurer, Chamberlains, Barons, Auditors of the Imprest and Foreign Accounts, and all other Officers and Ministers of Us, our Heirs and Successors, of or belonging to the Exchequer, for the Time being; and to the principal Officers and Commissioners of our Navy, and our Commissioners for victualling our laid Navy; and to all others to whom these Prelents do or may appertain; Greeting: Whereas Brook Bridges, Esquire, Auditor of our Imprest and Foreign Accounts, hath, by Direction of you, the Commissioners of our Treasury, prepared, and made up, the State of an Account, which was presented by our Right Trusty and Well-beloved Counsellor Edward Ru/s Esquire, of Provisions by him, or his Order, supplied to our Fleet in the Straits, or Mediterranean Sea, in the Years 1694 and 1695, wherein the said Accountant is charged to have received t>f John Stevenson, one of the Agents for victualling our Fleet at Sea, 3,500l. and for 46,297 Dollars Two Rials, received at AUycard and BarcelUma, at 4 s. 10 each Dollar, 11,188/. 105. od.4; and for 289,898 Dollars Three Rials and Half a Rial, received at Cadiz of William Hodges, and his Partners, at 4 jd. each Dollar,

66,435/. !* l(i- ? and for 16,237 Dollars Six Rials, received of the said William Hodges, and Partners, at 4 8</. each Dollar, 3,788/. 16s. 2 dand for 1,183 Dollars taken out of the Chest at Palamoat 4s. 8 each Dollar, 276/. os. 8d. , and for Primage of 19,181 Dollars, carried up the Straits, at the Rate of one Pound per Cent. 441.15$.; in all, for Monies received by the said Accountant, the Sum of Eighty-five thousand Two hundred Thirty-three Pounds Two Shillings Eleven-pence Halfpenny; of which he craves Allowance for Monies paid Thomas Reynolds, Agent in the Straits, for Short-Allowance and Necessary-money, to be paid the Fleet, the Sum of 20,552/. u.; for 11,402 Pound Weight of Rice, 140/. for 395)363 Pound Weight of Rufk, 3,436/. 8$. 3d.; for 176,576 Pound Weight of Raisins, 1,377/. 8 7 for 396 Bushels Four Gallons of Figiolas, 89/. 4s. 3; for 712,214 Gallons Three Quarts of Wine, 35,610/. 145. 9 d.:for 100,399 Gallons an^ Three Pints of Oil,

13,386/. 11s. 8 d.\for 1,376 Tuns Two Hogsheads of Calk for the Wine and Oil, and for 2,361 Iron Hoops, 3,629/. tos. \od.", for 19,586 Pound Weight of Flour,

179/. ts.8 d.; for 20,867 Gallons of Wine leaked before it was delivered to the Fleet, 10,43/. > for 79 Sacks

for the Figiolas, 4 I. 15$.; for Provisions delivered the Ship Princess Ann, by the Consul at 61. 17

6d; for refitting of Calk at Malaga, Sherries, and other Places, and for Warehouse-Room, 289/. 4 paid Thomas Reynolds, for his Salary as Agent-Victualler in the Straits, 261/. i 8s.' 4 d.In all paid by the Accountant, the Sum of Eighty thousand and Seven Pounds Three -Shillings Ten-pence: And so the said Accountant is indebted to Us in the Sum of 5,225/. 195. ] \d.: And whereas we are well satisfied of the Truth of the said Account; and that it is just and reasonable, the said Edward Russell should have full and plenary Allowance and Discharge of the several Sums of Money before-mentioned to be by him, or his Agents, paid, expended, or craved to be allowed, as aforesaid, although such formal Warrants, Receipts, or other Vouchers, as, by the strict Rules and Course of our Exchequer, are or might be requisite, were not had or obtained, or cannot be' produced, for the said respective Sumsj or lbme of them: Our Will and Pleasure, therefore, is, and We do hereby direct, authorize and command, That you, or such of you to whom it appertains, do cause the aforementioned Account of the said Edward Russell to be made up, declared, and passed, in the due Form and Course of our Exchequer; and him, the said Edward Russell, to be charged with the said Sum of 85,233/. 25. qlrf. by him, or his Agents, received, as aforesaid, and to be fully allowed and discharged, in the said Account of the several Sums by him, or his Agents, paid, issued, expended, or otherwise, as is therein mentioned, craved to be allowed; amounting, in the Whole, to 80,007/. 35. 10 And these our Letters of Privy-Seal, or the Entry or Inrollment thereof, shall be to you, and every of you, and all others herein concerned, a sufficient Warrant and Dif-eharge for all, or whatsoever shall be done or performed, and executed, in pursuance hereof. Given under our Privy-Seal, at our Palace of Westminster, the 19th Day of October, in the Eighth Year of our Reign.

Tho. Watkyns.

Vera Copia, Ex', per Fran. Bythell Cler.

Bro. Bridges, Ar. Aud.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admi- Papers ralty do lay before this House a Copy of the Instructions respeaingtka given by the Lord High Admiral, or Lords Commission- Kavy* ers for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, to the Commissioners of the Navy, or Commissioners for Victualling.

A,

Ordered, That a Copy of the Order of Council, of the 10th of December 1673, relating to Purlers, be laid be-, fore this House.

Ordered, That Copies of all Letters sent by the Lords' Commissioners of the Admiralty to the Commissioners of the Navy, in July last, relating to Poundage, and the Answers to them, be laid before this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the prtvcnting whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Expor- Export of tation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year, was Com, &c. committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next, at Ten a Clock.

Ordered, That the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Distillation Spirits, and Low Wines, from Corn, and to prevent from Core. Frauds in Distillers; be read a Second time upon Satur-' day Morning next.

Ordered, That the several Accounts, Lifts, and Papers, Account* which have been presented to the House, relating to the respect-Navy, and Victualling, be referred to the Consideration "'gd^Navy. of the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Navy.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, State of th* resolved itself into a Committee of the whole lloufe, to Navy' consider of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to invoe, That an Account may be laid before the House, of what Money was in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, upon the Head of Wages, from the Month of January 1697, to the Month of September last.

io W. HI. Io* — 11a Januarii. 393

Money for Ordered, That an Account be laid before "the House, Killigrtw Esqilife was a Prlfoifer, in Execution, in the ?taraens of what Monej' was in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Fleet, for 400l. at the Petitioner's Suit* but the Warden

tv*ge*. Navy, upon the Head of Wages, from the Month of of the Fleet hath fullered Mr. Killigrew to escape; and

January 1697, to the Month of September last; and that the Petitioner hath recovered Judgment against the War-

in the said Account be expressed the particular Times den, for the said Escape; yet can have no Remedy against

when the several Sums w ere paid to him. the Office, for the fame: And praying Rich Relief in the

Mr. Boyle also acquainted the House, That he was di- Premises, as the House shall think fit. ref ted by the said Committee to move, That they-may That the Consideration of the said Petition be

have Leave to fit again. - - referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Goodall is referred, and who- are to inquire into the ill hig next, resolve itself-into a Committee of the whole Practices and Abuses of the-Prisons of the Fleets and

House, to consider further of the State of the Navy. Kings-Bench: And that they do examine the Matter

thereof; and report the fame, - with their Opinion therein. And then the House adjourned till To-moirow to the House. ..... ..

Morning, Eight a Clock. _ Ordered^ That all Goramittees be rivived,

Button

Slaking.

Mercurii, 11* die io* Gulieltni Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R Richard Cocks reported from die Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the making or felling-But- -tons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, and other Stuffs, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at die Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with die Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Hancock, according' to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Game: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Abuses in A Petition of Sir William Duncomb Baronet was' pre-wd8FlMtnCh *®ntec* *he House, and read; fetdng forth, That Henry Prison*. ‘: '

Preservation of Gun*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize Bartholomew Ogilvy And that Sir Henry Ashhurst do prepare, and bring in, the BUI.

A " Bill for the "greater Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Hedges, Sir Rickard Cox,-Sir Ber th. Mr. Har-

ley, Mr. Bridges, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Brother-ton, "Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Walsh, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hey-sham. Sir Sa. Barnardiston, Mr. Harvey, Sir Richard Temple, Sir John Bolless, MV. Osborne, Mr. Mountstecens, Sir Tho.Willoughby, Mr. Hevcningham, Sir Joseph Jekyll, Mr."Vaughan, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hare; and all that serve for Wales, and the Counties of Chester and Northumberland: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the . Speaker's Chambers. -

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of what is due to the Forces that served in the War of Ireland, for the Time they are to be provided for by England: And the feme was read; and Is as followeth; viz.

HORS E.

Lord- Gall way e's Regiment Major-General Leveion's Brigadier Langston's

DRAGOONS.

Colonel Rot's, late Winn's Colonel Echlin's -

Artr ar to the 31st of December 1691.

£. S, d.

8,264 l8 8,612 8

5i

7

Arrear to the iff of April 1692.

jr. s. 2,261 15 2,234 15

1,292 12

d.

8

7i

7i

FOOT.

Major-General Stewart's Regiment

(Sir John Hanmore's

Sir John Jacob's -

Sir Henry Bellafys's

Colonel Webb's -

Colonel Brewer's

Colonel Gustavus Hamilton's -

Colonel Tiffin's - -

Major-General La Melonier's

Lord Lessord's -

Brigadier Belcastle's

6,905 3 3i 4,50 2 14 ioJ

4,706 19 91

6,470 5 6

7,36i 16 4x 7,211 13 5i 6,416 12 —

60,452 12 5

9

Due more to the Three last mentioned French Regiments of Foot, from the lft of May 1692, at which Time, they were called out of Ireland, to the lft of May 1693, when they were put under the Earl of Ranelagh's Care -

There is also due to the Regiment of Colonel Frederick Hamilton, now in Ireland, from! the ill of April 1692, to the lft of May 1693; at which Time they were put under> the Earl of Ranelagh's Care - - -J

Total due to the Regiments now in Ireland, for die Time they are to be provided for by

1,998 9 2{.

1,912 17 3t 2,023 11 104

2,104 17 9*

England

Vol.XIL

13,829 — 2 60,452 12 5

11,561 7 6f

3,349 18 2

1 1 " 1

89,192 18 4t

5 H

Committees.

Ogilvy *s Nat.

Ease of Sheriffs.

Army

Arrears.

Privilege — Arrest of a Member.

394 ii8 Januarii. A. 1698.

Regiments Handing in England, not yet fully cleared, to the Eirft of April 1692, to which Time they were upon the English Establishment, for the Service of Ireland, during the War there;

Arrear to the lft of April 1692.

HORSE.

s.

Royal Regiment Brigadier Lumly's Colonel Windham's Colonel Coy's

2,344 18

1,841 4 1,478 16 1,941 8

d.

2*

6i

6*

9*

DRAGOONS.

Royal Regiment -

Colonel Lloyd's, late Leveson's - r

1,415 1 lx 1,838 — ii

FOOT.

Major-General Trelawny's Colonel Selwyn's

Total due to the Regiments now standing in England, for the Time they were upon the") y Establishment for Ireland - - . - - - - -j

582 — si 1,196 1 5i

12,637 11 4

Regiments broke in England and Ireland, not cleared for the Time they served in Ireland, and were under

English Pay.

Arrear to the 31st of December 1691.

HORSE.

Late Brigadier Woolfly's -

24,039 9

d.

7

FOOT.

Colonel Brudenall's -

Colonel Coot's -

Earl of Droghedah's -

Colonel Mitchelbum's - -

Colonel St. John's - -

Colonel Creighton's -

Company of Miners, to the lft April 1692

There is also due to Colonel Foulk's, late Lillingfton's, Regiment, from the lft April 1692, to the 7th January following; at which Time they went to the West Indies, and were taken care of by Lord Ranelagh ——

Total due to Regiments broke in England and Ireland, for the Time they are to be pro-1 y ▼ided for by England - -

6,476 12 6i 7,333 n iof 4,026 .2 nf 4,238 14 1 4,853 18 3 6,774 19 3i 291 18 io£

58,035 7 6 3,604 14 4

61,640 1 10

An ABSTRACT of the foregoing Arrears.

Total due to the several Regiments now in Ireland, for the Time they are to be provided for by England ——

Total due to the several Regiments now in England, for the Time they served in Ireland

£ & d'

89,192 18 4i 12,637 11 4

Total due to several Regiments lately broke in England and Ireland, for the Time they are to be provided for by England ——

Total due to the Forces that served in the War of Ireland, for the Time they are to bel y provided for by England - -J

January the 1 i th, 1698.

101,830 9 8£ 61,640 1 10

163,470 11 6

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of John Smith Gentleman, Under-Sheriff of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That one Mr. an Attorney, feed

out a Writ against William P Esquire; upon which a Warrant was granted, by the Petitioner's Clerk, with a Caution, to beware that the Defendant was not privileged; yet, within a Week after the DiiTolution of the last Parliament, the Lord William was arrested

upon the said Warrant; who fending for the Petitioner, and complaining that it was a Breach of Privilege, the Petitioner discharged him 3 but the Plaintiffs in the said

Afition have proceeded against the Sheriff, for the Escape of the Lord Powlet: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Petition; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Master and Wardens, and others, of the Company of Brewers, of the Cities of London and Westminster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Price of all manner of Grain is very great, and like to be much greater, by real'on of the distilling great Quantities of Spirits from malted Corn; which Method of Distilling, our Neighbour Nations have thought fit to prohibit; so that the Demand from England

Distillation from Corn*

Ayr? and Calder Navigation.

Spirits exported.

Privilege#

Weobly

Election.

Supply.

I o W. III. 110 Januarii.

395

will be much greater, and consequently advance the Price of Corn, and probably occasion a Scarcity, to the great Detriment of the Kingdom in general, and the Brewing-Trade in particular: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and to prevent the Frauds in Distillers; be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Maltsters, Landlords, and Farmers, in and about the Town of Woo in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are great Quantities of Barley in the said County, which will not make Malt fit for Brewing, and is most proper for Distilling; so that, if Distillers should be prohibited from Distilling from malted Corn, the Petitioners cannot fell their Barley, nor pay their Rents, and their Malt-houses Hand useless; and also, the King's Duty on Malt will be much lessened thereby: And praying, That Distillers may be permitted to dilt.il from Malt, when it shall be under a Price to be ascertained by the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and to prevent the Frauds in Distillers; be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Inhabitants, of the Town and Borough of , in the West-Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Town, and the Town of WakefeUd, are the principal Trading Towns in the

North for Cloth, and are situate upon the Rivers of Ayre and Calder; which have been viewed, and are found

capable to be made navigable; which, ifeffected, will very much redound to the Preservation of the Highways, and a great Improvement of Trade, the Petitioners having no Conveniency of Water-carriage within 16 Miles of them; which not only occasions a great Expence, but, many times, great Damage to their Goods; and sometimes the Roads are unpayable: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to make the said Rivers navigable, at the Charge of such Persons as w ill undertake the fame.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that the Lord Fairfax, and Mr. Brotherton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs d° lay before this House an Account of what Spirits have been exported from the Port of London, since the Act made for distilling low Wines, and Spirits, from Corn; and particularly since Michaelmas last: And that the Commissioners of Excil'e do lay before this House an Account of the Drawbacks by them paid, or allowed, upon the said Exportation.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri" vileges and Elections, relating to the Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against Mr. be made upon

Friday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of IVeobly, be made upon Friday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cmcper, took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Disbanding after the said Report, resolve itself into a Committee of ttie Army, the w hole House, to consider further of the Bill for the speedy and effectual Disbanding the Forces in England and Ireland.

Sir Robert Rich, from the Lords Commissioners of the j?aP®rs re* Admiralty, presented to the House, according to Order, ^vv"8' ' a Copy of the Order of Council, of the 10th of December 1763, relating to Pursers: And also,

A Copy of what Letters past between the Admiralty and Navy-Board, in the Month of 1698, relating to Poundage.

And the Titles of them were read.

The said Copies are as follow; viz.

The Copy of the Order of Council.

At Whitehall, the 10th December 1673.

PRESENT,

The King's most Excellent Majesty in Council.

WHEREAS the Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England did, this Day, offer to his Majesty, in Council, for his Approbation, the annexed Propofols, as w ell for injoining a strict Observation, for the time to come, of the Lord High Admiral's Instructions; remitting, for the time past, the Failures thereof; and for confirming certain Allowances to Persons, to be chosen by the Commanders to assist them in keeping an Account of their Receipts, Issues, and Remains, of Provisions and Stores; as for allowing the Pursers of his Majesty's Ships to supply the Ship's Company with Tobacco, not exceeding Two Pounds per Man a Month, at Rates to be annually set by the Officers of the Navy: Which being read, and considered, at the Board, his Majesty was pleased to approve thereof; and did order,

That the said Lords Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England do cause the said Proposals to be duly and punctually put in Execution, and observed by all those whom it doth respectively concern.

The Copy of a Letter to the Commissioners of the Navy, from Mr. Burchet, Secretary of the Admiralty. Dated the 17th of July 1698.

Gentlemen,

A Petition being referred to my Lords, by his Majesty's Command, in behalf of the Paymaster to the Treasurer of his Majesty s Navy, Mr. setting

forth. That it has been an ancient Usage, and is now practised in the Treasury-Office of his Majesty's Navy, lor the Agents, or Instruments, of the Treasurer of his Majesty's Navy, for the Time being, to stop, and retain to their own Use, Twelve-pence in the Pound, of all Deductions; viz. Slop-Clothes, dead Mens Clothes, Tobacco, Chest, <§fc. abated on the Ships, or Yard-Books,

£$c. except Abatements for Embezzlements, or Loss of his Majesty's Stores, or to make good Victualling, and Money imprest on Account of Wages; and likewise, besides what belongs to the Chest at Chatham, which now allows but 4 d.in the Pound; my Lords command me to signify their Directions to you, That you do let them know, by Four in the Afternoon Tomorrow, or in the Morning, if possible, whether it has been an ancient Usage, in the Navy, to stop 12 c?. in the Pound, in the Particulars before mentioned; and whether the same is now practised. I am, Gentlemen,

Your most humble Servant,

J. Burchett.

Copy

B&railleauY Sic. Nat.

Defective

Titles.

Prizes*

Preventing Export of Corn, See.

396 11° — 12*

Copy of a letter from the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, in Answer to the aforegoing Letter, Dated the 18th of 1698.

Sir,

WE have received your Letter, of Yesterday's Date, acquainting us, That the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty do desire to know, from us, whether, by ancient Usage, the Agents, and Instruments, to the Treasurer of the Navy, have stopt, and retained for their own Use, 12d. in the Pound, of all Deductions for Slop Cloaths, dead Mens Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest, <S,'C. abated on the Ships, and Yard-Books, §c. and whether it is now pra&iled: And, in Answer thereunto, we pray you to acquaint their Lordships, That this Board have no Knowlege either of the one, or the other, more than we have heard without Doors: And that as his Majesty's Order in Council, of the 10th of December 1673, for allowing the Purlers of his Majesty's Ships to issue Tobacco to the Seamen serving the rein, does not mention any such Allowance to be made for the lame; so the Instructions for vending Slop-Cloaths, do, by the i 1 th and 12th Articles, prohibit any other Fees, or Defalcations, either from the Slop, or dead Mens Cloaths, than 12 in the Pound to the Pursers. We are, Sir,

Your very humble Servants,

R. Haddock, E. Dum Cha. Sergefon,

J. Sotheme, P. Pitt, D. Lyddeti. John Hill, B. Tymewell.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Copy of the Order of Council, and Copy of Letters, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jotis, 12* die Januarii;

10 Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

SIR Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for naturalizing Peter Barailleau, and others: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the General Quiet of the Subject, against all Pretence of Concealment whatsoever, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Foley, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Perry, Mr. Lowndes, Sir Robei't Cotton, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Eyre, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Ja. Houblon, Sir Barth. Shower?Mr. Mounlague, Mr. Bro-therton, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Davy, Mr. Wynn, Sir John Bollcs, Sir Edward ting, Mr. Spencer, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Ash, Mr. Clark, Mr. Cook, Mr. Burrard, Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Thurlatul, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Harcourt, Mr.

Hughes, Mr. White; and all the Gentlemen of the l.ong Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That a Memorial of the Commissioners of Prizes, laid before the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, relating to Prizes taken in the Straits, be laid before this House.

Mr. Heveningham, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and Bread, for One Year, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the 15

Januarii. 1698-

feme were once read throughout; and then a Second, time, , one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in* grossed.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Day have Leave to go into Leave of the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Rye Writ, the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Corn-Baron to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Rye, in the room of Sir John Austen Baronet, deceased.

Sir Robert Rich, from the Lords Commissioners of the Victualling Admiralty, according to Order, presented to the House a Instruction*. Copy of the Instruaions to the Commissioners for Vic* tualling.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Instructions are as follow;

BY the Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, Ireland,

Article the Ift.

The feid Commissioners for Victualling are to receive into their Charge, and Possession, all his Majesty's Houses, Brew-houses, Bake-houses, Mills, Granaries, Store-houses, §c. as well at Toweas at Dover, Rochester, Portsmouth, (a) [ PlymouJ, and in Ireland, or elsewhere, which have been usually appropriated for the Service of victualling the King's Navy; together with all Tenements, Grounds, and Profits, to them belonging, or appertaining; and to make use of them, as shall be needful, for the Service of the Victualling, and for the Accommodation of themselves, and their Agents, employed in that Affair: And such of them as they shall not have Occasion so to employ, they are to improve, by Rent or otherwise, as shall be for his Majesty's best Act-vantage; but not to build, alter, or repair, any Part of the feme, without Order from the Lord High Admiral, or Lords of the Admiralty, for the Time being, upon a due Survey and Estimate first had thereof; unless it be done, for the Advantage of the said Houses, at their own Charge.

To receive into their Charge, and Possession, all such Provision of Victuals, Cask, Iron Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, and other Materials and (Jtends for Victualling, as are remaining at any of the Victualling Ports, or in any Victualling Ships, or otherwise, for the Use of the Navy; the feme having been first duly surveyed, and appraised; which they are to make use of in the Service of the Victualling, and to charge themselves therewith upon their Accounts.

m.

To take care, timely and seasonably, to provide all such good, wholesome, and serviceable, Provisions of Victuals, and other Necessaries fitting for victualling the Seamen, Soldiers, and others, which serve in his Majesty's own, or hired, Ships or Vessels in his Service, either at Sea, or in Harbour, in such Proportions, and in such Ports, either in his Majesty's own Dominions, or in foreign Parts, as they shall, from time to time, be directed (b) [by Warrants] from the Lord High Admiral, or the Lords of the Admiralty, for the Time being, or the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy: Which Provisions of Victualling are to be made according as is hereafter expressed; Every Man to have, for his Allowance by the Day, One Pound Avoirdupois of good, clean, Iweet, found, well bolted with a Horse:Cloth, well-baked, and well-conditioned, wheaten Bifeuit; One Gallon, Wine-Measure, of good, whole fume, warrantable, Beer, of such a Standard as that every Guile,

(a) Supplied from the Copy which was presented to the House.

(б) Supplied from the said Copy.

Of

ioW.IIL

li6 Januarh. 397

of Twenty Tons of Iron-bound Beer, shall be brewed with 20 Quarters of very good Malt, as good as generally is to be had at the Place where the said Beer is brewed, and a sufficient Quantity of very good Hops, to keep the same for the Time of its Warranty \ and Eighteen Quarters of the like Malt, with the like Quantity of the like Sort of Hops, to every Guile of Twenty Tons of Wood-bound Beer, to be good, found, whollome, and of sufficient Strength, and fitting for the Use of his Majesty's Ships in petty Warrant Victualling: And if any Complaint shall be made, either of the Sea or Harbour Beer, then the Truth of the Quantity and Quality of the Malt, and Hops, that shall have been used in the said Beer, shall be evidenced by the Oaths of the respective Brewers, or other credible Persons, if the same shall be required: Two Pounds Avoirdupois of Beef, killed, and made up with Salt, in England, of a well-fed Ox, not weighing leis than Five hundred Weight, for what shall be killed for the Sea Victualling in the Port of , and Four

and a Half-hundred in any other of the Ports in England where Victuals shall be provided, for Two of the Four Days following; viz. Sundays, Mondays, and

Thursdays;and for the other Two of those Days, One Pound Avoirdupois of Bacon, or felted English Pork, of a well-fed Hog, not weighing less than Three Quarters of a Hundred Weight, and a Pint of Peas,

Measure, therewith, each of the said Days; and for WedncJ'days, Fridays, and Saevery Man, besides the aforesaid Allowance of Bread and Beer, to have, by the Day, the Eighth Part of a full-sized North-Sea Cod, of 24 Inches long, or a Sixth Part of a Haberdine, 22 Inches long, or a Quarter Part of the same Sort, if but 16 Inches long; provided the Haberuine, that shall be thus spent on his Majesty's Ships, confilt not of more than a Fish of one Size on board any other Ship; or a Pound Avoirdupois of well-saved Poor-John; together with Two Ounces of Butter, and Four Ounces of Suffolk ' Cheese, or Two-thirds of that Weight of but

they shall deliver clean, well-dressed, Oatmeal, in lieu of a sized Fish, at the Rate of One Gallon of Oatmeal for a sized Fish, where the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy shall direct their (o doing. This Method, in Victualling, to be always duly observed, as well in Harbour as at Sea; only, there is to be this Difference between Harbour and Sea Victuals, that the Bread and Beef to be spent in Harbour, be delivered, the former in Loaves, and the latter fresh, with Salt to corn it: But if his Majesty shall order any Ship, or Vessel, to the Southward of the Latitude of 39 Degrees North Latitude, each Man is to be victualled, in lieu of a Pound of Biscuit, with a Pound of Rulk of equal Fineness; in lieu of a Gallon of Beer, a Wine Quart of Beverage-Wine; and to Ships going to Guinea, or the East or West Indies, in lieu of a Gallon of Beer, Half a Wine-Pint of Brandy, for Half the Proportion, at least, of Drink they shall be ordered to take in; in lieu of a Piece of Beef, or Pork with Peas, Three Pounds of Flour, and a Pound of Raisins, not worse than Malaga; or, in lieu of Raisins, Half a Pound of Currans, or Half a Pound of Beef-Suet, pickled; in lieu of a sized Fish, Four Pounds of Milan Rice, or Two Stock-fifties, of, at lealt, 16 Inches long each; in lieu of a Pound of Butter, or Two Pounds of Suffolk Cheese, a Wine-Pint of Sweet Olive-Oil; to be put on board, at all times, in such particular Species afore-mentioned, and in such Proportions, and no otherwise than as the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy shall give Directions at the time of their fending their Warrants for victualling the said Ships.

They are to take particular Care, that all the said Provisions afore mentioned shall be issued, and delivered, in such Sort, Order, and Manner, and in such good, found, wholsome, and well-saved Victuals, as that it shall continue fit, in all respects, for his Majesty's Service, during the Space of Six Months, from the time of its being received on board: namely, for all that shall be declared to be spent on this Side the Canary Islands, or Latitudeof27 Vet. XIL

Degrees North Latitude; and Twelve Months, for what victualling shall be issued to be spent to the Southward of that Place, Infiru&iou*. or Latitude: And in case any Provisions shall prove defective within the aforesaid Time, or Beer leaked out by the Badnels of the Calk, and not through any ill Stowage, or Neglect of the Officers or Seamen on board, they are, upon the Purler's producing a regular Survey thereof, according to the Custom of the Navy, to issue the like Quantity of good Provisions to him, in the room of it, or to give him a Receipt for the fame, for his Discharge:

Which defective Provisions they are to dispose of, by Sale or otherwise, to his Majesty's bell Advantage, and to charge themselves therewith upon their Accounts.

V.

They are to pay unto the Pursers of all such Ships aid they shall be ordered to victual, towards the providing of Necessaries, such as WTood, Candles, Dishes, Cans,

Lanterns, Spoons, and other Necessaries usually provided by the Pursers of his Majesty's Ships, under the Title of Necessaries, Nine-pence for every Man per Menfem, in each Ship bearing Sixty Men and under, and Six-pence in every Ship carrying above Sixty Men, and 2 s. for every Ship, for Loading-Charges, by the Month; together with the accustomary Allowance for Drawage, being 4 d. per Ton, for every Ton of Beer the Purler indents for; and to all Ships carrying above Sixty Men,

Ten (Croats per Menfem, for Adz-money; viz. for lb long time as the Ship shall be victualled for Sea-Service; and also, for the ordinary Men, and extraordinary Men, in Harbour, after the Rate of 12 d.per Man a Month; and, further, they are to pay unto the Purser, after the Rate of 8 d. lor every Man per Menfem, for Sea-Service j being lb much allowed them for extra-necessary Money: All which several Sums are to be paid to the Purlers immediately before the Signing of their Indents for Sea, ojr Warrants for Harbour-Victuals.

VI.

The Beverage-Wine, to be fumished to Ships upon foreign Voyages, as above, to be good, found Wine, not Vinegar; and of such Strength, as it shall be able to preserve the Water from stinking, when Three times the Quantity of the Wine shall be added to it in Water.

VIL

They are also to allow each Ship they shall be ordered to victual for the Sea, Four Hogsheads, with Eight Iron Hoops on each; the said Hoops to be hammered Hoops, of good Substance, and well wrought; or milled Hoops, where they shall think them sufficient for his Majesty's Service, for Water-Calk; with One Bundle of wooden Hoops, and another of Flags; for every One hundred Men, a Month; and lb proportionably fora greater or lefferNumber of Men; and such further Quantity of Water-Calk for foreign Voyages, as the Ships can conveniently stow, or shall be thought necessary.

VIII.

That the Warrants by which the said Commissioners are, from time to time, to issue the aforesaid Provisions for the Use of his Majesty's Ships, are to be as follows; viz. for all Victuals to be (pent at Sea, the Warrant of the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, for the time being, or of Three or more of the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, or of a Commander in Chief of a Fleet or Squadron, or of the particular Commander of any Ship, in Cafes only not admitting of the Time requisite for the procuring any of those before recited; as also, the Demands of the Pursers of any of his Majesty's Ships, tendering to the said Commissioners, or their Agents, a Receipt under the Hand of any other Purler, to whom he had, by Order of his Commander, delivered Supplies at Sea; which Receipt and Order is to be taken up by the said Commissioners, and shall be a sufficient Warrant unto them for issuing the Value thereof unto the Purler that did supply the fame; and for Victuals to be spent in Harbour for the Extra, the Warrant of the Commander of the Ship, and Clerk of the Cheque of the Port where the same is to be issued; and for what shall be (pent

1 ®

i z° Janua.

A. 169ft

Viauailing >n Harbour, by the Ordinary, tije Warrant of the Clerk InstructioM. of the Cheque, and Mailer-Attendant where any is: And, in the Execution of every of the said Warrants, the said Commissioners are to cause to be delivered, on board the Ships, the full Contents of the said Warrants, in Kind, unless the Commanders and Mailers shall, under their Hands, certify, to the said Commissioners, the Incapacity of their Ships to receive the same; in which Cafe, and that only, the said Commissioners are to make good the Remainder thereof, by such Credits as will he readily answered unto them on behalf of his Majesty, at the very next Victualling Port where the same shall be demanded, unless the Ships victualled be ordered on foreign Voyages; in which same alone the Purler shall receive from the said Commissioners, ready Money for so much of the said Victualling, and at such Rates, and in such Manner, as they belt can, for his Majesty's Service, without leflemng the Proportions, or Goodness, of the Victuals allowed by his Majesty to the Seamen serving in his Ships; and that a distinct Account shall be, from time to time, kept by the said Commissioners for Victualling, of all Credits by them so issued, and of the Time and Place of answering the same; to the end that, upon passing their Accounts, they may be able to lhtisfy the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, that the said Credits have been by them effectually made good: All which Victuals, as well for Harbour as for Sea, the said Commissioners for Victualling are to take care be delivered, on board his Majesty's Ships, to the respective Purlers thereof, without any Charge to the said Purlers for Lighterage, Portage, or otherwise, and without their coming, or Attendance, for it; so as that each Purler shall have his Warrant, or Demand, supplied at the Chip's Side, within 24 Hours for Harbour-Victuals, and 48 Hours for Sea-Provisions, or as loon as possible it can be done; and that the Masters of the Hoys, Lighters, or other Vessels, by whom the said Provisions shall be lent on board his Majesty's Ships, shall deliver the femeinto the Slings and Tackles of the Ships on board which the same is to be put; and they are, from time to time, to inform themselves of the State of each Ship's Victualling, to enable them the better, and sooner, to comply with such Orders as they shall receive on that behalf.

IX.

They are allb to cause to be delivered, in Iron-bound Calk, hooped with Iron Hoops of good Substance, hammered, and well-wrought Iron, as aforesaid, One complete Moiety of the Proportion of Beer, ordered to each Ship deligned for the Chanel, or any other Voyage than for Guinea, or the East or West Indies; and for any Ship designed for Guinea, or the East or , Three-fourths of their Proportion of Beer is to be put in Iron-bound Calk, hooped with Iron Hoops of good Substance, and well-wrought Iron, as above.

X*

The Indents to be taken by the said Commissioners, of the Purlers, for Victuals which they shall issue to them, shall be made in the same Form and Manner, as was directed in the Contract with the late Contractors for victualling the Navy; which Indents shall be dated in Words at Length, and not in Figures, by the Hands of the Pursers who are to lign them, before their Signing thereof; and the Proviflqns which are therein mentioned to be upon Credit, shall be repeated at the Bottom, or on the Backside, of the said Indents, and attested by the Person signing the said Indents; [a] [likewise the true Species delivered, and the Quantities of each, are to beex-pressed in the said Indents]; and not one thing for another,. 43 hath been too often practised: And, moreover, the said Commissioners are to demand One or more Duplicates of the said Indents, or Receipts, signed by the Pursers at the time of their Indenting, and to fend the same to the Comptroller of the Victualling; within Seven Daya after its Date, for what shall be delivered at the Port of Eondon, Hantick, Dover, and; and Three

Days after their receiving any from remote Ports; taking

care to quicken their Agents in fending them up, as there shall be Occasion by any Delay therein.

XL

And in case any of his Majesty's Ships shall return from Sea, to be laid up, having any Provisions of Victuals remaining on board, the said Commissioners fliell immediately, upon Notice given to them by the Pursers of the said Ships, fend Hoys, Lighters, and other fitting Vessels, to fetch away the same; together with the Calks, Iron-Hoops, and Biscuit-Bags; and cause the Hoynian,. Lighterman, or Masters of the Vessels, that received the said Victuals, Calk, Iron Hoops, and Biscuit-Bags, to take an exact Account of the lame, and to give the Purser, or his Instrument, a Receipt for what he shall receive on board him, before his failing away, or be debarred his Freight till the same be adjusted, and he produceth a Certificate of what the Purser charged him with; which Certificate the Purler is obliged to deliver to the said Hoyman, Lighterman, 8$c. at the Time of his Loading; for which Victuals, Calks, Staves, Iron Hoops, and Biscuit-Bags, so returned, the said Commissioners are to give a Receipt, as well to the said Pursers, as to transmit, without fail, to the Comptroller of the Victualling, within 20 Days after the laying up of each Ship, a Duplicate of the said Receipt, together with the frill Charge upon the Purser, and an exact State of the Account, between themselves and him, for Calks, Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, §c.; all which Provisions, Calk, Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, fyc. so returned, shall be disposed of, by the Commissioners, to his Majesty's bell Advantage; such Part thereof as, upon due Survey made of the lame, shall be. found found, sweet, wholsome, and fitting for his Majesty's Service, to be issued again, either for Sea or Harbour Victualling, for which the feme shall' be found most proper; and the Remainder thereof, uhicfo shall be found defective, to be sold at the bed Rate that? may be procured for the same: And, for the Prevention of any Disputes, touching the Number of Staves of which each Sort of Calk shall be reputed to consist, in their Returns which his Majesty's Pursers are obliged to make thereof, it is hereby declared, That each of the Butts lb to be returned^ if Ihaken, shall consist of [«] [no lei's than]' 26 Staves, and every Puncheon 22 Staves, and every Hogsbead 20 Staves, and every Barrel 17 Staves, the Heading included, whereof Two Pieces of each to be accounted a Stave, always accounting each Stave above Inches long for a Butt Stave; each Stave of .38 Inches long, if the same be of old Stuff, to be reckoned for a Puncheon Stave; and the like for every Stave between 3& and Inches long; and each Stave above 32 Inches long to 38, including also the 38 Inches if it be a new Stave, to be reckoned for a Hogshead; and each Stave under 32 Indies long, as low as 28 Inches, to be reckoned as a Barrel Stave.

XII.

That the said Commissioners are also to take care to pay ail Bills of Exchange which shall be drawn by the Commanders, and Pursers, for Victuals provided for any of his Majesty's Ships abroad, in Ports where no Victuals shall have been ordered to be provided, when the Necef-lity of his Majesty's Service shall require the taking up Victuals in the said Ports; as also, that they defray the Charge of the Freight of all such Provisions as shall, at any time, be ordered to attend his Majesty's Fleet, or to be sent to any of his Majesty's Ships abroad, or at home and to provide such Water-Ships, for the Service of the said Fleets, as shall be directed to be taken up; and to pay such Bills as Audi be made out, and assigned upon them, by the Navy-Board, for the Balance of any Victualling Accounts; and satisfy all other Expences whatsoever, relating to the victualling the Navy; that so the' whole Charge thereof may appear in that Office.

XIII.

They are to take care that no Beer be iflued1 for victualling his Majesty's Ships in any Port where a sworn-Gauger is to be had, in other Calk than what shall, by

' [a) Supplied from the said Copy.

[a] Supplied fropi the said Copy.

io'W. III. ii janmriu 390

. r

such (Worn Gauger, have its Contents in Gallons, Win-Chester Measure, marked on the Head of it; and that all other Calk of Provisions have the Contents of the Provisions in each Cask, marked on the Head thereof by some Person that can, if there shall be Ocoafion, testify, upon Oath, that there is, in the said Calk, the Quantity marked by him on the Head thereof: They tire also to take care, that the Beef, and Pork, which they shall, at any time, victual his Majesty's Ships with, shall always hold at such Weight, as that every 28 Pieces of Beef, cut for Four Pound Pieces, took out of the Calk as they rife, and -the Salt shaken otifit, shall weigh One hundred Pound, net Avoirdupois Weight; and every 56 Pieces of Bacon, or salted Pork, cut for Two Pound Pieces, and took out of its Calk, and shaken as In the Beef, shall weigh One hundred and Four Pounds, net Avoirdupois: After which Method, upon weighing a whole Calk of the said Beef, or Pork, in the Presence of Two or more of the Warrant-Officers of the said Ship, the Certificate of the said Officers, such as they shall be ready to make Oath to, shall, in case of Shortness of Weight, not only impowerthe Purler to make Allowance, to the Seamen, in Money, or Victuals, at the next Victual ling-Port, for such Shortness, but oblige the said Commissioners, their Deputies, Mi-nifiers, and Agents, to make present Satisfaction, to the Purler, without Delay, in the next Victualling-Port . where it shall be demanded.

XIV.

They are to take care, that no Beef provided, and put on board his Majesty's Ships, Ilia 11 be delivered in Pieces of any other Weight than of Four Pounds; nor of Pork, than of Two Pounds; of Avoirdupois Weight in eadh Piece; and that, at no time, there shall be any unulu^l Pieces put up with the other Flesh, or apart for the Use of the Ships Companies; such as Leg-Bones, Shins of Oxen, or the Cheeks of Hogs, or Ox Hearts, Qt-

XV.

The laid Commissioners may, if they find it for his Majesty's Service, issue to the Seamen serving on board his Majesty's Ships in ordinary, Three Pounds of Beef, in lieu of Two Pounds of Pork, for the Months of May, June, July^ and August.

XVI.

The laid Commissioners, or any of them, nor any other Person or Persons on their or any of their behalf, either direfctly or indirectly, are not, any manner of way, to be interested or concerned in Selling of Victuals, or any other Stores, Necessaries, or Utensils whatsoever, for the Service of the Victualling, or in any Benefit or Advantage which may arise thereby, as they will answer the contrary.

They are to manage the Service for the belt Advantage of his Majesty, in all Particulars thereof, according to their belt Skill, Judgment, and Discretion; and to hand accountable to his Majesty, as well for the providing of good, found, and wholsome, Provisions, for the Health and Satisfaction of the Seamen serving in his Majesty's Ships and Fleet j as that the whole Service shall be managed with all possible Frugality and good Husbandry, on his Majesty's behalf.

XVIII.

And to the end the Comptroller of his Majesty's Victualling-Accounts, residing at the Navy-Office, may, at all times, be enabled to give unto the Lord High Admiral, or Commissioners of the Admiralty, and the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy; for the Time being, a true and perfect State of all Matters relating to the Business of his Majesty's Victualling, both as to the Receipts and Issues of his Majesty's Treasure, supplied for that' Service; the State of their Magazines of Provisions, bought, issued, and remaining, with the Quality of the fame; and the good or ill Managements exercised in the frugal dispensing of his Majesty s Treasure,

' and regular answering his Majesty's Service; they are to send to the aforesaid Comptroller, and to the Comptroller of the Victualling-Accounts, for the Time being, the rC-. Vo l. XII.

spective Accounts following, weekly and monthly, as is Victnallinfc hereafter expressed in each Article; , Instruction*.

lft, A Duplicate of the Accounts and Survey of the Victualling-Stores, and Utensils of dll Kinds, remaining at each of his Majesty's Victualling Ports, and Store-houses, ^xvapd taken' into their Possessiop, according to what ts directed in the Second Article of tfiefe instructions. '

2dly, They are to cause to be prepared, and prefenfod to the said Comptroller, by the Cashier for receiving and paying all Monies relating to the Victuallings a weekly Account of all his Receipts and Paypieiitsjpf Monies, in the same Manner and Form as yas dope by the Cashier in the Time of the former Commissioners; mentioning, against each Bili, the pprticplpr Fund out of which it, rfas assigned, and paid.

3dly, A monthly Account of what Provisions, apd Stores, of any Kind, shall be bQuglit by them, and received into any of his Majesty's Victualling-Stores; expressing, in distinct Columns, the Time when, by whom, and Place where received, tlje Quality and Quantity of Provisions bought, with the Rate and Value paid, or to be paid, for the fame.

4thly, Duplicates of all Indents for Sea, Harbour, and Extra petty Warrant, Victuals; anti for broken Proportions and Supplies of Victuals; issued out tp aipy of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels, according to the loth Article of these instructions.

5thly, To cause, at the End of each Month, an Account to be taken of the Quantity and Quality of-' the Victualling-Stores, of all Kinds, that shall he there remaining in each Victualling-Port; and a Duplicate thereof to be sent to the aforesaid Comptroller, monthly, as hath been usual.

6thly, A monthly Account of all Provisions, Calk,

Hoops, Bags, <vc. that shall be returned into any of his Majesty's Stores, whether decayed or otherwise, from any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, expressing therein the Time when, from whence, and to wh*t Place, together with the Quantity and Quality of the Stores so received.

7thly, A monthly Account of all Monies payable to the Treasurer of the Navy, or his Cashier, on his Majesty's Victualling-Account, for decayed Provisions, or other Provisions fold, apd for Tallow,

Hides, Offal, Bran, Small-coals, Grains, Rent of any of his Majesty's Houses, Wharfs, $c.; and th^t so it may be examined whether his Majesty hajeh Right done him by the Cashier, in making a due Charge thereof on his Accounts.

XIX.

And for preserving his Majesty's Credit for the fyturf,

by preventing all undue Preferences in Payments, in tl»e Victualling-Office; as is done in the Navy-Office, and so know' the true Debts due to the last oi this Month, they are to cause Bills to be made out, and signpd by Three pr more of them, for all Monies that is, or' shall be, due so any Person or Persons, upon the 31st Instant, for, any Kind or Sort of Victuals, Stores, Utensils, Wages, Salaries, or other Disbursehients and Payments whatsoever*; and those, and all other Bills that shall be remaining uii-parid at that time, duly to'number, and enter in Course into a Book to be kept for that Purpose, under the 6 Columns' fallowing; viz.

lft, Number against each Person'sNanie. . ad, The Persons Names.

3d, Species of Provisions, or Service.-4th, The Quantity.

5th, Rate and Quality.

6th, Total Value of each Bill.

Entering the eldest First with N° 1, and so successively, *,

3,4, and according to the respective Times the Money on the said Bills shall, by their Dates, appear to be due:

Which Bills being fp made out, numbered, and entered, they are to cause a- Duplicate thereof, with a Particular of

the

400

12° Januarii.

A. 1698.

Victualling the Imprest-money that shall be then (landing out instruOioju. against, and uncleared by, any Person, to be transmitted to the aforesaid Comptroller: And, from that time forward, they are to continue entering, and numbering,

' in the same Book, all such Bills as shall be made out to any Person or Persons, for Monies due to them from the said Office, to be assigned upon the Treasurer of the Navy for Payment in Course, according to their respective Numbers, out of such Monies or Funds as shall, from time to time, be appointed for the Service of the Victualling; Monies payable to any Persons by the way of Bills of Imprest, or Exchange, upon extraordinary Occasions, being to be excepted; the Payment of such Bills, out of Course, being not to be reckoned any Breach of the Courfo: But this Method is not to be used but where his Majesty's Service indispensably requires it

And, in order to the comilpt to a true Knowlege what each Man's Victuals will (land (a) his Majesty in a Day, they are to take a general Survey at the end of each Year;

viz.In the Month of Dec; of all the Provisions, and

Utensils, that shall be remaining in each Victualling-Port; and, by or before the End of March next following, to cause to be prepared, and presented unto the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, an Account, signed by themselves, of the Victualling for the preceding Year; making the said Account Debtor, as well to the Value of the said Survey, as for what Provisions shall be returned from any of his Majesty's Ships, or Vessels, and for such Monies as shall have been received for the Service of the Victualling in that Year, either from the Exchequer, or for Victuals, Stores, Tallow, Hides, Offal, Bran, Small-coals, Grains, by them fold, and remaining at any of the King's Houses, or Wharfs, &?c.: and also for the Debts of the Victualling, then in Arrear; and per contra Creditor, for all Victuals issued in that Year, and the like for all the Remains in his Majesty s respective Victualling-Stores; which being cast into Money, it will thereby appear at what Rate the Men forving in his Majesty's Navy have been victualled: Which said Accounts, being comptrolled, examined, and passed, by the said principal Officers and Commissioners, are to remain in the Office of the Comptroller of the Victualling.

And lastly, Whereas, at the putting of the Victualling of his Majesty's Navy into a Commission, and settling Instructions for the fame, it was ordered. That the Treasurer of the Navy should issue all such Monies as should come to his Hands, for the Service of the Victualling, upon Bills to be signed, and assigned, by any Three of them, in the same manner as be issues the other Monies which he receives for his Majesty's naval Services, upon Bills upon the Navy-Board; and that the Cashier for the Victualling should be the Treasurer's Instrument, and one for whom be will be responsible; the said Commissioners of the Victualling are to take Notice thereof; as also, that the said Cashier is, for the future, to keep his Office in the Treasury-Office at , and

make all his Payments there, by the said Bills, and not ehewhere.

WHEREAS this Board have thought fitting to appoint the foregoing Instructions for your better Government, in managing the Business committed to your Care, as Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy; you are therefore hereby required, and direaed, duly and carefully to observe the said Instructions, in your Management of that Affair, accordingly; for which this shall be your Warrant Dated at the Admiralty-Office, this 4th August 1697.

To the Commissioners for victualling his Majesty's Navy.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Instructions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy.

(a) " Him," in the Journal: The Words " his Majesty an substituUd, inilead thereof, from the said Copy.

Mr. Clark, from the Commissioners of Excise, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Drawbacks paid, and allowed, by the Commissioners of Excise, for Spirits, exported from London, which were drawn from Corn, since the ACk made for Distilling Low Wines, and Spirits, from Corn.

And the Title was read.

The said Account is as followeth; viz.

From the 24th of December

1690, to the 24th of June

1691, being half a Year.

Gallons

ofSpirits.

Nil.

Year ended the

1692

1693

1694

1695 »996 1697

1698

' Nil.

From 24th June 1698, to!

29 September following -/ From said 29 September to|

11 January following

Total -

The Amount in Money.

£. d. 28 6 6 66 18 40 4

52 7

86 9

24 14

2b 5 —

136 8

461 14 3

Excise-Office, London, Robert Colbatch, Accountant

12 January 1698. for the London Distillery.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table until the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Cora; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; be read a Second time.

Mr. Cotvper, according to Order, reported from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for the speedy paying, and disbanding, the Army intended to be disbanded; and for other necessary Occasions.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That, towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds be granted to his Majesty, for the (peedy paying, and disbanding, the Army intended to be di(-banded; and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House, a Memorial, by the principal Commissioners for Prizes, for Consul IVefcomb to come and adjust his Accounts:

And a Presentment to the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury, for Two Agents for Prizes at , in the room of Martin IVefcomb Esquire; with a Repreiea-tation of his irregular Proceedings.

And the Titles of them were read.

The said Memorial, and Presentment, are as follow j viz.

The Memorial.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of

his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

WE having, in our Presentment of the Month of June last, laid before your Lordships an Account of the irregular Proceedings of Consul our Agent at

15 Cadizl

Drawback on Spirits exported.

Suppljv.

Prize*

JO W. III.

12° Januarii.

Cadiz in relation to Prizes carried into that Port; and there being great Sums of Money in his Hands, for which he Hands accountable; and we being now preparing our general Accounts, which, in a shorttime, we shall lay before your Lordships; we beg Leave to remind you of the said Presentment; and humbly submit it to your Lordships Consideration what is fit to be done therein.

Roger Langley,

Prize-Office, Y Robert Murray.

28 May 1698./ Edward

John Paschal.

The Presentment;

p; o no; i To the Right Honourable the

j Sf' I Lords Commissioners of his Ma-.9 June 169;./ jesty,s Treasury

By the principal Commissioners for Prizes.

WE having, some time since, represented to your Lordships several irregular Proceedings committed by Martin IVcfcomb Esquire, our present Agent for Prizes at Cadiz', whereby his Majesty's Affairs, in relation thereunto, have been very much prejudiced; and Mr. Robert Cholmley and Richard Ennis, Merchants, having been recommended

unto us to be faithful and able Persons to serve his Majesty in the Affairs of Prizes in the said Port; we do humbly present the said Robert Chomley and Richard , for your Lordships Approbation, to be constituted, by us, Agent for Prizes in the said Port of Cadiz, and the Districts thereof, in the room and place of the said Martin JVef-comb; to be rewarded according to the Merit-of his Services, without any funding Salary.

Roger,

Michael Cole,

John Paschal.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury.

May it please your Lordships,

WHILE the Navy Royal was in the Mediterranean, many rich Prizes came under the Care of Consul IVef-comb, our Agent at Cadiz-, who acting contrary to our Instructions, and the Act for the Encouragement of Privateers, we immediately cautioned him to correct his Actions, and conform himself, as he ought, to the Rules and Directions of that Act: But he not regarding our Admonition, we, with your Lordships Approbation, constituted Christopher Kerby Esquire a joint Agent with him, in that Port; who, finding the Consul positively resolved, neither to join, assist, or inform him how Business, relating to Prizes, had been managed in that Port, he declined his Commission: And we continued to observe, how the Consul governed himself, as our foie Agent in that Port: And we find, that having no Regard to the Privateer Act, but, without Condemnation, or such Proceedings as are required, he fells on Ship-board (a Place most fit for such Accounts as he hath sent us); whereby, Collusion and Combination is highly suspected; and wherein, our Accountant-General observes, he hath sold at a strange Under-value; with several Particulars of like Nature, that are not to be passed over without a strict Examination; which will require the Conlul's personal Presence: And, my Lords, it befog of so great Concern, not only to his Majesty, but to all the Appropriators interested, by the Privateer Act, in the Sale and Proceed of all Prizes, we most humbly pray, That Consul JVef-comb, our Agent at Cadiz, may. be immediately ordered to bring over all his Books and Vouchers relating to Prizes: that his Account, from the Beginning of his . Agency, which yet stands open, may be fully examined, adjusted and cleared; himself discharged: and we justified to have executed our Trull with all Eidelity and Duty.

Prize-Office, 19 June 1697.

My Lords,

THE above is a Copy of our Presentment to your Lordships at Michaelmas foil: Since which, we find the Vot. XIL

401

laid Consul hath not only continued his usual Course of Irregularities, but hath refused to give the Merchants any Account of the Cargoes of the Prizes, nor Time of Sale; and assumed to himself to charge 300 Salary,

notwithstanding hisDeputation is but for a quantum meruit: He hath never made any Appraisements; and when, by our Order, he was directed to admit Mr. Ennis, ana Two more, to be joined with him in the Appraisement of the Bon-Jesus, he refused to obey our Order; and her Cargo, as we are informed, was clandestinely sold to one Lindo, a Broker; with whom he, and other Adherents of his, are jointly concerned: We have also annexed some further Particulars; and submit all to your Lordships Consideration.

Roger Langley, Mich. Cole,

John Paschal.

An Abstract how Consul JVefcomb has abused and wronged his Majesty, as Agent to the Prize-Office

at Cadiz.

HE has, from the Beginning of his Agency, used his utmost Endeavours to conceal from the Merchants at Cadiz, and all others, the Quantity and Value of all Ships and Cargoes brought in there by Men of War, or any other Ships.

There has been several of the Merchants there with him, from time to time, who have desired him to let them have a particular Account of all Prizes and Cargoes, as they came in; and that he would appraise, and fell them fairly, by Inch of Candle, according as the Act of Parliament directs: such Order and Direction, as they did believe, being given him by the Commissioners for Prizes, in pursuance of the said Act.

He doth not account to the Commissioners of Prizes for 2,000l. for the said Ship and Cargoes; though she was afterwards fold, by the aforesaid Lindaw, for above 10,000l.; on board whereof, particularly was One Parcel of Prunelloes, qt. 28 Cafes; for which he accounted to the Prize-Commissioners 70/. whenas the said Consul TVefcomb fold but 25 of the said Cafes for 3.50/.; as is here upon Proof, before their Lordships of the Treasury: And it might be made plainly appear, if there were a Commission sent out of the High Court of Admiralty, to make Examinations there, that he has fold and disposed of all such Ships or Cargoes which have been brought so there since this War, at that Rate.

Besides, he fold Coffee for 2 Rs. per lb. which is but about 13 d.when it was worth, in England, at least 8$.; and Indigo for 4 Rs. which is but about 2s. 2d. per lb. which we then fold for upwards of 7 per lb. and the Buyer to pay the Duty: And we may reasonably judge he fold the Remainder of what Goods came to his Hands, which was very considerable, after the same Rate.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Memorial, and Presentment, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Resolved, That whoever shall advance or lend a Sum of Money, not exceeding the Sum of Eight hundred thousand Pounds, for the disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, shall be repaid out of the First Aids to be granted this Session of Parliament.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual disbanding the Land Forces in England and Ireland is committed, have Power to receive a Clause, pursuant to the said Refutation; and also to consider what Interest shall be allowed for the said Money.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-fblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

5 K consider

Resolutions to encourage a Loan for disbanding the Army.

Sapprefling Vice and Immorality.

402

pointer of the Bill for the roarb effectual Suppression of

Vice and Inimoiahty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair:

Sir John Philips took the Chair of the Committeei Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair;

Sir John Philips reported from the said Cdrtmhittfefe, Thai they had made 1'oine Pidgress la the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itfetf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Light a Clock.

1^8.

Monday next, at Fife a Clock id the Aftefnoori, ib (Be

Speaker's Chafnbers: ';

Sir ffalttr Young, from the? tommififioher^ of . the

Custorris, according to Order, presented to the Hotffe an Account of the Exportation froth London and Out-Ports to Ireland, from Michaelmas 1696 to Michaelmas 1697. And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as followeth,

English Spirits. Gallons.

London ----- - 7,026

Out Ports - - - - 4,836

From Michaelmas 97, to Michaelmas 98.

London - - - 14,241

From Michaelmas 1697 to Ladu-day 1698. Out-Ports - -- - 51

120 — 130

Veneris13* die Januarii;

10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

Tone AP ETITI ON of divers Inhabitants of the Town

1 avig&tion. and Parish of Win the County of

fel, was presented to the House, and read; letting Ibrtli, That the making the River Tone navigable, from -tiw ter to Taunton, will, by reason of the cheap Caniage

df Sea-coal, and other heavy Commodities, be a great Benefit to Trade, and the Poor of Helling ton: And praying, That all Encouragement may be given to the 1 ill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Total 26,154

Ordered, That the Cdrifkleration of the f.tid Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House to whom life Bill to encourage the Woollen ManulaQure in England; ami to restrain the Exportation of Woollen

Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland ;is committed.

Sir Roxdand Gzn/n, according to Order, reported, from privilege,

the Committee of Privileges and Ideations, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching, the Complaint of the Breach of Privilege against Richard laston Esquire, a Member of this iloule, and the Ilefo-lutions of the Committee thereupon; which he re.id in his Piacc; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Wlieie the same were read; and are as follow;

Treasury Ordered, That (he Lords Commissioners of the Trfea-Receipts and fl)ry dp lay before this House an Account of the Receipts ue8‘ and lllues of all Montes lor the Year 1698.

Marshal^ Ordered, That Mr. Seviar be heard, by his Counfch Bench8* as to Interest in the Prison of the King's-Bench, before the Committee to whom it is relerred to inquire into the ill Praffices, and Abuses, of the Prisons of the Fleet and King's-Bench.

Farewell's A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Nat. Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Elizabeth Farewell: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

1 '

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Button An ingrossed Bill to prevent the making or felling But-

making. tons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, and other Stuffs, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the making of felling Buttons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cocks do carry the Bill fa the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

, . , A Bill for the more effectual Preservation of the Odme

rrelerv&tion . 0

of Game. was reac* a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hancock, Mr. Duke, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir Row. Gwyn, Sir John Philips, Sir Phil.Boteler, Sir Tho. , Mr. Eyre, Sir Echo. Ayfcoghe, Sir Just. Isham, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Smith, Mr. Yates, Mr. Jervois, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Kimston Sir Edw. Hufsey, Mr. LakC^ Sir John Bolles,.Lord Coningsby, Mr. Hughes, Lord Pair-

fax. Sir Jac. Ashley; Sir Sam. Sir Robert

Clayton, Mr . Phillips, Lord Mr. Lowther, Mr. Carter, Mr. Vaugham: And they are to meet on

24

Upon the Complaint of Mr. Wodlaston, fur a Breach of Privilege committed against him, by Robert -Jon Esquire, Mr. Robiufon, and others:

That Mr. Woollaston?Counsel dil'claimed any Right or Title to WoodhaUPark and House, the Estate of the Pe-

titioner, Mr. Boteler-, and infilled only upon Potfelfion, fa as to make it a Breach of Privilege; which gave Satisfaction to Mr. Bolder s Count! 1:

But Mr. Woollaston' s Counsel further insisted. That Mr.

Thompfbn, in October 1697, had lett to Mr. !Tool, <t\ ton Woodhall Park and House, in the County of Hertford-, and that Mr. Wool last on continued in Possession, from the said October to July following; upon the 5th or 6th Day of which Month, Mr. Thompson and Mr. Robinson entered into Woodhall House and Park, and put Mr. Woollaston

out of Pofiession, during the Sitting of the Parliament, and his attending the Service of the House:

That, as to the Agreement between Mr. Thompson and Mr. Woollaston-, they said, the Matter was transacted between themselves, without witnesses; and ib could only be proved by Circumstances.

And, as to Mr. Woollaston!?, Pofiession; they called Robert Bradjhccw: Who said, That the First time Mr. Woollaston Went to Woodhall was in October was Twelve Months; and that Mf. Woollaston (a) [continued] in Pofiession till July following, without any Disturb nee; during which time, he liad been several times lent by Mr. Woottsstbiti to Crane the Keeper, with Orders about managing that Estate:

That he went very often to Mr. Thompson, to meet Mr. Woollaston about a Lease; and Mr. Thompson said. It would be ready in a little rime j that what Goods Mr. Woollaston had Occasion for, he should have; and the others might remain, till he had an Opportunity of re-thoving the m: And that Mr. Thompson said, That he had lett the Park and House to Mr. Woollaston: That Mr. Woollaston waB in Pofiession, and had Power (0 dispose of the Deer and Rabbits: And gave the Keeper Order to obey all Mr. Woollass Commands:. And that Mr. Woollaston had the whole Profit of the Estate, except What was referred in Mr. s Lease:

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

That

fO W. III. i 'C Jamarii 403

That Mr. WooUaston did oMet Ctasrithe Keeper to kill the Dfeer arid Rabbits; and that Cratie did accordingly kill, and fend them, as Mr. dhe&ed:

That Mr. WooUaston turned otit one of the Keepers,

arid paid him his Wages; and that Mr. Woollaston paid Cram Wages* but cannot lay what; and that Crane, a Keeper in Mr. Thompsons Time, after Mr.

Occupation* owned to him, That he was Mr.

Servant; arid, being threatened to be put out, made Application to Madam Woollaston to continue in:

That he never few Mr. Thompson there, Whilst Mf. WooUaston w as in Pofiession; but Mr. Thompson proriiifed to come down to number the Deer; but did not come.

And Robert Bradshaw and Wilson teftrfied,

That Mr. WooUaston had employed several Persons in digging the Gardens, and cultivating the Trees, and about Repairs; and that his Orders were obeyed m diluofing of Defer, Rabbits, and Pigeons, as Ov\ner of the Estate, till about a Week or Fortnight before Mr. Thompson's Entry; when Crane the Keeper refused to break up a Deer; for which Mr. Woollaston turned him out: Though it was acknowledged. That Crhad a Chamber in the House, with the Key, till Mr. Thompson made his Entry; and had Horses in the Park after he was discharged:

That Mr. Woollaston lent for him, and told him, He

had taken the Park of Mr. Thom pom, and that he hired him to be Keeper; that Crane was to s*> out at Christmas; but Cram begged of Madam /'? colics ton to stay in.

And Wilson fain. That Mr. J¥ool,\:r,.ti, at the Time of the Entry, had Two Horses, i wo bullocks, and Two Asses, in the Park, and iome Cattle at Tack; and that Cram had Cattle in the Park, bat he was ordered to take them out, upon his being discharged.

James I) ray cot t feid. He was placed in the House of Mr. Woollaston about the Firit of May, and there continued till Mr. Thompson came to take Pofiession; and that, about Seven a Clock, on the 5th July he found Mr. Thompson walking near the House; and Mr. Thompson told him, there had been foine Difference between Mr. H outlast on and him, and he came down to take Pofiession, and must be gone that Night; and told the said Draycott, If he would go out i)oaa*aoly, he should take his Goods; otherwise he would ll.ze them for Rent, for there was Half a Year's Rent due: And that Cram owned himself to be Mr. JVtollasforisServant; and, upon his being turned away, begged Leave of Mr. Woollaston to suffer his Goods to continue for a W eek; and promised, within that time, to clear them:

That he few Mr. Woollastoris Name in the Poors Rate.

James Draycott and Samuel tefcified, That

Mr. WooUaston had paid, or allowed, both for the Land Tax and Window-Tax for Woodl '

And HUdyard, feid, Ho had paid 101, to Crane for Mr. Woollaston, by Mr. Thompson's Order; for which he produced a Receipt.

Richard Symonds, who did use to buy Rabbits of Mr. Thompson, testified, That Mr. Thompson, about a Fortnight after Michaelmas, told him, he must buy no more Rabbits of him, but of Mr. Woollaston; for he had delivered up all his Right and Title to Mr. Woollaston: And afterwards he spoke to Mr. WooUaston; and he promised him what he disposed of: And John Crarte the Keeper told him, He must buy the Rabbits of Mr. WooUaston: And that Mr. WooUaston gave him Leave to put a Colt in the Park, which he paid him for.

Samuel Russel, a Cook) feid) he had dealt with Mr. Thompson for Venison; but left dealing with him the latter End of Buck-Season 1697; and has nadj since, Venison from Mr. WooUaston:

That, in October 1697, when life mdde up his Account With Mr. Thompson, he had fotrie Talk about Doe Venison; and he aiked, If there was ariygodd that Seafori? Whereupon Mr. Thompson feid, He should not have any to dispose of; but, for the future, he must apply himself to Mr. Woollaston; and he understood by Mr. Thompson he had quitted the Matter to Mr. WooUaston: That, Vot. XII.

thereupon, he applied himself to "Mr. WooUaston; and ^privilege, had Doe Venison from Woodhall Park, by Mr. Woollas-toris Order, for Which he paid him:

That, in June, he waited on Mr. WooUaston, whri pronrifed him feme Venison; and being in want of Venison, sent his Man down to Mr. JVooUaston, who obliged him with a Buck he had killed for himself:

That when he evened the Account with Mf. Thompson, there was a Brace of Bucks he had had of Mr. WooUaston, which he acquainted Mr. Thompson's Man with; who feid.

He would tell his Matter of them 5 but Mr. Thompson, never demanded Money for them; dnd for those Bucks, he paid Mr. Woollaston:

That, some time since, he was at a Coffee-house With Mr. Thompson j and Mr. Thompson feid, again he had tfte Disposing of the Bucks, and, if he would, he lhriufcJ have them.

Mr. Charles Heme feid, The Duke of Somerset, being to hunt in those Parts, wanted a convenient Place for his Hounds and Horses; and sent him, the said Mr. Herne, to make Inquiry for one; that he met Crane the Keeper, who told Mr. Herne, He believed he might hove Wood-hall House, if he applied himself to Mr.;

which he did; and had Leave of Mr. WooUaston to have the Use of Woodhall House; and hK Grace did lend his Horses and Dogs thither accordingly.

Daniel Ives feid Mr. Woollaston was charged to the Poor for Woodhall Pafk, and paid 40s.; and the Vestry put him in the Poors Rate.

Edward Hinds feid, He went to desire Mr. Woollaston to take Two of his Cattle to Tack; and Mr. Woollaston gave Leave, and he put them into the Park.

That, as to the Entry made by Mr. Thompson, Mr.

Robinson, and others;

William JVilsonfeid, that he was out in the Park, and

he few a great Company come by, his Wife and Child only being in the House; that, when he came into Woodhall House, he found John Crane, Mr. Thompson,

Mr. Robinson, Bickkton, Plummer, and Bendrig: That when JVilson came in, Mr. Thompson asked him, Whole Servant he was ? who answering, Mr. Mr.

Thompson laid, He had nothing to do there; bnt he should continue there if he would be his Servant; and he saying he would not, Mr. Thompson told him, He should turn out that Night; thdt they staid that Night, and were locked up; not that they were hindered from going, otherwise than by fearing the Key would be turned upon them, and they should lole the Pofiession; and next Morning the y were turned out.

That Mr. Thompson sent for more Men, and there camel Samuel Sights, ydung Crabb, Joseph Biggb,- Rickard Nash,

JVill Ansell, Thomas JValler, and Edward Chambers:

That Mr. Woolldsfon, at the Time of the Entry, had

Horses find Cows in the Park:

That, about Three Weeks after, Mr. sent

for his Cattle in the Park, and they were denied him by John Crane; who feid, That his Master had ordered him not to part with them; for that he' Would feme- them for Rent; whereupon Mr. Wodllastoh fcrit soir tf Replevin; upon which they were again at first refuted, but upon a second Demand delivered:

That, the 6th of July, Mr. Thompson, and his Company, killed a Buck.

James Draycott; When Mr. Thompson eh foe to take Pofiession, which was the 5th July last, there Was, at Night, about a Dozen placed there by his Orders; and they took Pofiession of the outward Dodrs‘: That Mr. Thompson feid he was resolved to break up a Buck next Day, which accordingly he did; and Mf. Robinson and Mr. Plummer Were there with him: That he staid there,

With Mr. Thompson's Consent, till next Day, being the 6th of July; and then Mr. Thompson ordered his People to turn him out; which they did; and he wri? forced to take another Lodging; arid went to Mr. Jf'Oollastoris House:

T*hat there Was With Mr.. Thompson, in Woodhall Holife, Mr» Phrnmkl', Mr. Robinson, JohriCrane, Samuel

Seghts,

Privilege.

404 i^Januafii.

Segins,. Richard Nash, Nic. , John

Crabb, James Pendring, Waller, Jos. Biggs, and some

others: That he saw them all that Night, but Mr. Robinson and Plumer:

That he believes Mr. WooUaston, at the time of the Entry, was in the Service of the House:

That, Three Weeks after Mr. Thompson took Possession, l»e went to Crane, and demanded of him Mr. Wool-

laston's Cattle; but Mr. Crane refused them twice, saying, He had Orders to the contrary; but at la(t they were delivered upon a Replevin he had from the Sheriff.

Lucy Wilson said, She was in the House when Mr. Thompson, Pendring, Mr. Robinson, Plumer, and Crane, entered; and they fat in the Hall, and sent for more Company: That Mr. Robinson came in Half a Quarter of an Hour after Mr. Thompson.

That for Mr. Thompson and Mr. Robinson, the Counsel indited.

That Mr. WooUaston had no other Possession than was controulable by the Orders of Mr. Thompson:

And called John Crane as a Witness,

Who was objedfed to, as parliceps:

But he not being particularly named in the Order, the Committee thought fit to examine him: And The said John Crane said, He had received Orders from Mr. Thompson to let Mr. WooUaston hunt in Woodhall Park: And he produced his Orders, by way of Letter, dated the 26th October 1697; and was in these Words,

" My Affairs |not permitting me to come into the " Country this Winter but very little, and Mr. WooUaston " having desired, that he, and Ibme Friends of his, may " have the Liberty of the Park, and the House, till I " come down; therefore this is to acquaint you, that I " would have you to observe all Mr. WooUaston's Orders " and Directions in my Absence, as much as if you " had my Orders for any thing he desires; and kill what " Deer and Rabbits Mr. WooUaston orders, and dispose " of them as he directs: This shall be your Authority.

" Yours,

" Robej't

u This is further to let you know, that I expect you will " kill no Deer without Mr. WooUaston's Orders."

That afterwards he received an Order from Mr. Thompson, dated June 11th, 98; which he produced to the Committee; by which he countermanded his former Order.

That he had, all along. Board-wages from Mr. Thompson, and never agreed with Mr. WooUaston to be his Keeper; and that the Goods of the House were Mr. Thompsons.

That after he received the Letter from Mr.

that countermanded the First Orders, he refused to obey Mr. WooUaston; which was the Reaion of Mr. s

discharging him: But he denied, that he was out of Possession.

However, he owned, That he had applied to Madam WooUaston to stay; and that he kept no Account of the Hay made use of by Mr. WooUaston: And acknowledged, he received of'Mr. WooUaston 20/. by Mr. Thompson's Order: That Wit. WooUaston had no Houshold-Goods, nor Rooms furnished;. but the said Mr. Thompson's Goods all the while remained there: That Mr. Thompson had Three Horses in the Park this time was 12 Months: That Mr. Thompson sent him to Mr. Pturner's, to desire Mr. Robinson to come to Woodhall House; and he did come about an Hour after Mr. Thompson came, but did not stay above a Quarter of an Hour.

Sir Robert Lcgard said, It was referred to him to let the Estate: That Mr. WooUaston, Mr. Thompson, and Mr. Robinson, came before him, and all bid for a Lease of the Estate: That Mr. Robinson outbid Mr. Woolluston, and then Mr. WooUaston came and struck out his Name; and, afterwards, Mr. Thomson retracted; but, afterwards, Mr. Thompson under-writ, that he was content to hold to Christinas, and Mr. Robinson, from that Time, at 100l. a Year:

That Mr. WooUaston told him, as he met him in the Streets, that Mr. Thompson bid for him: But Sir Robert Legard said, Mr. Thompson was under the Orders of the Court j and the several Contracts in Chancery, were made, not to assign without Leave of the Chancery: That, as he understood, Mr. Thompson was in Possession.

That then Mr. Woollaston's Counsel called

Mr. Hungerford: Who said, That he met the several Per fens at the Tavern, in order to an Agreement: That he perceived Mr. WooUaston had Possession of the Profits, but Mr. Thompson was Tenant, by Order of the Court:

Mr. WooUaston said, That the Reason he would not throw it up, was, because, if he had not a Summer to his Winter, he should be a Loser; this was when the Parliament was fitting: That he did take it, Mr. WooUaston was to continue to Christmas: That Mr. WooUaston charged Mr. Thompson with an Agreement; but Mr. Thompson referred to a Paper, which, he said, did not import any such thing.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Refelutionsj

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Robei't Thompson Esquire is not guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of Richard WooUaston Esquire, a Member of this House.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Samuel Robinson Esquire is not guilty of a Breach of the Privilege of Richard Wjcllaslon Esquire, a Member of this House.

The said Refelutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Sir Rowland Gwyn also reported, from the said Com- Weobly mittee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it Election. appeared to them, touching the Double Return, and Election for the Borough of Weobly, in the County of Hereford, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Tho. Foley Esquire, and John Birch Esquire; each complaining of an undue Return of the other to serve for Weobly.

That both Mr. Foley and Mr. Birch (a) [respectively] infilled, That they had the Majority of qualified Votes; and that Irregularities had been on the other Side.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Inhabitants of Houses of 20$. per Ann. Rent; and also paying Scotland Lot.

That it was also agreed, That the Right of Return w as in the Two Constables; one of which had returned Mr.

Price and Mr. Foley; the other Mr. Price and Mr. Birch.

That the Counsel for Mr. Foley called

Mr. Badham: Who took the Poll by the Appointment

of the Constables:

Upon which Poll the Numbers were thus:

For Mr. Price - - 55:

Mr. Foley - - 40:

Mr. Birch - - 35.

That Mr. Price's Election was not any way controverted.

That there were, besides these, taken down in this Poll, 8 others, that offered to vote; but their Votes were not then allowed of; 4 of which were for Mr. Foley, and for Mr. Birch.

The for Mr. Foley were, John Barns, Steph. Lewis Clerk, Edward Sinnock, John Davis.

The for Mr. Birch were, Richard I Volfe, Richard Hyat, Tho. Griffith, John Symonds.

Chr. Taylor said. He took the Poll for Mr. Foley, by Consent of the Constables and Candidates; and that there were, in his Poll, for

Mr. Foley - - 44:

Mr. Birch - - 35.

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

Which

10 W. III.

13® Januarii.

405

Which Difference of Numbers were occasioned, by his putting down for Mr. Foley the Four not allowed for him by the Constables: That Gough, one of the Constables, did allow these Four he had put down to Mr. the other not: And he delivered in a former Poll; wherein, he said, they had voted.

That M r. Folye's Counsel then proceeded upon the Point of Irregularities on the other Side; and called, Richard More: Who said, He was, before the Election, drink'ing with Mr. Jones, one of the Constables; and Mr. Jones said, That, if Mr. Birch had but Ten Votes, he would return him; and, after that, said. If he had but Three Votes, he would return him:

That, after the Return, he saw the Constable at Mr. Birch's Wind-mill, and Mr. Birch's Man put the Grice into his Bag; and be asked the Constable, Why he did not pay Toll; and the Constable answered, he was not to pay Toll as long as Mr. Birch's Wind-mill stood there.

Alben Thomas: Who said. He was at the last Election of Burgesses for Weobly: That, at the Beginning, all was very calm; but when Mr. Birch's Voices grew low, if any ottered for Mr. Foley, they cried, No Voice ! And Mr. Jones would cry, Hollow, Boys! No Voice! And if any offered for Mr. Birch, that were objected to, he would cry, A Voice, Boys! Hollow

And the said Thomas said, That he was frequently with Mr Foley, when he applied himself to the Electors: That what he said to them generally was, That he would serve them faithftilly, if they did elect him.

That, on the Part of Mr. , the Counsel called, Thomas Harris: Who said, he took the Poll for Mr. Birch: That, upon his Poll, the Numbers were the same as upon the Constable's, as to those taken by Direction of both Constables; viz.

For Mr. Foley- - - - 40.

For Mr. Birch - - - 35.

But he said. That, towards the End of the Poll, they were in great Confusion; and that, by Consent of Mr. Jones, the Constable, he put down more that voted for Mr. Byrch; viz. Richard Hyat, Richard Wolf, John Symonds, Thomas Griffith:But, he believes, their Names

were not heard by the other Constable, being at some Distance: That, afterwards, they compared the Poll; and the ether Constable said, He would not allow the last 4:

That Two, viz. Morgan Evans and William Rosse, that polled for Mr. Foley, were polled with a Query; and die Poll was closed without the Queries being examined;

That he did not observe, that Mr. Jones used any Partiality; but there was a new Method of Callers, and Inspectors, who disturbed each other.

Thomas White, Evan Price, laid, That Morgan Evans was not a Pariftnoner, because he had Notice by the Churchwardens, a Year before the Election, to find Security, or begone; and that he did not find Security till alter the Election; but he had paid to Church and Poor.

Evan Price also laid, That John lives at the

End of the House that belongs to Adams, and Haycock lives in the principal Part; and they gave separateVotes: But he owned it had been divided 7 or 8 Years:

That Richard Powell lives at the End of an House, formerly Mr. Gower's: But he owned it has been divided Four Years:

That Philpot and Porte//both pay Scotland Lot; and their Votes were not objected to by either Constables; and Powell had voted before.

Evan Price, Sam. Meyrick, said, That Edward Maunder lives as a Bailiff with Mr. Bridges at Tiverton; and comes sometimes to Weobly, to a Woman, Inhabitant there, reputed to be his Wife, who pays the Poors Rate; though his Name be in the Church and Poors Book.

John Ward Iaid, That William Rosse does not pay to Church and Poor; is not, to his Knowledge, in the Church end Poors Rate for (> Years last past; but owned, that Rosse had voted in former Elections; and that Maunders Name was in the Rate; '

\ol, XII*

That James Greg had Notice to go out of the Parish; Weobly

antHvas not in the Rate; but believes he had paid. Election Thomas White said, That John Davis i9 a poor Man, follows Day-labour, and never did pay to Church and Poor:

That Edward Sinnoch has a House in the Town, of

40 s. a'Year; but 'tis let outto Two Maids, and he lives in a Place like a Barn; that the Maids pay to Church and Poor, and he is not charged in the Rate:

That John Barnes lives in Part of his own House in Weobly, and his Tenant pays to Church and Poor:

That Stephen Lewis, Clerk, is not taxed to Church and Poor; and his Predecessors never voted.

That, as to the Four that voted for Mr but were not taken by Consent of both Constables 1 John Ward said, That Richard Wolf rents 205. a Year, and pays to Church and Podr:

That Richard Hyat pays to Church and Poor, and has lived in Weobly Half a Year, or more, in a House of his own.

That Thomas Griffith is not in the Church-Rate, because the former Inhabitant was struck out for being poor, and a new Rate had not been made since Griffith came in:

That John Symonds lives in a House of 25 s. a Year, and Mr. Mallington pays for him.

Richard Hyat said, That Mr. Foley had, at the Election, before, desired his elder Brother to vote for him, and promised him a Place; but did not perform it: That when Mr. Foley asked him for his Vote, he told him he had been unkind; said Mr. Foley, 1 will give you 20 s. and 20 s.more upon Condition to have your Voice; and that Mr. Foley did give him 20 s.but he voted for Mr.

Price and Mr. Byrch.

James Sheppard said, Mr. Fb/ey asked him for his Vote, and he told Mr. Foley, That Mr. By owed him Money; and, if he would pay Mr. Byrch's Bill, he would vote for him: That 2 or 3 Days before the Election, Mr. Foley told him, If he came to Stoke, he should have it; but, he said, Mr. Foley gave him nothing; and he voted for Mr. Byrch and Mr. Price.

Theoph. Meyrick said, Mr. Foley owed him Money since the Election for last Parliament; and that he went to Stoke for his Money; and Mr. Foley said, the Parliament was dissolved, and he could give no Money at present; but told him, If he would trust 14 Days after the Sitting of the Parliament, he should have it: That Mr.

Foley wrote a Letter to Mr. Williams, to let him have 40 s.taking his Bond; which was done accordingly; and Mr. Hozier told him, Two Days before the Election, If he did not vote, he should have never a Peny; and if he did, he would engage he should have it (Which Hozier being examined to, denied): That he voted for Mr. Byrch and Mr. Price.

That Mr. Foli/e's Counsel, by way of Answrer to what Mr. Byrchs Witnesses said, called,

Alben Thomas, Wm. Hozier: Who said. That Morgan Evans paid 40 j. Rent to Mr. Byrch, and pays to Church and Poor; and, if he would have voted for Mr. Byrch, had not been put to give Security:

That William Rosse pays 30 s. a Year Rent; did pay to the Church and Poor, but now his Landlord pays for him: That he has voted in Three or Four Elections, and was never denied before:

That Philpot is in the Poors Book; and was not excepted to at the Election;

That Poicell bought an Estate in the Town, which cost ' him 301.; and has before voted for Mr. Byrch:

That Maunder and Price both offered to vote for Mr.

Foley; and Mr. Byrch did agree to admit One of them; and so Maunders Name was put down in the Poll:

That JamCs Greg rents 40 s.a Year, and pays to Church and Poor; and was not objected to.

That as to the Four polled by Mr. Foley, that were not in the Constables Poll;

That John Davis is a Butcher by Trade:

That Edward Synnock is a Freeholder of 3 /. a Year, and does pay to Church and Poor; and voted before:

5 L That

T ^.1698.

405

I*

140 Januarii.

That John Barnes is a Freeholder, of 8/. a Year; and the F.itate hath heen divided a Dozen Years; but the Landlord hath 3 /. a Year, apd is in the Poors Hate:

That Stephen LexcisClerk's Glebe is about 30/. a Year, and his PredbcefloFS did pay to Church and Poor; and his Predecessors coinjMMinded to find the Bread and Wine at the Sacrament; which Lexcis now docs; stud voted before for Mr. Byrch, and was allowed.

That as to the Four in Mr. Clerk's Poll;

That IVolf comes but occasionally, and dresses Hats; and believes his Kent not above 15 or ib$. a Year; and does not pay to Church and Poor:

That Richard Ilyat is of another Parish, and came but Two or Three Days before the Election, and went away 'a Week, or Nine Days, after:

That Griffith's Estate is purchased by Mr. and

his Rent but \.6s. a Year:

That there has been no Vote for House this

Twenty Years.

Morgan Exans said, That Barnes, in December last, being asked, If be knew any tiling of the Matter of the Eleaion, worth his going to London, he said, lie did not. Peter Booth laid. He was at Stoke when Theophilus Meyrick came thither; but no Offer was made him; and when he told Mr. Foley, Meyrick was there, Mr. Foley said. He was sorry for it; for he was a great Rogue; and 'Mr. Foley would not speak with him alone, without his being by: That Meyrick demanded Money, but Mr. Foley did notown any to be due; but Mr. Foley ordered him to write a Letter to Mr. Williams, to lend hina 40,?. becausehe eomplaihed he was poor; and Mr. Williams 1 did lend him 40 v. upon his Bona; but it was before the Parliament was dissolved.

That Mr. Byrch'.s Counsel, to jqftify the Four Votes taken by Air, Byrch's Clerk, called,

John Price:Who laid, That Richard Wolf, and John Symonds, live each in a House of 20 a Year; an.d their Landlords pay to Church and Poor for them:

That Richard Ilyat, and his Family, came to the Town a Fortnight, or Three Weeks, before the Election; and is dwg.ed io Church and Poor.

Sinnuel Ilohfon said, Symonds' Landlord paid to Church and Poor for him: 1

That the Reason Griffiths wits not in the Poors Rate,

' was, because a Rate had not been made fiqce he came into the House.

1 And that, upon the whole Matter, thq Committee came to this R'efblntion;

Rtfokxd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Foley Esquire is duly clebted a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of IV°obly. The said Resolution being read a Secondvtime.; Rejoiced, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Foley Esquire ;is duly elected a, Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Cnown dp attend this ! House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for -.the ikid "Borough of IFcbbly.

Disbanding Re solved, Thaffois House wifi, Tomorrow Morning,

tofidve itself into a Committee of the whole., House, tp

the Army.

'cdhfider ftifther of ttie Bill for the speedy and qffeftu^l Disbanding die Forces in England and Ireland.

Woollen M,. , 'WW.JS vfe upon

nurtures, ^g, retolVeitfdf into q Committee of the whole House, tp conli'der of the Bjil to encourage the Woollen Manu-fa&iire in Englwid; mid tp reftra.m foe. Exportation of 'Woollen Mauofaftu'rcs frotri Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing fog Experlajtjop of Wool <from England. ‘Ireland.

/AndJ dwn the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mornings Eight a Clock;

Sabbati, 14° die Januarii;

so* Gulielmi Tertii.

P R A Y F. R S,

THE Clerk of the Crown attended, according to Weobly Order; and amended the Return for the Borough Return of Weobly, in the County of Hereford, by taking off the ttIueutlet* Indenture by which John Byrch Esquire together with Robert Price Esquire were returned.

Air. Thurjhy. according to Order, presented to the Writs of House, a Bill for the limiting certain Times, within which Error.

Writs of Error shall be brought for the Revelling Fines, common Recoveries, and ancient Judgments: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Justices of Peace, Grand Jury, and Distillation Gentlemen, at a Quarter-Sessions, held the 1 oth of Ja- froun ConL nuary instant, for the County of Kent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the Bill, depending in the House, to prohibit the distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, From Corn; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; should pals into an Act, it will greatly prejudice the said County; for that, by reason of the great Rains, and wet Harvest, last Year, great Quantities of their Corn are so much damaged, that the same will yield but very little, to make the same into Malt for Beer; its Returns from London amounting but to 13 s. per Quarter; yet the same may be more useful for the Distillery; so that, if the said Bill should pals, the greatest Part of the Corn in the said County will thereby become of very little Value: And praying such Relief therein as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. England, according to Order, presented to the Bulwer'g House a Bill to enable Edward B Esquire to fell Estate. certain Lands, in the County of Norjvlk; he settling other Lands in the same County, of equal Vajue, to the same Uses: And foe same was received; and read foe Eirit time.

Rfolxed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Agmonde-vileges and Elections, touching foe Election for the Bo- ,*uun Elec* rough of Jpmondesham, be made upon Monday Morning tlon* next.

A Petition of Robert King, and other the Inhabitants of Encouraging Ycox'ill, IVincaunton, and the adjacent Places, in foe lowing t lax.

County of Somerset, was presented to the IJoufe, and read; setting forfo, That foe Petitioners, during the late "tVar, have applied themselves to foe lowing of Flax, arid making Tinea Cloth; wherein they have attained to make thp same equal in Goodness to the moil used foreign 'Linen Manufactures; whereby great Numbers of our Poor have been maintained: but the Petitioners are doubtful, that our Neighbour Nations, by foe low Prices that their Poor aire forced to work at, with which an Englishmen cannot foblift, will undersell us in our own Markets, to foe total T°‘s of the said Trade: And praying That the Towing Flax, and making the Linen Manufactura, may be encouraged, by preventing foe Running of foreign ^Commodities of the same Nature.

Qrdcrqd, That foe Consideration of the said Petition he referred to such Members of this House as are (fommissioners of the Customs, to take qare therein.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill tQ Hindering -!-J- 'n »* ' Papists from

A Petition

IO W. HI.

14° — 16° Jamiarii.

407

J.iveipoolft

Parish.

A Petition of the Churchwardens of the Parish of Walton, in the County of Lancaster, Mas prefen ted to the House, and read, setting forth, That there being a Bill in the House, to enable the Town of to build

a Church, and endow the lame, by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton: And, the Church of Walton being very ancient, and under Decay; the yearly Repair thereof Mill be very heavy upon the rest of die Parish of Walton, if Liverpoole be exempted from paying their Rate to Repairs; they therefore pray, That if Liverpoole be made a separate Parish, they may yet pay their proportionable yearly Rate to the Repairs of Walton Church; or that they pay such a gross Sum as may answer the Ends thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until foe said Bill be read a Second time.

Abuses in Ordered, That Mr. Lawther and Mr. Phillips be added King's Bench to foe Committee, to whom the Petition of John Goodall Prions.*1 referrQd > and who are to inquire into the ill Practices, and Abul'es, of the Prisons of the Fleet, and King's Bench; and all that serve for A and Surry; and all the Merchants of the House.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

the Act made for distilling low Win6s, and Spirits, from Corn; and particularly since Michaelmas last.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as followeth;

English Spirits -Aqua Vitae - -

English Brandy

Tuns. Cafes. Making in Gallon*

261 275 7,>53*

17H - 4o,2i 8

- - 96

Mhfr 00 cr> we* 275 50,467*

W.1 Marsh, . 2xam* Outwards.

Exporting

Wool.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool: And that the Lord Fairfax and Mr. Shane do prepare, and bring in, foe Bill.

A Petition of Sir Robei't Southwell, and others, w'as presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; if it should pass into a Law, will greatly prejudice the Trade of, England, and ruin the Prattstant Interest of And praying to be heard, by themselves, and Counsel, qgaini't the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of foe whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the said Account do lie upon the Table until the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits from Corn; and to prevent the Frauds in Distillers j be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next.

The Order of the Day, for the House to resolve itself Diibanding into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Speedy and effectual Diibanding the Forces in England and Ireland, was read: And

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of foe Committee;

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do take the Chair of foe Committee.

Then the House resolved i.self into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Conyers took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Conyers reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and made several Amendments thereunto which they had directed him to report, when the House w ill please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Process of

Capias for Debts under 40 u

Preventing Export of Corn, &c.

Spirits

txporUd*

And then foe House adjourned till Monday Eight a Clock,

Morning,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, to take ..... all Process of Capias for Debt, or Damages, under 40s.: And that Sir Jofc Jekill and Mr. Harley do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Infer uClion to them, That they do bring in a Clause, or Clauses, for making the - Act:, of foe 2 2d and 23d Years of King Charles the I Id, for giving, no more Colts than Damages, to expend to the Dominion of IFa/es, and all the Counties Palatine.

Amingrossed Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Meal, and< Bread,; for One Year, was read the Third time.

And an Amendment waa proposed to be made, Press *, L. *, after " Assize," to insert " or of thd " Grehti Sessions. oi Walts

And the feme was, upon , foe Question put thereup&tt, agreed; unto - by foe House; and the Bill amended at foe Table accordingly. ‘

Resulted; Nemsne contradiemte, That' foe Bill do pals: And that the Titlte be, An Act to prohibit foe Exportation of Gqrn> Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifeuit; or Starchy for. One Year, from the 20th Day of 1698.

Ordered, That Mr. Heoemngh do carry the Bill-to foe Imrde, and desire their Concurrence thereunto,

Sir Walter.Young, from the tynTmifoenm of the CustoRi?, presented to the House an Account of what; Spirits have been exported from foe Port of London since

Vol. XII.*

Luna, 16* die Jaiiuarii; 10° Gulielmi Tertii.

'Praters.

OHN Dubordieu, Henry D and James

J Martin, took the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Farewell's fur naturalizing Elizabeth farewell, was read a Second Nat, tip®.

> Resolved, That fop Bill be committed to Mr.

.Iv.T^ornhagh, Mr. Freepian, Mr VMr. Sir John Bodes, Mr. Mounstevetp, Sir Cha. Hedges, Air,

Chetwyiyd, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Hayes, Mr. , Mr,

Conyers, Sir Jof.Tredenlgim, Mr. 4 Sir Edw:

Phillips, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Boyle, Sir Fra. Windham, Sir Richard Cocks;Mri Blofeld, Mr. Madhell, Mr.

Ifattckjon, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Osborne, Colonel "Drake, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Garrard, Mr.

Duke, Mr. Bertie, Sir Robert NapierAnd they are to meet this Afternoon at-Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Custonqs do Malt, Ac. lay before this House an Account of what Malt or Barley exported, has been exported since foe making the Act for distilling low Wines, and Spirits, from Corn^ last.

Ordered

Gifts to € liar liable View.

Distillation from Core,

Russian

Trade.

Poor Laws.

Duties on Leather.

.Agraonde-

sham

Election*

408 16° Januarii. A. 1698.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs do lay before this House an Account of what hath been paid for Bounty-money, for Exportation of Corn, fihee the last Act was made for giving the fame, to Michaelmas last.

A Bill for the better and further Encouragement of Gilts to charitable Uses was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Boyle, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Mr.

Trcdcnham, Sir Henry Furnace, Sir John Garrard, Mr. Probert, Mr. Hammond, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Yates, Lord Downes, Sir Bamardiflon, Mr.

Blofei/d, Mr. Fillers, Sir Chr. Mr.

gue, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Chelwynd, Mr. Cook, Mr. YoMr. Blaake, Mr. Lee, Mr. Harvey, Sir John Fleet, Sir John Packington: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, and Overseers of the Poor of the Parish of St. 'Giles's in the Fields, in the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Numbers and Necessities of the Poor are so increased, that they are become almost insupportable; which, in a great Measure, is occasioned by the Dearness of Corn, and other Provisions, as they conceive, by distilling Spirits, and Brandy, from malted Corn; which, if not timely prevented, will, in all Probability, occasion a great Scarcity: And praying, That the House will take some Care to prevent the like Mil-chiefs for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill to Prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; be read a Second time.

Sir Thomas Davall, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for enlarging the Trade to And the same was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Popham, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Ekins,

Mr. Moor, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, and Shoemakers, in, and adjacent to, the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Grievances in collecting the Duties upon Leather, and the Difficulties in redressing the lame, are intolerable; and, unless some speedy Relief be given therein, must be their utter Ruin: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Roger HiU, and the Burgesses of Agmondesham, complaining of an undue Return of Sir John Garrard, to serve for the Borough of Agmondesham:

That the Petitioners Counsel infilled, That there had been a Majority of Votes illegally procured for Sir John Garrard', and also upon Bribery:

That the Right was in the Inhabitants of the Borough, Housekeepers not receiving Alms:

Which was agreed by the Counsel of the other Side. That, to prove the Poll, they called.

Zachary Alnutt: Who laid,' He took the Poll for Sir Roger HiU and Lord Chenie, with the Consent of the Constables:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For my Lord Cheyne - - - no:

For Sir Roger Hill - - - 69:

For Sir John Gerrard - - - 78:

And that he afterwards compared his Book with the Constables Poll; and it agreed.

That, as to the Bribery, the Counsel called,

John Winchester: Who said, He had a Vote at Agmondesham; and that James Norwood, that foliated for Sir John Garrard, treated with him to Vote for Sir Gerrard: Thereupon he told Norwood, That he had an old Debt due from Sir William Drake; and, if Sir John Gerrard would help him to his Money, he would be for him, otherwise not: That Norwood said, He had Sir John Gerrard's Orders to give him a Note for 5 /. and return him a Note he had given for 10/. to Mr. Drake', and, he refuting to vote upon those Terms, afterwards Mr. Norwood said, he had Orders to help him to 10/. and, promised him the aforesaid Note: That, accordingly, he gave a Note, the Morning before the Election, for 10/. which he afterwards paid him; and tore the Note he had given him for it, saying, It should not rife in Judgment: That, while he was writing the Note, Norwood laid, You and your Father will vote for Sir John Gerrard and the Lord Cheyne; and he desired him to go home a Back-way, over the Pales, being the Day of the Election: But he owned Norwood used to lend him Money:

That, afterwards, he went to Sir John Gerrard, and thanked him; but Sir John said, He knew nothing of it: And that Sir John Gerrard had not spoke with him for Two Years before:

That, he believed, he received the 10/. for his and his Father's Vote; for that Sir John Gerrard had told him, There was no Way to recover it.

John Maycoclc said, That he knew James Norwood, who sent for him to an Alehouse, and asked him to be for Sir John Gerrard; and told him, The bell Way to get his Money was, to be for Sir John:

That, on the Morning of the Election, Sir John told # Maycock, He hoped he would not be against him:. Thereupon he asked him for his Money: Sir Gerrard desired him not to be against him, and he should have his Money: And that he aid vote for Sir John Gerrard, and had it, which was 4 /. 18 id. next Morning:

And said, If it had not been for the Getting of his Money, he would have been for Sir Roger Hill and the Lord Cheyne.

John BatcheUour said, He went to fee Sir John and Sir John asked him to be for him: That Batchellor told him, He would, upon Condition he would pay the Charges he was at, in being bound over to the Seluons which was 20 s.: That he voted for him; and, next Morning, went to Sir John Garrard, who offered him 5 s.; and that Batchellour refuting it, as too little, Sir John Gerrard gave him a Guinea:

And that Francis Reed afterwards told him, He had a Crown-piece also.

Thomas Nash said, He had no Money promised him; but he had Discourse with ope Giles, his Mailer being a Friend of Sir John Garrard's', and he desired his Vote for Sir John; and said, He would be kind to him:

: And Nash said. That, the Morrow after the Election, he received a Guinea of Giles; which Giles told him, he got of Sir John Gerrard\for him, being a poor Man: That Sir John Gerrard, feme time after the Election, gave him a Crown-piece.

John Winchester lenior said, He voted for Sir John Garrard and Lord Cheyne, in hopes his Son would have the Money; which, his Son told him, he was promised.

Elizabeth Johnson said, She knew Mr. Leper, Sir John Gerrard's Bailiff; and that he font for her Ilulband; but

her

.1 o W. III. 16° Jami aril. 40 9

her Husband would not come to him: That, afterwards, he told her, If ftie would go for her Husband, flic should befatisfied; and told her, If her Husband would be for Sir John Garrard, lie should lol'e nothing by it: And that

fhc did go 14 Miles for her Husband; and, afterwards, received 5$. for it: And was the more willing to go, being afraid of her Mother's being turned out of an Alms-house.

John Dorset said, That Mr. his Matter,

asked him to vote for Sir John Garrard', and threatened

to turn hitn out of his Work, ifhe did not

Dudley Pennard delivered in the Poll taken by the Constables; by which, he said, there was 79 for Sir Garrard: That Robert Perrot was polled with a Query; bnt no Scrutiny infilled on, because of the Majority.

William Slat ham knows Joh; and, last Easter,

he had Money of the Parish, to pay for his Wife's Physick: That he was not in constant Collection; but* received Money when his Wife was tick:

That Robert Lee had Money, when he was lame, and to pay for Physick:

That Paul Darvilllives but in Part of an House of his own; which was divided about 12 Months since: That his Tenant voted for Sir Roger Hill and Sir Garrard; and himself also for Sir John; and both voted for Sir John Garrard:

That Abraham Bcuing lives in Part of an House with Robert Lee:

That Giles Child lives in a Work-house belonging to the Town, and oversees the Work the Poor are employed in:

That Richard Hogtrough, Richard Shepherd, and William Goulder, were admitted to live in the Town upon Certificates only.

That Sir John Garrardrs Counsel said. They7 had Witnesses to answer what was given in Evidence against Sir John Garrard; and could turn it upon the Petitioner:

THE A B

But that the Committee were satisfied, upon hearing the Petitioners Evidence only; and came to these Reio-lutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir John Garrard is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmonde-sham, in the County of Bucks.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of Sir Roger Hill Knight is frivolous and vexatious.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir John Garrard is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Agmondesham, in the County of Bucks.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petition of Sir Roger Hill Knight is frivolous and vexatious;

It passed in the Negative.

4

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That Mr. Owen have Leave to go into the Country, his Father being very ill.

The Earl of Ranelagh, according to Order, presented

to the House an Abstract of what is due to the several disbanded Regiments and Companies, to the respefitive Times of their being disbanded: Also,

An Account of the Disposition of the 250,0001, appropriated last Session of Parliament for Disbanding.

The Titles thereof were read.

The said Abstract, and Account, are as follow; viz.

S T R A C T.

Arrears of Subsistence iu Flanders. Arrears of Pay. TOTALS, ft

To Colonel Harvy's, late Arran's, Regiment of Horse,'| £ s. d. £ s. d. £ s. d.

to the 9th of December 1697 - - - -J 12,247 2 2 12,247 2 2

To Colonel Windsor's Regiment, to the 7th of De-\ comber 1967 ----- - -j - - 12,027 13 — 12,027 13 —

To the Earl of Denbigh's Dragoons, to the 19th De-1 cember 1697 ----- - -J - - 10,598 6 11 10,598 6 11

To Colonel Leigh's, to the 7th December 1697 To Major-General Erie's Regiment of Foot, to the 2dl March 1697 - - - -J _ . 9,624 7 2 9,624 7 2

- - 16,388 5 2 16,388 5 2

To the Duke of Bolton's, to the lft March 97 To Colonel Saunderson's, to the 5 March 1697 2,620 4 2 16,674 9,623 12 5 11 7 16,674 12,243 12 9 11 9

To Lord Lome's, to the 8th of February 1697 - , 1,972 5 5 >0,507 18 2 12,480 3 /

To Colonel Holt's, including their Arrears of Sub- fistence - -- -- -J 34,997 1 3 34,997 1 3

To Colonel Coot's, to the 26 February 1697 . 11,302 13 6 11,302 13 6

To Colonel Brudnell's, to the 15th March 97 - . 11,569 15 4 11,569 15 4

To ColonelGibfon's, to the 27 February 1697 - - 8,555 16 4 8,555 16 4

To Colonel Northcote's, to 8th March 1697 - _ 11,539 7 10 n»539 7 10

To Colonel Farrington's, to 28th February 1697 -To Colonel Bochan's, to the 8th of February 1697 - - 10,143 16 4 10,143 16 4

3.833 7 — 7,226 18 2 n,oGo 5 2

To Colonel Lillinglton's ----- - 13,284 1 1 13,284 x 1

To Colonel Rufiel's, including their Arrear of Sub- fistence ----- -- -J - - 9,894 12 3 9,894 12 3

To Captain Prince's Company - 139 3 8 139 3 8

To the Company of Miners, to 2d March 1697 - - - 719 11 — 719 11 —

To the Company at Upnor, to 13 March 1697 - - 1,999 5 6 i,999 5 6

8,425 l6 7 219,063 13 4 227,489 9 11

Ranelagh.

Committees

Leave of Absence.

Army

Arrears.

4io

1697-

December 3d.

7-

11.

24.

16° Januariu

The said ACCOUNT.

Paid several Merchants, for Bills of Exchange remitted to Mr. Hill, to discharge and fend home several foreign Troops ----- -j To Jacob Vander Efch Esquire, to clear with two Regiments of Dutch Horse,!

viz. Baron Rechteren's and Count Steinbock's, disbanded -J

To Colonel Colt, for reducing his Regiment

To Colonel Coote's, the like ——

To Major-General Stewart's, the like -.-----

To Sir John Jacob's, the like ——

To Colonel Brudenall's, the like ....

To Major-General Erl's, the like ——

To Sir Henry Bellafys, the like ——

To the Dukeof Bolton's, the like ——

To Colonel Mordaunt's, the like -

To Brigadier Selwyn's, the like ——

To Colonel Tidcomb's, the like -

To Brigadier Trelawny's, the like -

To Colonel Farrington's, ditto ——

To Colonel Northcot's, ditto - -

To Colonel Seymour's, ditto ——

To the Earl Macclefield's, ditto ——

To Major-General Churchill's, ditto ——

To Colonel Harvy's Regiment, for DHbanding ——

To Colonel Windsor's, ditto ——

To Colonel Leigh's, ditto ——

To the Earl of Denbigh's, ditto -

To Major-General Lumly's Regiment, for Reducing - -

To Lord Gallwaye's, the like ——

To Major-General Leveson'3, ditto -

To Colonel Wood's, ditto -

To the Earl of Arran's, ditto -

To Brigadier Langston's, ditto ——

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto ——

To Duke Schonberg's, ditto ——

To the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, ditto ——

To Colonel Lloyd's, ditto - -

To the Earl of Essex, ditto....

To the Lord Tiviot's, the like ——

To Colonel Ross, ditto -....

To the Lord Jedbrough's, ditto ——

To the Royal Regiment of Fufileers, ditto -

To Lord Gallwaye's, ditto ——

To Colonel Webb's, ditto - -

To Colonel Collenbine's, ditto -

To Brigadier-Fairfax's, ditto ——

To the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, ditto ——

To Major-General Lumly's Horse, the like ——

To the Earl of Essex's Dragoons, the like - -

To Colonel Rosse's, ditto ——

To the Marquis de Miremont's, ditto ——

To the Lord Gall way's Horse, ditto -

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto -

To the Marquis de Miremont's Dragoons, ditto -

To Colonel Wood's Horse, ditto ——

To Colonel Ross* Dragoons ——

To Major-General Erl's Regiment, ditto ——

To the Royal Regiment of Foot ——

To Brigadier Windham's Regiment, for Reducing -To Brigadier IngoUUby's, ditto ——

To Colonel Standly's, ditto ——

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto -

To Major-General Lumly's, ditto ——

To Lord Gallwaye's, ditto ——

To Sir Bevill Granvil's, ditto ——

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto ——

To the Marquis de Miremont's, ditto ——

To Major-General Lumly's, ditto ——

To Colonel How's, ditto ——

To several discharged Men from the Rhine - - - -

To Colonel Ross's Regiment, for Reducing ——

To several discharged Men from the Rhine -To Colonel Collingwood's Regiment, for Reducing -To Lord Gallway's, ditto ——

To Colonel Saunderson's, ditto ——

To the Earl of Essex's, id. - -

A. 1698.

£. s. d

100,000 ——

26,312 4 8

362 ——

3C2 ——

362 ——

362 ——

362 ——

362 ——

362 ——

362 ——

362 ——

225 8 —

225 8 —

225 8 —

289 2 — 289 2 — 243 12 —

100 -- —

182 12 --

KOO ——

500 ——

450 ——

45o ——

258 73 3/8 325 329 334 389 402 216

152

136

286

86

43

132

10 278 225 205

12 3i

8

58

11 4

29

6

3

26

222

265

13

132

187

10

7

9

187

12

4 10

205

47

47

20

132

109

169

3

— 4

3 5

15

18 11

12 si

9 2 9 10i

4 7

10 2

3 Hi

16 2 16 —

5 3

10 3 12 —

7 9

4 —

8 — 8 —

11 6

8

12

2

1

6

5

7

5

6

4

»5

1 —

16 2 9 6 12 —

4 — 16 11

12 — 4

13 3 4 6

15 JO

4 — »5 3 1 8

11 11

8 —

14 —

16 —

12 — 16 11

7 — To

10 W. III.

16° Januarit.

411

To Brigadier Langston's, ith - - - -,

To Major-General Lumly's, id. -

To Brigadier Langston's, ditto -

To Lord Gall way's, ditto ——

To Major-General Lumly's ditto, ——

To Duke Shonberg's, ditto ——

To Royal Regiment of Dragoons', ditto ——

To Colonel Wood's Horse, ditto ——

To the Earl of Arran's, ditto -

To Brigadier Langston's, ditto - -

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto ——

To Major-General Levefons, ditto ——

To Colonel Lloyd's, the like ——

To the Earl of Arran's Horse, ditto ——

To Colonel Raft's Dragoons, ditto ——

To Major-General Lomly's Horse, ditto ——

To Colonel Leigh's, ditto

To Colonel Harvy's Regiment, for Disbanding - -

To Brigadier Tiffin's Regiment, for Reducing -

To Colonel Windsor's, for Disbanding - -

To Colonel Coot's, for Redocing ——

To Colonel Ross s, the like -

31. To a discharged Man from the Rhine ——

To Lord JedbroughVRegiment, for Reducing- ——

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto ——

To the Royal Regiment of Dragoons* ditto ——

To the Lord Gallw ay's Horse, ditto -- - . - -

To Lord Jedbrough's Dragoons, ditto ——

To Brigadier Langston's Horse, ditto - -

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto ——

To Major-General Lomly's, ditto -- ----- "

To the Earl of Essex's, ditto ——

To Colonel Rose's, ditto ——

To the Lord Jedbrough's, ditto - -

To Colonel Rose's, ditto

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto -

To Major-General Lomly's; ditto ——

January 17th. To Major-General Stuart's, ditto ——

To Lord Jedbrough's, ditto ——

f 9. To feveraf discharged Men from the Rhine -

21‘. To the Earl of Arran's Regiment, for Reducing ——

To Brigadier Langston's, ditto ——

2$. To Major-General Stuart's, ditto ——

February 3. To Brigadier Langston's, ditto ——

To Colonel Rose's, the like ——

To the Earl of E(Tex's, the like - ....

To the Earl of Arran's, ditto ....

To the Earl of Essex's, ditto ——

9. To Brigadier Ingoldlby's, ditto -

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto ——

To Major-General Lamly's; ditto - -- - - - + -

To Lord Gall way's, ditto -

To Colonel Brudenall's, ditto ——

ft. To Lord Jedbrough's, ditto ——

To Major General Stuart's, ditto* - -

To Sir John Jacob's, ditto ——

To the Fhft Troop of Guards, ditto ——

14. To Brigadier Langston's, ditto ——

To Major-General Levefons, the like -. -

19: To Colonel Saunderson's Regiment, for Disbanding -

To the Duke of Bolton's, ditto ——

To Colonel Gibson's, ditto - - - - ? -

To Colonel Coot's, ditto -

To Major-General Erl's, ditto ——

To Colonel Farrington's, ditto ——

To Colonel Gibson's, ditto ——

To Sir Charles Haralr, Brigadier Fairfax, and Brigadier Selwin, for their Ex-1 pences in Ditbanding ----- ----- J

24. To Colonel Northcott's Regiment, for Disbanding -

To Brigadier Windham's, for Reducing ——

To Colonel Rofl'e's, ditto ——

March 5. To Lord Jedbrough's, ditto -

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto ——

To Colonel Brudenall's, for Disbanding ——

To Major- General Stuart's, for Reducing - - - - r

To Captain RcHbinfon, Proroft-Marshal, for Disbanding -

Vol. XII.

£. 1. d.

7 10 9

56 14 11

8 14 6

a 9 5

35 —

57 10 —

76 5 —

51 5 —

4& — —

39 9 4

55 — —

48 15 —

83 15 —

}2 18 8

2$ 9 6

13 —

II9. 5 10

200 — —

147 6 —

164 11 10

319 '9 6

27 2 6

— 9 —

1 8

10 4 iof

42 6 —

10 3 4

2 10 7

5 — —

15 10 7

73 12 6

57 10 —

18 10 —

11 7 10

28 —

(> — —

40 4 —

186 2 3

112 19 8

1 1 —

17 — —

5 19 6

5 10 3

H 9 6

2 2 6

5i — 4

23 18 - —

55 15 9

72, 16

n 7 4

62 9 7

22 19 6

l60 13 —

202 11 8

11 — 6

*9 4 6

7 15 3

22 1 6

12 17 8

700 — —

,300 — - —

,641 — 6

,023 3 5

,825 8 1

,133 19 6

450 "T" —

350 — —

.833 6

4 1 T~

5 12 —

28 16

36 6 8

,000 — —

104 8 6

450 T*

412

i 6° januarii.

7-

9-

>9-

1698. April 1 ft.

5-

6.

11.

14.

>9-

*3-

26.

May 5th.

6.

14.

>9-

20.

27.

June lit.

>5*

*7-

18

*5-

28.

29.

July 2d.

8.

21.

26.

3°*

3°-

To the Company at Upnor, ditto To Colonel Rosie's Regiment, for Reducing To- the Company of Miners, for Disbanding To Duke Schonberg's, for Reducing To Major-General Erl's, the like To Major-General Lumlye's, ditto -To the Company of Miners, for Disbanding

To the Duke of Bolton's, the like -

To the Marquis de Miremont's, for Reducing

To Colonel Saunderson's, for Disbanding

To Major-General Lumly's, for Reducing -

To Colonel Lloyd's, the like

To Major-General Stuart's, ditto -

To Major-General Levifon's, ditto -

To Brigadier Langston's, ditto

To the Marquis de Puiflar's, ditto -

To Major-General Levilon's, ditto -

To the Marquis de Puiflare's, ditto -

To Colonel Saunderson's, for Disbanding

To the Earl of Denbigh's, ditto -

To Lord Gallway's, for Reducing

To Major-General Levifon's, ditto

To Brigadier Langston's, ditto -

To Colonel Loyd's, ditto

To the Marquis de Puiflare's, ditto -

To Major-General Stuart's, ditto

To Colonel Brudnall's, for Disbanding

To Major-General Lumly's, for Reducing -

To the Earl of Arran's, the like -

To Major-General Levifon's, ditto -

To Brigadier Windham's, ditto

To Lord Gallway's, the like

To Colonel Seymour's, ditto

To Marquis de Puiflar's, ditto -

To Marquis de Miremont's, ditto

To Major-General Levifon's, ditto -

To Major-General Lumly's, ditto* -

To Colonel Rosse's, for Reducing To Marquis de Miremont's, the like -To Royal Regiment of Dragoons, ditto To Brigadier Langston's, ditto -To Colonel Wood's, ditto -To Major-General Erl's, ditto -To Colonel Brudenell's, ditto -To Sir John Jacob's, ditto --To Colonel Holt's, for Disbanding - -

To the Troop of Grenadier Guards, for Reducing To Colonel Norcott's, the like -To Colonel Brudnell's, for Disbanding To Colonel Rosse's, for Reducing To Major-General Levifon's, the like To Brigadier Ingoldlby's, ditto-To Colonel Walter Coljear's, ditto To Colonel Brudnall's, for Disbanding To Royal Regiment of Dragoon's, for Reducing -To Colonel Saunderson's Regiment, for Disbanding To Marquis de Miremont's, for Reducing To Lord Tiviott's, the like To Colonel Holt's, for Disbanding To Sir Matth. Bridge's, for Reducing To Major-General Lumly's, the like To Lord Gallwaye's, ditto To Colonel Brudenell's, for Disbanding To First Troop of Guards, for Reducing To the Second Troop, the like -To the Third Troop, the like To Major-General Lumlye's, the like To Colonel Wood's, the like -To the Coldstream Regiment, the like -To Brigadier Windham's Regiment, for Reducing To Duke Schonberg's, the like -To the Earl of Arran's, the like -To the Royal Regiment of-Dragoons, ditto To Colonel Lloyd's, -ditto ..... To the Earl of Essex's, ditto -

A. 1698.

£. if. d.

23 16 —

35 17 2

649 — —

16 2 —

61 5 IO

36 18 4

igz 9 6

269 9 5

58 !9 —

60 —

12 14 # —

1 5 ' —

5 10 . —

365 10 4*

408 11

200 — —

38 >7 —

20U — —

130 — —

102 ? 4

54 6 6

6z >9 6*

55 — 4

6 1 2 i

200 - — —

27 10 —

27 10 —

4 5

9 11 6

>3 16 7

5 — 6

27 >9 4

11 6

200 — —

2 1 6

38 2 7

29 3 —

11 9 —

2 >3 —

11 9 —

3° 2 3

11 18 .

16 a 16 4

u 8 — 6

43 19 1

130 17 6

9 11

85 3 8

5 >7 11

16 14 11

>37 13 8

10 — —

9 9 1

2 1 6

94 >4 6

2 14 6

5 12 3

20 — —

3 >4 —

6 9 4t

12 — , 8

6 18 —

>,150 — —

1,150 — —

1.15° — —

2,055 16 —

>*738 18 if

384 5 11

1,702 6 if

I,7°2 6 if

1,702 6 if

>,340 3 10

i»34o 3 10

1,340 3 10

T#

io W.III.

16° Jaftuarii.

413

To the First Regiment of Guards, ditto - -

To Jacob Vander Efch Esquire - -

To ditto, for the Blue Guards, the like -

To the Royal Regiment of Fulileers, ditto - -

To the Troop of Granadier-G uards, ditto -

To the Royal Regiment of Horse, ditto - - . - -

To the Royal Regiment of Foot, ditto -

To Colonel Collingwood's, ditto -

- To Colonel Brudenall's, for I fbanding -

To the Third Troop of Guards, for Reducing -

To Brigadier Selwyn's, ditto ——

To Colonel Coot's, for Disbanding - -

August 6. To Major-General Churchill's, for reducing -

To Major-General Erl's, the like ——

8. To the First Troop of Guards, the like - - -- - ' ' -

To Brigadier Trelawny's, the like - -

16. To the Earl of Arran's, the like ——

To Major-General Lumly's, ditto -

To the Earl ol Macclesfeild's, ditto -

To Colonel Wood's the like ——

20. To Colonel Coot's for Disbanding - -

To Lord Gallway's, for Reducing - - - '

22. To Jacob Vander Efch Esquire, for Lord Auverquirqu's Troop, and Blue Guards,1 the like - - -J

To I^ord Gallway s Regiment, the like ——

24. To Brigadier Windham's Reducing -

To Colonel Colt's, the like -

To the Earl of Essex's, the like -

25. To Colonel Brudnell's, for Disbanding -

31. To Lord Gallwaye's, for Reducing - -

To Brigadier Windham's, the like ——

tj; m

To the Marquis de Miremont's, the like September 3. To the Royal Regiment of Fufileers, the like -

To Colonel Coot's, for Disbanding - - - - - 1

7. To Colonel Mordant's, for Reducing - -

To the Lord Gallwaye's, ditto - - .-

10. To Brigadier Langston's, ditto - - - . -

To Colonel Windsor's, for Disbanding - - - - . i

To Colonel Harvy's, the like - - - - r -

To Colonel Leigh's, the like - To tire Earl of Denbigh's, the like - . -

To Colonel Brudenall's, the like -

'J o the Duke of Bolton's, the like - - - - . -

To Colonel Saunderson's, the like -

To Colonel Gibson's, the like - - - - -I j-;

..... To Colonel Farrington's, the like - -

To Lord Lome's, for Reducing - -

To Brigadier Langston's, the like -

16. To Lord Gallwaye's, the like - - . - - - -; . ri

r . To Sir Math. Bridges, the like - - . - ->

To Colonel Frederick Hamilton's, the like - - - . - - - -

. - To Major-General Erl's broken Battalion, for Disbanding - - -;

To the Earl of Denbigh's Regimtent, the like - :- - - - -

To Colonel Northcot's, the like - - - - . - - - - m-

To Colonel Saunderson's the like - - - A)

To Colonel Brudenall's, the like - - - - -.. -,

.___ To Colonel Farrington's, the like - - - 1 -

To the Duke of Bolton's, the like , . To Lord Tiviott's, for Reducing - - - - ,. - ' . - - -

To Colonel Collenbinels the like - - - - -. - - -

To I^ortl Gallwaye's, the like ——

- To Count Marton's, ditto - - - . - - 1

To Colonel Harvy's, for Disbanding - - - v-

To Lord Gallway's, for Reducing - - - -; - - M ?-,.

17. To the Earl of Essex'sr the like ——

To Colonel Seymour's,-ditto - -

# 20. To Duke Schonberg's,.ditto - - -; - - -

22. To Major-General Stuart's ditto - ----- - - , j-

To Colonel Brudnell's,-for Disbanding . - - - , 1 - -

- To Brigadier Langston's, for Reducing ' ' - - - - I-

29. To the Marquis de Miremonts the-like ----- - - - >.

To Colonel Collingwood's, ditto - - . - -

To Colonel Windfo % s,-for Disbanding . - > , -

To Colonel Farrington's, the like.....: - r -

To Colonel Brudenall's, the like -

To the Marquis de Puiffare's, for Reducing - - . - J - . - -

Vo t. XII. 5 N

87

4,643

L350

561

400

778

550

324

.54

400

397

18

372

386

625

305

5.50

780

637

303

5

8

2,817

3

288

604

377

5

25

9

2

86

45

522

.150

281

115

*01

H9

159

225

3i4

172

.208

239

186

38

231

63

91

5u

5i

193

22

- 67 556 .5*7

115

.131

400

1

2

46

63

13

s. d.

1 17 —

; 2 1 7

4 1 nf

; 4 11

8 —

17 7

1 MW 3

9 3

17 —

6 6

3 11

13 if

1 1

i7 6

4 —

»5 —

10 —

15 —

1 8

16 6

3 2f

7 4

6 —

18 7

1 —

8 6

1 11

11 6

11 —

2 6

18 if

16 1

12 __

6 9

18 5*

2 5

10 5

7 4

17 3

9 id

— 5

15 —

11 —

12 8

1 9

11 4

11 —

14 9

13 10

4 4

17 8f

18 6

5

7 5f

iS 7

15 9

— 6

17 5

17 4

1 6

18 10

13

3

60 ——

T®

4*4

16° Janu

A\ 1698.

7.

13.

To Colonel Windsor's, for Disbanding -

To Lord Jedbrough's, for Reducing - -

To Major-General Lamly, and Brigadier Chabnley, for going down to federal Regiments, each 1001. - -

October 4. To Jacob Vander Efch, for Fourth Troops of Guards, pro Reducing To Marquis de Miretnont's, the like ——

6. To Colons Brudnell's, for Disbanding -. To Captain Robinson, Provost-Marshal, for the like -

To Sir Henry Bellafys, for Reducing ——

To Major-General Stuart's, the like ——

To Colonel Brudnall's, for Disbanding -

To Colonel Windsor's, the like ——

To Colonel Harvy's, ditto -

To Colonel Leigh's, ditto ——

To the Earl of Denbigh's, ditto ——

To Major-General Erl's broken Battalion, for Disbanding To the Royal Regiment of Foot, for Reducing -To the Earl of Arran's, the like ——

92. To Daniel Butts, appointed Commissary to break Colonel Holt's Regiment 29. To Colonel Gibson's Regiment, for Disbanding - -

To Count Marten's, for Reducing -

To Major-General La Melonier's, the like -

To Lord Lome's, the like ——

To Colonel Murray's, the like -

To Lord Strathnavers, ditto -To Colonel North cot's, for Disbanding -

To Major-General Stuart's, for Reducing - -

To Colonel Webb's, the like - -

To Colonel How's the like To Sir Bevill Granvill's, ditto ——

To Golonel Murray's ditto ——

To Colonel Mordant's ditto ... -

To Brigadier Langston's, ditto ——

To Colonel Coot's, for Disbanding ——

To the Marquis de Miremont's, for Reducing - .

November 1 ft. To Mr. John Taylder, appointed Commissary for disbanding Colonel Regiment - -

To Golonel Coot's, for Disbanding ——

2. To Colonel Frederick Hamilton's, for Reducing - -To Colonel Brudnell's, for Disbanding -

To Golonel Giblbn's,. the like - -

To Brigadier Ingoldlbv's, for Reducing ----- To Sir Math. Bridges^, the like -

To Major-General La Melonier's foe like -

4. To the Marquis de Puiflar's, the like ——

To Major-General Levifon's, the like ——

y. To the Second Troop of Guards, for Reducing -

To Gaptain Robinson, Provost Marshal for Disbanding -

To Golonel Brewer's, for Reducing -

To Golonel Collenbine's, foe like - -

To the Marquis de Puiflar's, foe like - -

To Sir Henry Bellalys', foe like ——

To Major-General Erl's broken Battalion to dtfhand -

To Golonel Brewer's Regiment, to reduce -

To Golonel Tidcomb's, foe like -

8. To Jacob Vander Efch Esquire, for foe Fourth Troop of Foot Guards to

9. To Mr. Taylder, to disband Golonel Holt's Regiment in foe West Indies To foe Earl of Arran's, for Reducing -To Colonel Brudenall's for Disbanding To the Marquis de PuHTar's for Reducing -To Colonel Gibson's, for Disbanding-To Brigadier Langftohs, for Reducing To Major-General Lumly's Horse,-the like -

" 21. To Major-General Lerifon's,-the like

To Lord Gallway's, the like - - - - -24. To Golonel Holts, for Disbanding -To Brigadier Windham's, for Reducing -To Golonel Brudenell's, the tike - -

To Gaptain Lecock, for Disbanding

To Gaptain Robinson, -Provost-Marshal, to disband Exchequer Fees,-of 250,000 -

December 14. To. Sir Henry Bellafys' ^Regiment, for Reducing iy. To: Golonel Brudnell's, for Disbanding - -To Lord Gallway's, for Reducing -

To Sir David Coljear's, the-like -

To Sir Henry Bellalys', the tike - 3

11.

18.

>reakj

Holt

reduce

£> j. <L 15 9

244 18 10

200 ——

7

1

3

6

9

9

2

10

415

49 45

700 —

35 18 92 2

33 —

50 >3

50 13 104 17

51 1 194 18

24 4 119 4 —

250 ——

128 16 — 131 2 6

434 15 ~ 113 11 9

90 7 o

91 6 8

37 19

22 4 2

45a 17

45* 17 355 6 175 i3 84 14 253 14

320 —

45 13

9i

9i

6

6

9

4

6

6

250 ——

7 1

255 18 6 6 776 7 370 17 349 16 100 — 124 — 300 —

6

6

7

5

49 4 29 5 17 12 101 12 46 11 11 6 8

7

12

4

70

10,000

5

415 10

1

5

543 93 20 —

25 10

343 14

49 — 100 —

42 13

3 9

500 —

1,041 13

26 10 12 12

56 9

59 12 11 15

3

4

if

8f

10

7

6

4

3

n

3

«5

8

4

11

10

-f

To

Passing Navy Accounts, fee*

io W.III. j e jm4x5

To Lord Gallway's, the like - - - * -

To Colonel Lillingfton's, for Disbanding - - . - -

To Brigadier Langston's, for Reducing -

29. To the Troop of Grenadier-Guards, the like ——

To the Lord Gallway's, the like - - - - '

To the Marquis d'Miremont's, for Reducing - - "

December 31. To Colonel Walter Philip Coljear's, the like -

To Walter Cantwell, Depqty Provost Marshal, for his Expences in attending! the General Officers, 9pon the disbanding fevered RegitaehW, iri December > 1697, by Warrapt ----- ----- -J

& % d» 24 — 8

20 ——

1111 6

65 ——

35 11 6

62 6 —

io5 5 7

'25 ——

Remaining in the Earl of Ranelagh's Hands, out of which Payments are' daily making to discharged Staff-Officers, Non-commifconed Officers, and Private Men, as their Accounts are adjusted, and certified by the Colonels, or Agents - - - - 1 - j

232,i?3

17,886

13 1}

6 10$

Ordered, That the said Account do fe upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

Sir Robert Rich, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of what superior Orders have been given for the Palling of any Accounts for the Navy, since the Beginning of the late War; and to whom, and for what Sum and Sums, and for what Services t And also, An Account of what Monies were in the Hands of the

Ranelagh, , £. 250,000 ——

Treafijrer of the Navy, upon the Head of Wages, from the Month of January 1697, to the Month of September last; and of the particular Times when the several Sums were paid to hhn: And also,

A Copy of the I nft ructions to the Commissioners of the Navy.

And the Tides were read.

The said Accounts, and Copy, are as Mow;

The ACCOUNT of superior Orders.

Date of Orders. Whose Account. Sum. What Services.

6Auguft 1691 Mat Miller & 114 18 6 An Order in Council, upon Account of his impressing Men in Cumberland.

21 February 9 i Earl of Pembrook Sir Richard OnllowJ ^,381 -- His Majesty's Order of the 20th of January: Navy-Board were directed to lign Bills on the Treasurer of the Navy, for discharging them of this Sum, as paid by them for 8 Months Pay to the Officers of the Two Marine Regiments; which Account, the Navy-Board say, in their Letter of the 28th of November last, they had examined.

25 J»dy - - 9$ Sir £eo. Rook , - ' , 84 11 6 His Majesty's Order figsifjed by Mr- Bkth waite, he producing Vouchers to the Navy-Board: Disbursements, by the King's Order.

25 February — Edw. RuffcH Esquire J 18,666 — — His Majesty's Order, under his Signet, and Sign Manual, dated the 16 January 1695; Contingencies of the Fleet, from the Year 1691 to 1695.

5 June - 9 J Sir Geo. Rook - - j 309 1 His Majesty's Order, under his Signet and Sign Manual, dated the 23th of April Ian: Intelligence, and other secret Services.

9 March - Lord Berkley* r 1 1 5,009 1 His Majesty's Order, under his Signet, and Sign Manual, dated the 14th December last: Contingencies for the Fleet

Vol. XII.

The

D

cq'

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

0

c§

?r

98

January i69f

ditto.

*3-

*9-

February 3.

8.

22.

March T7*

ditto.

31 ditto.

April 19

May 11.

ditto.

June 28.

July 18.

ditto 21.

29.

August 11.

*9-

25-

27.

September 5.

ditto.

6.

8.

ditto.

,7*

ditto.

*9-

23.

27.

28.

3°.

Debtor.

The said ACCOUNT of MONEY in the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands.

' , . \

1691-

To Balance remaining in the Treasurer's Hands - - 72,397

To Money received for Seaniens Wages-"'- - - - ... 8,000

To ditto received for ditto \- - - - 27,500 — -

To ditto received for ditto - - - . - - - 17,000 — -

To ditto received for Payment of Ships outward-bound. - 11,000 — -

To ditto received for Seamens Wages. - - - 7,000 —

To ditto received for Wages to the Yards - - - 19,000 —

To ditto received for Payment of Ships outward-bound - 10,000 —

To ditto received for Seamens Wages - . 325 3

To ditto received for Wages to Yards, by Malt-Lottery-Tickets 35,024 1

To ditto received for Wages to Seamen, by ditto . - - 17*563 17

To ditto received for ditto* by ditto - - - - . - - 13,177 14

To ditto received for ditto, by Tallies on the Poll-Taxr ' - 12,995 8

To ditto received for ditto, by ditto on the ift 3 Aid. - 9,000 —

To ditto received for ditto, by ditto on the Poll-Tax - 18,200 —

To ditto received for ditto " - h- ' 10,743

To ditto received for ditto ' —; " -" . - 9*710

To ditto received for Payment of Ships bound to the Straits - 82,450

To ditto received for Payment of Ships bound on foreign"!

Voyages .- - - - 1 - - - -J

To ditto received for Wages to Yard'p - 1 - -"

To ditto received for Seamens Wages, by Malt-Lottery-Tickets To ditto received for Payment of Ships bound to the West Indies To ditto received for Wages to Yards - -

To ditto received for Seamens Wagesp-by Tallies otvMar-") riages, &c. - - - - 1 - - - ! -J

To ditto received for ditto, by ditto on ditto -

To ditto received for ditto, by ditto on the Poll-Tax -

To Tallies, on the Credit of the 2,000,0001, subscribed for settling the East India Trade, received for Wages to the Yards - -

To Money received for Payment of Seamens Wages - 0,000

To ditto received for ditto, by Tallies on Marriages, &c. - 6,000

To ditto received for ditto - - - - . - 6,000

To ditto received for ditto, by ditto - - - - 10,000

To ditto received for ditto, by ditto on ditto - -, - 4,000

To ditto received for ditto,.by ditto on the ift 3 Aid - 5,000

d.

7

Creditors. £.

I By Money paid to Seamens Wages in London - 26,776

By ditto paid to ditto at Chatham - - - - 36,155

By ditto paid to ditto at Portsmouth ... - 56,399

By ditto paid to the Yards ----- - 21,957

By ditto paid for Payment of Bills on the Head of Wages 9*298

7

3

April 1.

and June 30.

ift of July, and

30th of Sept. 98.

7

4

12

*9

l9

12

d.

5

4*

Os

z

II

9

By ditto paid to Seamens Wages in London #- 27,112

By ditto paid to ditto at Port&aouth - 23*761

By ditto paid to the Yards - - - 42*934

By ditto paid to Seamens Wages in London - 73,666 10

By ditto paid to ditto at Porumouth - - - - 138,678 14

By ditto paid to the Yards - - - - 3,207 4

By ditto issued for Payment of Bills on the Head of Wages 3,000 —

t

5

9

— 9

By Balance remaining September 98

in the Treasurer's Hands

3othj

463,009, 121,091 10

5

14*584 3

2,500 — 1,430 — 15,000 —

500 — -:

20,000 — —

20,000 ——

6,000 ——

62,000 — —

Total - - £. 584*100 17 11

Note,

That at Michaelmas there was

At Portsmouth

In London

jC-

36,656

*2,434

s.

*9

11

d.

7 it w

- on

Q

1

In Tallies for Payment of Yards 62,000 ——

The Balance m - 121,091 10 —

r*

Total - £. 584,100 17 n

on

vo

jo W. III. 16° Januarii. 417

The aforesaid Copy of Inst ructions i

The Duty of the principal Officers, and Commissioners, of his Majesty's Navy, jointly considered.

TO Consult and Advise together, how to transact all Affairs, tending either to the well-being, or well-governing of his Majesty's Navy, and all subordinate ^iinifters thereof; wherein they are to proceed by Common-Council, and Agreement of most Voices; endeavouring jointly to advance his Majesty's Service, without any private or indire6b End.

II.

They are to propose to their Considerations, the present State and Condition of the Navy, either in respect of the Number of Ships, their Tonage, Manner of Built, Age, Defects, 8$c. or of the Magazine of Stores of all Sorts whatsoever, how furnished loever in the general, or distributed to each particular Yard, where the Service may require their Expence.

III.

They are to consider, what Cordage is fit and requisite for twice mooring, and rigging, and letting to the Seas, all his Majesty's Navy, for Six Months, for home Service; and to state the Number of Tons required, as a competent Quantity for a Magazine of that Provision, to be always in Store, for Supply of all Services: In like manner, they are to proportion a certain Quantity of Masts, Anchors, Sails, Timber, Plank, Rozin, Tar, Deals, §c.to be either lielonging to each Ship, or remaining in Store, as a sufficient Magazine of eaeh Kind, for the Supply of any sudden Service.

IV:

They are to take a general Survey, in all his Majesty's Yards, Ships and Storehouses, of all Provisions then in Store; and compare the Magazine required, and the Survey together; balancing what Part of each Provision is in Store, and what is wanting; and contracting with Merchants for Supply of what is w anting of the full Magazine, if they have Estimate to bear it; or, there be no Eftiinate to maintain the Supply, then to present to the Lord Admi'al the Balance of the Magazine, with the Survey and Demand, in way of an Estimate, for Supply of the Magazines of all Stores that shall appear to be wanting; to be rated and put into Money, as the Market of those Provisions may then be rated to be.

V.

They are to take care, that no Provision of any considerable Quantity, or Price, be served into his Majesty's Stores, without Contract made for the same at a publick Meeting, where both the Provisions, its Quantity, Goodness, Dimensions, and Price, may be maturely scanned, and accordingly specified in the Contract; which being once passed, they are to fend its Copy to the Clerk of the Cheque and Store, subscribed by the Clerk of the Records, with their Commands to them, to compare the Provisions with the Contract, as it shall lie, from time to time served into Store; and if, in point of Quantity, Goodness, and Dimensions, it shall not agree with the Contract, then to refuse its Receipt, and certify their Reasons, under their Hands, to the Officers, of their ttefulal.

VI.

When the Magazine is stated, and the Defects of it supplied by Contracts, they are to consider of an equal Distribution thereof unto all and every of his Majesty's Yards, according to the Number of Ships, either riding in each Harbour, or repairing, or in Likelihood to be repaired, in each Dock or Yai d: that so Abundance may not glut the Stores, and walle the King's Treasure, for want of present Use, in one Yard; or by Wants or Ne-ceffities, either in unnecessary Charge of Supply from another Yard, or the Supply of more than the Magazine, at an exeeflive Rate, from a private Man's Store or Yard.

VII.

They are, by themselves, or Purveyors, at the Season of the Year when the East-Country Commodities come into the River, to inquire the Market-Price of all those; Vql. XII.

Provisions, as Malts, Deals, Spars, Hetnp, Tar, Pitch, 8gc. and then to buy where there is belt, and best cheap; not lying themselves to any particular Man; nor to suffer the Goods to be first delivered into the Yards before the ContraCl made, (but Inspection to be in the Yards after, to lee whether they are according to Contract) left, after the Delivery in, the Merchant may, by undue Means, induce the inferior Instruments in the Yards, which he will then have Knowledge of, to give such Testimony of them as may delude the Officers in their ContraCl, and induce the giving exorbitant Rates.

VIII.

They are to take Order, that an Invoice be weekiy brought them, from the Custom-house, of such Goods as have been entered,. and are useful to the Navy, with the Names of the Merchants who entered them; that lb the Purveyors may not delude them with Pretence of Scarcity, when Choice may be had; or oblige them to one Merchant, when divers might afford more Choice, and easier Rates.

IX.

It being supposed, that, of late times, Persons employed in the Affairs of the Navy, and many inferior Officers in the Navy, traded for such Commodities as w'ere used in the Navy, they are, from the ill Consequences of it, to take care, that neither themselves, nor any inferior Officers in the Navy, trade in any such Commodities, or any w'ay go share with any Merchant, in any way, for Commodities sold to the Navy; and, if any shall be detected so to do, they are to iuform the Lord Admiral of it, that such Officers may be distniffed the Service; since it is more than probable, that such Practices, if allowed, would make way for serving, and receiving in, unfit Commodities, and at exorbitant Rates.

X.

Once every Year they are seasonably to present to the Lord High Admiral an Estimate, under their Hands, of the whole Charge of all his Majesty's Navy, in Harbour, both for Victuals and Wages; distinguishing the particular Charge of each Yard; that so Assignments may be settled by the Lord Treasurer, to the Treasurer of the Navy; and thereby all Clamour from poor Men, for want of their Pay be prevented: In like manner, upon all extraordinary Services in setting to the Seas, all or any of his Majesty's Ships, distinguish' Time and Place of Service, home or remote, according as they shall receive Command from the Lord High Admiral.

XI.

They are, from time to time, to' direct, by Instructions under their Hands, all inferior Ministers of the Navy, such as the Clerks of the Store, Cheque, Master*Attendant, Master-Shipwrights, and their Assistants, Boatswains, Pursers, Gunners, Cooks, Porters, <$r. how to govern themselves in their several Places, for the best Advantage of his Majesty's Service, and Welfare of the Navy; and, at all times, to carry a strict Watch over them, that they observe their Commands therein; and, upon all Demands, to be able- to render an Account to them Of their several Demeanors in each several Service, falling within the Compass of their several Flaces and Duties; wherein they are to use their utmost Care and Power, as to enable themselves, in the particular Ways and Duties of each Minister acting under them; so to discover who are honest, diligent, and a Clive, in and for his Majesty s Service; and who are careless, unfaithful, and rernifs; and accordingly to commend the one to the Lord High Admiral for Preferment, as Places may fall; and, certify against the other for- the- Cheque, Sulpension, or Dil-mission, from the Service, as to the Lord High Admiral shall seem fitting.

XU.

They are to issue all Warrants to the Victualler, for his Supply of Victuals of all Sorts, for all extra Services, and, at the End of each Service, or the Year, to cancel their Warrants, and sign his Accounts, to be fairly di-gefted into a Ledger-Book, giving him Allowance, according to the Articles let down in his Contract, of all

5 O Victuals

Navy Cota-

missionets

litftrudions*

4i$

i 6" Januarii.

Ji.169 % 1

K^vy Com- Victuals exploded either upon their own Warrants for Sea Victuals, or the Clerks of the Cheques for the ordinary or extra petty Warrants; wherein they are to take great Care, and be able to trace by themselves, and not their Clerks, first, the Account by the Warrants; then the Warrants by the Sea* Books; and then the Sea-Books by the Muster- Books, which oftentimes vary; left want of Care and Experience in the Officers to search, or find out, those Savings for the King, which the Variety of the Services may admit, both in respect of Time, Number of Men, Short-Entries, Ante-Discharges, Runaways, Exchanging of Victuals, Supply of other Ships, should procure much Damage to the King, in the Victualler's Accounts: They are also to be able to charge the Victualler with all Remains returned, all Rents received, and all other Abatements whatsoever, which, on the King's behalf, are to be made on the Victualler's Account.

XIII.

They are, for the more Benefit of the Subject, to live as near together as conveniently they may; and appoint, and publish, certain and known Times for their meeting at the Navy-Office, twice every Week at the least, to hear and determine, consult ana advise, upon all Affairs and Causes whatsoever, recommended by the Lord High Admiral to their Care, or otherwise proper to their Power m Trust: And, for the more easy ana more methodical carrying on his Majesty's Service' (the late Enlargement of the Navy-Office permitting it) the Comptroller, Surveyor, and Clerk of the Afits, are to keep aiftinct Offices within the Navy-Office, where they are to keep allTranf-actions belonging to their particular Duties, methodically digested in Books; that so, the Duties of the several Officers relating the one to the other, each Officer, as he shall have Occasion, may the better inspect the Transactions of the others: And they are also to meet, at convenient Times and Seasons of the Year, ip all or any of his Majesty's Yards, totranfact all Affairs proper to each Yard, and take an Account of Storekeepers, 8$c.

XIV.

They are to attend all Payments, rate (controul the Rating of) all Wages, make Contracts, take Account of all Purveyors, Ape. give Rewards for all Piloting, Land and Water-carriage, Travelling Charges, fife.; warrant the Treasurer in all Issues of his Majesty's Treasury; and, at the End of every Year, sign his Accounts, and can-del their own Warrants; warrant all Storekeepers for the Receipt and issuing all Provisions; and once every Year balance their Accounts.

XV.

They are not to pass any Bill for any Provision whatsoever, though never so small, without the same Bill be first drawn to their Hands by the Clerk of the Cheque of that Yard where the said Provision is served, and the same Bill vouched both by the Clerk of the Cheque and Storekeeper there attending, signifying the Receipt of it into his Majesty's Stores; excepting the same of Purveyance, where, in regard the same Purveyor may, and oftentimes doth, serve Timber, Plank, <yc. into sundry of his Majesty's Yards, and is to have other Allowances, more than the Price of the Provisions served, the Certificate of the Storekeeper, and Clerk of the Cheque, is sufficient to lead the Officers to give Allowance for that Provision, by making the Bills themselves, provided they tpke care to affix the Storekeeper's Certificate to the Bill, and to charge the Storekeeper, upon the Balance of his Accounts, lo to be at all times shewed, as the Ground of ther passing the Purveyor's Bill.

XVI.

They are not to pass any Bill, or pay any Wages, by way of Innovation, beyond the Precedent of the Office, without either acquainting the Lord High Admiral therewith, or a serious Debate thereof, at a publick full Meeting, weighing the Equity of all Circumstances, either for or against it; that so his Majesty's Treasure be not wasted by the private Opinions or favour of One or Two Officers; whole Act being Warrant to the Treasurer, and it)

that Warrant a Precedent and Record in his Accounts to succeeding Officers, may much prejudice the Service/

XVII.

No Provision whatsoever ought to be paid for by Bill, from all of any of the Officers, without a Certificate from the Storekeeper and Clerk of the Cheque of that Yard where it is served, of the Goodnels of that Provision, if fold without a Contraft; or, if served by a Contraft, both of the Goodnels, Length, Breadth, Depth, Size, Colour, erDefects thereof, and all other Circumstances whatsoever, which may or do vary the Goodnels, and so the? Price, of that Material.

XVIII.

They are to be able to trace one another in their distinct and several Duties; having, as a particular Trust of such an Officer; viz. the Treasurer, Comptroller, fife.;

so the general Trust of an Officer; which extends (in point of Trull and Ability to trace) to the Duty of each' particular Officer; so as the Surveyor may, or ought, if need be, comptrol the Comptroller, in point of Rating or Allowance, if he conceive him, either out of Friend-ship, or other Ends, to give more than is fitting; so also the Treasurer may refuse Payments of Bills sufficiently warranted; thus likewise the Comptroller may consult all Survey-Books, and balance all Boatswains and Carpenters Accounts; and so all may inspect each others Actions by their general Power, as Officers; there being no Difference in their Trust, though otherwise a Distinctkm iq their Places, and particular Duties.

XIX.

They are, by themselves, or their Clerks, once every Quarter, and oftener, if need be, to muster all Ships employed in the narrow Seas, or in any other Servico wherein there is not a particular Muster-master, dated by Warrant from the Lord High Admiral, to execute that Duty; returning under their Hands, or the Hands of their Clerks, exact Musters to the Treasurer, or his Pay-master, according to which he may, from time to time, trace all Tickets or Passes, for Men discharged before the Pay; and, at the Pay, the Pursers Sea-Books for all Mens Names, Entries, Discharges, and Attendance, that shall come to receive their Pay; and thereby right the King in all Arrearages that may happen either by the Ignorance^ Neglect, or Wilfulness, of the Purser.

XX.

In like manner they arc, by themselves, or their Clerks, to take and keep Musters and Counter Books, with the Clerk of the Cheque, for all extra Men entered upon alt or any of his Majesty's Ships, commanded to the Seas, during the Time they are in petty Warrant; vouching, together with the Clerks of the Cheque, according to their said Musters, all petty Warrants, Warrants of Increase, 8$c. for Victuals, for all extra Men serving in each Ship respectively.

The Treasurer's Duty.

X*

TO receive and pay all such his Majesty's Treasure, as by his Patent, or other sufficient Warrant, he shall be enabled to receive and issue for his Majesty's Naval Affairs, whether ordinary or extra, remote, or home Service.

II.

To sign all Estimates and Contrafts, as thereby ta in-, duce the Lord High Admiral, and his Fellow-Officers, to warrant his Payments, according to their particular Demands and Agreements; so tofignify, both to the Lord. High Admiral, and them, his own Judgment and Coo-sent therein, in case of future Queries, either for their Making, Apprailing, or Payment.

III.

At the End of every Year, to digest his Account, for that Year, in Ledger-Books, fairly written for the rest of the Officers signing; bating all Books and Bills, either for Wages or Provisions, upon the proper Heads and Titles of each Service proper to that Year; that so it may appear what, and how much, Imth been paid upon

each

- OQIQ

JO W.III.

15" Jamarii.- 419

each Service, what is yet to pay, why it was not paid, $c. and such Course be taken, either for the Receipt or Payment, as shall, upon Consideration, be thought fit.

IV.

Upon the passing of all Estimates, for ordinary or extra Service, to solicit the passing the Privy-Seals proper to each Eliimate, and settling either the Payment, or Affiliation for the Payment, of such Monies as are by the Privy-Seals warranted to be paid to him, out of his Majesty's Revenue; that so the Service may neither be retarded, nor Men discouraged for want of Monies to pay and discharge them, from time to time, according to the various Occasion of Each Service, or Necessity of the Men employed therein.

V.

Once every Year, or oftner, if need be, to remonstrate, under his Hand, to the Lord High Admiral, the State of all Services, and of his Assignations and Payments of all Monies proper to those Services, for the present-Year; that lb the Lord High Admiral may be enabled to satisfy his Majesty, upon all Commands, in all Points respecting his particular Trait and Place, and take such Order for more speedy Payments, certain Assignments, or further Demands or Surcharges, as, upon View thereof, shall appear to be requisite for his Majesty's Service.

VL

He is not, by himself, or his Deputy, to pay, or fbffer to be paid, any Bill or Allowance whatsoever, where either the King, or the Party to whom the same is due, may be damnified; although the same Allowance may be warranted by One or Two of his Fellow Officers, according to the Tenor of his Patent, or the usual Course of the Officers of the Navy.

VII.

To be present at, and attend, all or moll of the Payments of the Ships, or other great Payments whatsoever, vespecting Wages, as to right the Subject in all lawful Demands; so to see that his Majesty's Treasure be truly and punctually paid, according to those Rates and Allowances settled by his Majesty, for Sea Services, or by the Discretion of himself, and his Fellow Officers, to whom the Trust of the Disposition and Payment thereof is committed.

VIII.

At the End of every Year, he is to charge himself, on ffie Front of the Ledger, with all Abatements, or other Receipts or Discounts of Monies, paid him out of any Bills, Books, or any other Allowances, proper to that Year's Account; that so the Auditor may add the same to his other Charge, out of the Receipt of the Exchequer, and balance his Account accordingly.

Gentlemen,

UPON Report made to the Council-Board, from myself, and the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, to whom, and others of the Lords of the Council, with your Assistance, the same was referred, by Order of the Council-Board, touching the Drawing up of some Instructions, hi Explanation of, and Addition to, the ancient Instructions of the Lord High Admiral to the Treasurer of the Navy; which Report being read, and debated, at the fitid Council-Board, his Majesty present, and yourselves attending the feme, was approved; and thereupon his Majesty, present in Council, was pleased, by his Order of the 6th of September instant, to direct, That the said In-struClions, as they were so reported, and are hereunto annexed, should from thenceforward be held obliging, as well to every of yourselves in general, as to the Treasurer, and Comptroller of the Treasurer of the Navy's Accounts, in particular; and that therefore myself, now Lord High Admiral, and that the Lord High Admiral for the Time being, shall, from time to time hereafter, fee the feme duly observed by every one of your Board, in pursuance of his Majesty's said Order in Council:

I desire you will take great care, That the said Instructions to the Treasurer of the Navy, hereunto annexed, be, from time to time, and at all times hereafter, strictly . VoLfXII.

observed, and put in Execution* as is , required and di- Navy Coat* re&ed by his Majesty's laid Order in Council. missionai*

St. James, 25 Sept, Your affectionate Friend*

1671. Jamei

Instructions to the Trfeafiiter of the Nary.

THE Treasurer of the Navy for the Time being shall, upon Saturday in every Week, deliver to the Boom of the Navy, in Writing under his Hand, a perfect Ac*" count of what Monies, or Assignments for Monies, be hath received within the said Week; and bow much of the said Monies, or Assignments* or any former Monies, or Assignments, are at that Day remaining in his Hands;

Specifying also, as well the particular Fund or Assignment upon which the said Monies were paid him, as the Fund upon which every of the said Assignments, so received, of resting in his Hands, are placed.:

II.

The like Certificate he is, in the same manner, under his Hand, to deliver weekly to the Board, of each Payment by him made within the said Week, whether by Bill, Book, Ticket, or other Warrant; specifying the Name of the Person to whom, the Nature and Date of the Warrant upon which the said Payment was made* with the Value of each Sum paid; as also what Part thereof, if any, was made by delivering up of Assignments instead of Money; and what such particular Assignments were.

III.

Which Certificates are, after Perusal by the Board, to be by them put into the Hands of the Lord Viscount Brounlcer, or such other Person, for the Time being, as shall be intrusted with that Part of the Duty of Comptroller of the Navy, which respects the comptrolling the Accounts of the Treasurer thereof; in order to the en* abling him, at all times, to inform the Lord High Ad* miral, Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, and the said Board, in all tilings relating to the Treasure, Expence, or Debt, of the Navy.

IV.

Which Certificates are also to be made in such Form as shall, from time to time, be directed to the Board, by the Lord High Admiral, Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or by the said Board itself-t and to be, at all times, vouched by the Books Of the said Treasurer, as often as either the Board of the Navy, or Comptroller of the Treasurer's Accounts in particular, shall think fit to call for, and compare, the fame.

V.

And, for preventing the great Inconveniencies which may arise by the Treasurer's disposing of any Order of Assignment, or other Fund, which may have been, by the Board, otherwise pre-engaged, the Treasurer of the Navy is ftriCkly forbid to dispose of any Assignments, whether for raffing of Money, or satisfying of Debts, without Direction first given turn, at the Board, by Three or more of the said principal Officers and Commissioners, whereof the abovesaid Comptroller of the Treasurer's Accounts to be One.

VI.

That as no Payment whatsoever is, by the present Prae-i tice of the Navy, to be made by the Treasurers thereof, without Warrant from under Three or more of the Hands of the rest of the principal Officers and Commissioners of the Navy, (the same of Tickets excepted, which, after due Examination in the said Comptroller's Office, are, by the Practice of the Navy, made payable by the Treasurer, upon the single Hand of the said Comptroller, o in his Absence, of any other principal Officer or Coro-missioner of the Navy); so shall no Payment whatsoever, whether by Bill, Ticket, or other Warrant, be made by the Treasurer, though otherwise folly warranted thereto, as above, where the Fund out of which, and the Order in which, the said particular Payments are to be made, is not (petrified upon the said Bills, Ticket, or other Warrant,

under

Navy Com-

miflioMra

laftru&iooa.

440 i6° Januarii.A. 1608.

under the Hand of the said Comptroller: And in case the said Treasurer of the Navy shall, either in any of the said weekly Certificates, or at the Time of his passing his* Accounts, be found to bring to Account any Payments by him made, either without, or contrary to, the Course directed, as above, the Comptroller abovesaid (to whom the Care of seeing his Majesty's Pleasure in this Article obeyed, is, in an especial manner, committed) shall not give any Allowance of the said Payments to the -Treasurer of the Navy, in the Balance of his said Certificates, or Accounts, until the said Comptroller, upon reporting the lame, in Writing, to the Board, shall, from them, receive the Lord High Admiral, the Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, their Directions therein j nor is any Bill, Book, Ticket, or Warrant, so signed and directed, to be by the Treasurer, upon any Consideration, denied or delayed in its Course of Payment, otherwise than for so long as shall be necessary for his representing to the Board any Error which he may happen to discover therein.

VIL

And, for Ihe Treasurer's better Guidance herein, those of the said principal Officers and Commissioners who, by their Places, are concerned in the keeping Entries of all Bills, Tickets, or other Warrants, for Payment of Monies, are, before their Entering of any such Bills, Ticket, or Warrant, in their respective Offices, to see that the Comptroller of the Treasurer's Accounts, as above, hath, to their Satisfaction, affixed, in Writing, in the Margin of each said Bill, Ticket, or Warrant, the Course wherein, and Fund upon which, the said Bill, Ticket, or Warrant, is to be paid; observing, as to the Course, such Instruc- tions as are, or from time to time hereafter shall be, given to the Board, by the Lord High Admiral, Lord Treasurer, or Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, for their Method in Payments; and, as to the Fund, the Service to which the said Bill or Warrant appertains, and the Privy-Seals, or Alignments, properly appointed thereto.

VIII.

For the more regular Obtaining of which Privy-Seals and Alignments, and the better enabling the Treasurer of the Navy to perform his Duty in soliciting for the feme thereby, as well to enable the Officers of the Navy timely to proceed upon any Works or Services required from them by his Majesty, or the Lord High Admiral, as to prevent the great Increase of Charge his Majesty is otherwise subjected unto, of keeping Seamen and Workmen in unnecessary Pay, for want of Money to discharge them; the aforesaid Comptroller is, from time to time, seasonably to prepare proper Estimates of the Charge of all such Works and Services, as aforesaid, and which are not provided for in any former Estimate; which particular Estimates, together with the general annual Estimate of the ordinary Charge of the Navy, being, from time to time, so prepared by the said Comptroller, and presented to his Fellow-Officers, they are after their Examination, and Signings thereof, to deliver to the Treasurer of the Navy, in order to his presenting them first to the Lord High Admiral, for his Approval, and Signing also, according to the present Practice of the Navy; and then soliciting the Lord Treasurer, or the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury for the Time being, for Supplies of Monies answerable thereto.

IX.

That the Treasurer of the Navy shall, for the future, be paid by Salary, and not by Poundage; who, in the same Condition of Trust, Quality, and Power, wherewith the rest, without Distinction, perform their joint Duties of Officers of the Navy, though each in his particular Place subservient to the Judgment and Direction of the Whole, shall fit with, advise, vote, and join, in the Execution of all Matters relating to the joint Duties of that Office, saving in the Making or Signing to Contracts, Bargains, Bills, Tickets, or other Acts of the Board, upon which any Monies are to be issued or paid: And, in his particular Place, as Treasurer of the Navy, he is, by himself, or, in his necessary Absence, his Cashier, to at-

tend all Meetings of the Board, there to give Satisfaction to, or receive Directions from, the said Board, in all Matters relating to his Office.

X.

- And, as well for the more certain and speedy Dispatch of all Orders directed to the said Treasurer from the Lord High Admiral, or the Board, in the Intervals of their publick Meetings, as for the greater Ease and Satisfaction of the Merchants, Seamen, and others, concerned in attending the said Treasurer, and his Office, he is, as the rest; of the said principal Officers by the Admiral's Instructions are already obliged, to make the House and Office, provided by his Majesty for that Purpose, the Place of his constant Residence and Habitation; and to be accountable for the Actions of every the Payinafter, Cashier, Clerks, and other instruments, by him to be employed therein.

XL

That, for the Removing of the several Inconveniencies arising from the Interfering of Accounts between the Treasurer and the Victuallers of the Navy, occasioned by their separate Receipt of the Monies allotted for the common Expence thereof, the Treasurer of the Navy shall from henceforth receive and issue, as well all Monies appointed for the Use of the Victualling, as for any other Part of his Majesty's Marine Service: and, in the soliciting, receiving, issuing, and accounting for the fame, to proceed in the feme manner he is obliged in other Cafes to do.

XII.

And, for the better preventing, for the future, the just Clamour of the poor Mariners belonging to the Chest at

Chatham, for want of the seasonable and full Payment of the Monies defalked out of the Pay of those serving his Majesty at Sea; also the Inconveniency his Majesty's Service often suffers in the Unhealthinefe of the Seamen abroad, by the want of Cloaths, arising from the like ill Payments of the further Defalcations made out of their Pay, for the Use of the Slop-feller; the Treasurer of the Navy shall, at the Payment of the Wages of every Seaman, whether by Book or Ticket, actually reserve in his Hands, and from thenceforth be accountable to the Chest, Minister, or Surgeon, for their several Proportions and Shares in the 12 d.customarily defaulted out of the monthly Wages of each Seamen serving his Majesty, and to the Slop-feller, for what Monies shall or ought to be stopped out of any Man's Pay upon the Account of Cloaths 8$c.; and the feme to be always ready to pay to the several Parties interested, without Delay, taking the Receipt of every the said Parties, as the only Voucher upon which he is to be allowed the same in the Balance of his Accounts.

The Comptroller's Duty.

I.

TO attend all Payments of Wages to Seamen, Shipwrights, Caulkers, 8$c.; and, with Advice with his Fellow-Officers, if they be there, to trace, or otherwise comptrol, the Rating of all Wages, rateable either by his Fellow-Officers, Master-Shipwright, Master-Caulker, Joiner, or Carver, in case, upon Sight of the Parties rated, he finds too little, or too much, given them, in the King's or their own Wrong.

To inform himself, and the other Officers, from time to time, at what Rates all Provisions for the Ships are fold in the Market, and what is commonly paid by the Subject; for Battalage, Workmanship, Labourers Hire, Attendance, and such like Charges; and to fee those usual Prices be not exceeded in rating any Bills of Payment to be made by the King.

III.

To peruse and examine the Storekeeper's Books, at the End of every Quarter; and, at the End of every Year, to take a general Audit of their Accounts of all Provisions received and issued, and expended, upon alt Works and Services proper for that Year; distinguishing

the

io W. III. 16° Januarii. 431

the Warrants both for Receipts and Issues, upon every particular Head proper to each particular Service; and presenting to his Fellow-Officers the Balance both of the general Store, and particular Expence of each Service; that so the same may be either allowed by the Board, and kept as a Record in the Office, as reasonable, and according to Warrant, or further scanned and debated, as the Service may require.

IV.

To be present at all Meetings, and principal in all Ratings, or Allowances, to be given as Rewards to Pilots, or others, for Travelling-charges, Water-carriage, Purveyance, fife.; and, by and with the Consent of his Fellow-Officers, to rate all Bills of Provision already served into Store, or make Contracts for the Rate and Service of any Provision for the future: In all which, as his Place of Comptroller gives him a more special Interest, both to lead the rest of his Fellow-Officers, and to controul their Act, if there be just Ground and Cause; lo likewise the other his Fellow-Officers, as before, in their general Duties, are neither excluded from advising, nor yet from controuling him, when, either from his Inexperience, Infidelity, or otherwise, the Service or Subject may be prejudiced, or his Majesty's Treasure, without just Ground, given away.

V.

To be First, not only by Priority of Place, but of Duty, that shall sign the Treasurer's Accounts, and cancel all Bills and Books, digelted into his Leiger-Book; the better to enable him, upon Sight of all Books and Bills, to controul all wilful Neglects and Oversights in the Treasurer himself, or his Fellow-Officers, in all Payments made proper to those Accounts.

VL

To state upon all Bills and Debentures to be passed by himself, or his Fellow-Officers, the Titles or Heads upon which those Bills are proper, according to the Estimate of the Service for which those Provisions were supplied; as to govern the Treasurer in disposing them to their proper Place or Service; so to enable himself to keep his Controul or Counter-Book of the Treasurer's Account exact and even, in the Expence and Issues of each Store.

VII.

To prepare and keep, fair written and ingrossed, a Leiger-Book or Books of Controul of the Treasurer and Victualler's Accounts; that so, at the Signing of them, he may he the better able to trace them; and, after they are signed, there may be a Record in the Office, to con-fult, upon all Occasions, both the Rate of Provisions, the Precedent of Rewards, Travelling-Charges, Purveyance, or other Allowances, at any time given, to any Man, for any Service whatsoever.

VIII.

To be able, by his Compter-Book (to be always kept exact with the Treasurer and Victualler), to satisfy the Lord High Admiral, upon all Commands, what, and how much Money the Treasurer and Victualler hath issued upon all or any Service proper to that Year; and to render a Reason of the Greatness or Shortness of that Expence; and cheque the Treasurer, in case, upon his Re-monflrance premised in his particular Duty, he shall insert more paid than indeed is paid, or more required to be paid than the Service may expend.

IX.

To keep a distinct Account of all Imprefts passed to all Purveyors, or others; and, upon the Balance of each particular Service, to abate and defalk the Imprefts formerly paid; as to prevent all double Payments; so to enable himself the better to trace the Treasurer's Accounts, and know what is paid, imprested, and cleared, upon every particular Service, and what is yet uncleared; calling upon the Parties to balance their Accounts; and charging the Treasurer with what remains in his Hands, proper to all or any particular Service for that or any preceding Year.

X.

To copy all Estimates, Privy-Seals, Assignations, or other Orders for Monies, from time to time passed, and Vot. XII.

allowed unto the Treasurer and Victualler, for any Ser- NavyCom-vice whatsoever; and once every Quarter, or oftener, if he missioner* thinks fit, to consult the Treasurer's and Victualler's Ac- Ipftru&ow. counts, and fee what, and how much, of those Monies assigned they have received; that so he may, by his Warrant- Bills, and Compter-Book, compare the Issues and Receipts together, and be able to satisfy the Lord High Admiral the State of present Services in the Navy, together with what Treasure remains in their Hands, what is unreceived of their Assignments, or required to perfect the Work in hand.

XI.

To balance, as an Auditor, the State of the Treasurer and Victualler's Accounts, from the first Entry into their Places, or the Determination of their last declared Accounts, to the End and Determination of the present Year; thereby to discover whether there be any of his Majesty's Treasure remaining in either of their Hands; and, upon Discovery, to inform the Lord High Admiral thereof; that fb he may settle the Payment upon the Discharge of succeeding Services j and thereby lave to his Majesty other Assignments or Interests to the Treasurer upon Anticipation, $c.

The Surveyor's Duty.

To present, at the End of every Year, to his Fellow-Officers, what he conceives a fit Proportion of Hemp,

Tar, Mails, Canvas, Deals, Timber, Boats, Anchors, and other Provisions, for a Magazine for his Majesty's Navy, for the Year succeeding; what thereof he finds in Store, upon the Survey-Book, or the Balance of the Storekeeper's Accounts; and what is to be supplied, of all kinds, for Service.

II.

Upon Survey, taken by himself, the Master-Shipwright, Master-Attendants, and their Assistant9, attending, to present to his Fellow-Officers, once every Year, the true State of all the Hulls, Masts, and Yards, of all his Majesty's Ships and Vessel, with an Estimate of the Value of the Repair, or Carpentry-work; that so, upon Con-fit leration taken thereof by the Body of the Office, the Lord High Admiral may be moved therein; and such Course taken therein, for the Ransacking, Grounding,

Graving, Docking, Mooring, and Repairing, of them respectively, as to the Lord High Admiral shall be thought most convenient for his Majesty's best benefit.

III.

To take care, by himself, or his Instruments, that all Provisions served into his Majesty's Stores be surveyed, in their several Conditions, both for Goodness, Length,

Breadth, and Depth, according as either such Provisions ought to be, and have, in their several Kinds, or according to such Contrafts as shall lie made by and betw een himself and his Fellow-Officers, for and on the behalf of the King, and the Venders of them, respectively; that so, before the Bills be passed for the Price of any Provisions whatsoever, himself, and his Fellow-Officers may be able to moderate the Price, and right the King for all Dete&s certified on the Back-fide of the Bill, respefiling either Goodness or Dimension of each particular Provision.

IV.

To keep an exa€t Account of all Provisions whatsoever that shall, by himself, or the Warrant of all or any of his Fellow-Officers, the Commander of a Fleet, or any private Captain of any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels, jg case of Necessity, or for the Supply or Accommodation of private Service, be lent out of his Majesty's Stores,

Yards, or Ships; and, at the End of every Year, to present to his Fellow-Officers the said Account, under his own Hand, for all Loans in general for that Year, attested with the Hands of all Store-keepers, Clerks of the Cheque,

Captains, Boatswains, 8$c. that either warranted or issued each particular Loan; that so, upon Confutation thereof it may appear to the Body of the Office, both what hath been lent that Year; what thereof is returned into Store; and if any be not returned, it may be recorded with the

5 P Clerk

Navy Com-

CQiffiooert

laftnuftoiu.

422 160 Januarii.{ 1698.

Clerk of the Acts, and the Messengers lent to the Parties, or other Order taken, for the Righting of his Majesty, as shall be thought convenient

He is, by Indenture, to charge all Boatswains and Carpenters with all Provisions issued to them for Rigging, Ground-tackle, or Sea-Stores, when any of his Majesty's Ships or Vessels are commanded to the Seas; and, at the End of every Voyage, to compare and balance their Expences with their Issues and Returns, upon Survey; calling unto his Assistance the Master-Attendants and Malter-Shipwrights, for that which concerns them in their several Motions and Places respectively; and, at the-End of every Year, make a publick Declaration thereof to the rest of his. Fellow-Officers; that fa they may, if they please, inspect his Trust, and, together with him, either allow the said Accounts to be recorded as moderate, for such a Service, or question those Boatswains and Carpenters whose Expence shall appear to be exorbitant.

VI.

He is to keep a Survey-Book of all the Rigging, Ground-tackle, Furniture, Stores, and other Provisions, issued or belonging to all or any of his Majesty's Ships commanded to the Seas; and at their Return, upon a new Survey taken, and Allowance of the Boatswain's and Carpenter s Expence for the Voyage, to charge the Storekeeper with what shall appear to be returned upon each Ship respectively; and either deliver the same on Shore to the Storekeeper, or in Charge to the Boatswain or Carpenter, who are to give their Hands to the Storekeeper for the lame; specifying in the said Book of Survey, the Length, Goodness, and Use, of each particular Provision; that lo, upon all Demands, the Magazine in Store may be stated both for Quantity and Quality, and Care taken of a leasonable Supply of the Defects thereof, for the succeeding Year, as the Number of Ships, or pre-rent Service, may require.

VII.

To survey all his Majesty's Store-houses, Yards, Docks, Wharfs, Gates, and all other Passages; and, at the End or Beginning of every Year, to present to his Fellow-Officers, under his own and the Master-Attendant's and Master-Shipwright's Hands, what they conceive fitting to be new-built, repaired, and enlarged, and what the Charge of each particular Expence will arise unto; that lo the same may be included in the ordinary Estimate for the Year ensuing, or otherwise demanded in an Estimate for the particular extra Charges thereof.

VIII.

Whereas the Business of the Surveyor, by the Increase of the Navy, and by its lying in several Places far distant, it is impossible for the Surveyor to execute it wholly by himself, but must rely much upon his Instruments: For -the better Security of his Majesty's Service, it is always to be understood, that when the Duty of the Surveyor shall be executed by any Clerk of the Survey, the Surveyor nor any principal Officer or Commissioner being present, that the Clerk of the Survey shall not give Warrant for any Issues, nor allow the Accounts of any Boatswain or Carpenter, without the Advice and Approbation of the Master-Attendant, or Master-Shipwright, respectively; and, in case of extraordinary Expence, not to allow it without first acquainting the Surveyor, who, if he fee Cause, may acquaint his Fellow-Officers with it

The Clerk of the Navy his Duty.

NOT to be absent, but in case of Necessity, at af\y publick Meeting of the rest of his Fellow-Officers; as to record all Orders, Bills, Contracts, Warrants, and other Business transacted that Day; so to present to them, and their Considerations, in a'Lift fairly written, whatsoever Suits, Controversies, Commands, or Complaints, Demands for Supply of Stores, Warrants, Estimates, Contracts, Tenders of Sale, 8$c. that shall be required, or were before that Meeting, by Petition or otherwise, proffered, or depending before them, and had not received

a full Issue, or final Determination, from the Board, ik their last or former Meeting.

II.

To present to the rest of his Fellow-Officers the present Market, Or Price, of all manner of petty Provisions, proper and requisite to the Expence of the Naval Affairs; the Place where, the Men from whom, the same may, at all times be best had, and best cheap; and especially, the Price of those Provisions that are at present necessary to be supplied, and wanting in Store, for pressing Services; that so his Majesty be not forced, for want of true and timely Information of the Market, to give exorbitant Price, and take his Commodities, without Choice, from one Man, when as divers Men, ‘that have the same Materials, would gladly serve cheaper and better.

HI.

It hath formerly been esteemed Part of the Duty of the Clerk of the Acts to purvey petty Emptions: But since the Navy, and the Business thereof, hath increased, they have not been able to do ft, and perform the other Parts of their Duty: And therefore, for the future, as to that Regard, it shall be their Part to supervile the Performance of such as are appointed to purvey all petty Emptions, from time to time required, for the Supply of the Stores for present Service; wherein they are to be directed by him, according to the quarterly or monthly Certificate, from the Storekeepers, of the Want of each Yard respectively; and to act by the Warrant of Two or more of the principal Officers: And the Clerk of the Acts is to call on the Persons so appointed, to render an Account of all their Actions unto the principal Officers, and pass their Bills for Emptions, once every Year at the least, producing the Warrants of the principal Officers, the Storekeepers Demands, and the Parties Receipts from whom he purveyed or bought, with Specification of the Time, Quantity, Rate, and Goodness, of each Provision,

IV.

The Clerk of the Acts is to take care, that, upon all Wants, there may, by the Purveyors or others, be several Persons proposed for furnishing the feme; that so, through want of Information, the King may not be forced to buy of any particular Man, and be thereby enabled to exact upon the King.

To keep an exact Record of all Conclusions, Orders, Petitions, Debates, Estimates, Warrants, Letters, Answers, 8$c. agitated at all Meetings; that so, from time to time, there may be Precedents produced of the Opinion of the Board in like case; and the Subject, upon all Accidents of Fire, and other Miscarriages, or Miflaying of their Bills, Books, Warrants, 8$c. may know where to find true Copy of the Original, the Time of the passing it, before and by whom, with other the like Circumstances, leading the Officers to his Redress.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts and Instructions be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Conyers, according to Ofder, reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the speedy and effectual disbanding the Forces in and

Ireland was committed, ‘ the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Billwhich he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table*: Wheije the same were once read throughout; and then a, Seconal time, one by one; and, upon the Question fqveratly put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And, other, Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.' ,

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments,' be ingrossed. J I'..,

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Alil& Cook and Sir John Franklyn: 1

\ i ‘

/Mr.

Disbanding the Army.

Earl of Dar-wfntwater'a Mate.

Lepella Nat.

Distillation from Coro.

State of the Navy.

Tone Navigation.

Ditto.

ibW. III.

i6‘

I J&riudrii. 423

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act EarlofDar-Act for for the more easy- and certain Payment of the Debts of wwitwater'* of Ed- Edward Earl of Darwe.rttuatcr', by Sale of Woods and

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An the more easy and certain Payment of the Debts ward Earl of Daneentoeater, by Sale of Woods and Tim- Timber; and for enabling him to raise Money for Dif-

ber; and for enabling him to raise Money for Discharge of Incumbrances upon Part of his Estate: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the naturalizing Nicholas without any Amend-

ment.

' And then the Messengers withdrew.

charge of I ncumbrances upon Part of his Estate; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next

OrdeThat Leave be given to bring in a' Bill, That Offiren and the Soldiers who have been, tmd shall be, disbandCd, 'dler810 may let up and exercise Trades in Cities and Corpora- trades*

A Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low tion6: And that Mr. and Sir Copley do

Wines, from Corn; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers ;prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

was, according to Order, read a Second time:

And a Debate arising thereupon;

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eleven a Clock.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, concerned in Woollen Ma-the Woollen Manufacture, in the County of on ""kctur*.

behalf of themselves, and many others concerned in the same Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the old Fast- Company are, by his Majesty's Charter to them, obliged to export yearly 100,000l. worth of Manufactures of the Growth of A land; which has been 'done, to the great Advantage of And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow this Nation, and particularly to the Woollen Manufacture;

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Morning,

Eight a Clock.

Martis, 17* die Januarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ETER Barailleau took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

but, the last Section of the last Parliament, an Act was passed, wherein the Trade to India was given to such Persons as should l'ublcribe to raise Two Millions of Money, at 8/. per Cent, per Annum, without any Injunction to trade, or carry out any of our Manufactures; without which restraint the Nation will ..... a greater Loler than the Value of the said 2,000,000l. in a little time; it being to the private Lois of the Exporter, to fend our Manufactures to India, though an Advantage to England: And praying, That the New East India Company may be obliged to export our Manufactures in such manner as the House shall think lit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

A Petition of the Freeholders and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of IVivetiscombe, Milverton, and Parts adja-

cent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, " re‘trred to the Committee appointed to consider which

-- — . 1.Way to prevent the exporting of Wool, from England

and Ireland, to foreign Parts; and to consider the pro

That the making the River Tone navigaLle from the Tom n of Bridget ater up to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, will be a great Benefit to Trade in general; and particularly to the Petitioners, by bringing Sea-coal, and other heavy Goods, much nearer and cheaper, - to them: And praying. That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, may pals into an Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed. -

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of Buscombe, Ulfcombe, and Culmstock,

and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton will be a great Advantage to the Petitioners, and other Parts of the County of Devon, by bringing them Sea-coal and Culm cheaper than now they have it; whereof they use great Quantities to burn Lime, wherewith they improve their Land: And praying. That the Bill, now in the House, for making the River Tone navigable, may pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Exporting

Woo).

pereft Way. to encourage the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom.

A Petition of the principal Traders and Dealers in the Exporting Woollen Manufactures, residing within the Town and Wo°l* Borough of Cirencester, in the County of Gloucester, in the behalf of themselves, and the poor Inhabitants employed therein, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Quantities of Wool combed into Worsted, Worded and Woollen-Yarn, and other wrought Woollen Goods, imported from Ireland to Bristol, and other Ports of this Kingdom, the poor People here are very much impov.erished for want of Work; and lose 8A for every Pack of Worsted-Yarn, 4/. for every Pack of Woollen-Yarn, and so proportionably for all other wrought Woollen Goods, brought from Ireland to England; and that, notwithstanding the great Care of the King and Parliament to prevent the Exportation of Wool, yet that pernicious Praftke is dill continued, to the great Decay of our Woollen Manufactory Trade: And praying, That feme speedy Care may be taken to prevent the like Mischiefs for the future, v Ordered, That Abe Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the Exporting of Wool, from England and Ireland, to foreign Parts; and to consider the pro-' pereft Ways to encourage-the Woollen Manufacture of

Abofes in

Ordered, That the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the Exporting of Wool from England and Ireland, to foreign Parts; and so consider the properelt Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufactures Kmgdom.

of this Kingdom; have Leave to fit in a Morning.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others concerned in Woollen M*.

Ordered, That the Committee, to w hom the Petition the Woollen Manufactures, Inhabitants of the Town and nufactur*.

King's Bench of John Goodhallis referred, and who are ,to inquire into Borough of Cirencester, in the County of ,was

- - - - -- — presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

by his Majesty's Charter to the old Easl-India Company, they were obliged ,to export yearly 100,000l. worth of English Manufactures, which was a great Advantage of them, and particularly the Woollen; but, by a late Act

of

and Fleet Prisons.

Committee*.

the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, do fit de die in diem; and have Leave to fit in a Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Vo L. XII.

Duty oa Leather.

Distill&iion from Com.

Ditto.

Mr. Blackball to preach 8Pth Jan.

424 17* Januarit. 1698.

of Parliament for railing Two Millions of Money, by A Petition of Fronds Gell Merchant was presented to petition re. establishing a newEast-India Company, there is no Pro- the House: spedinga

vision made to oblige the new Company to export any of And, the same relating to Peter Esquire, a Member,

our Manufactures to India; and, it being to the Adven- Member of this House; who not being in the House; turer'8 Lose to export any thither, the Petitioners conceive Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly do attend in his Place, the Want of such a Rellraint will be more prejudicial to upon Morning next: And that the said Petition

England, than the Value of the said Two Millions: And be then read, and taken into Consideration. praying the House to make such an obligatory Provision

for the new East India Company, as may be to the Ad- Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the RevenaM,

vantage of this Nation in general. House an Abstract of the Accounts of the Revenues, Taxe*» Ac.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Taxes, and Monies borrowed, from 1697,

be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which Michaelmas 1698: And allb,

way to prevent the Exporting of Wool, from England and An Abstract; of the Accounts of the Funds, given by

Ireland, to foreign Parts; and to consider the properest Parliament, for the Service of the Year 1698; to wit, in Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufacture of this the Sessions began the 3d Day of December 1697, and Kingdom. ended the 5th Day of July 1698, made up to the 30th of

December 1698.

A Petition of the Tanners, Cordwainers. Sadlers, Gird- And the Titles thereof were read,

lers, Tawers, Glovers, and other Artificers occupying The said Abstracts are in Books by themselves.

the Making, Dressing, and Cutting, of Leather, in the Ordered, That the said Abstracts do lie upon the Table,

Town of Chippenham, and other adjacent Places, in the to be perused by the Members of the House.

County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That, by reason of the great Duty laid A Bill for naturalizing Peter Barailleau, and others, Banilleau's, upon Leather, and the troublelbme Way of collecting it, was read a Second time. Nat.

the Petitioners are very much impoverished; their Trade Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel decayed; and they unable to carry it on, and maintain Wharton, Sir Rowland Mr. Mr.

their Families: And praying, That the said Duty may veningham. Sir John Mr. Hayes, Sir Edw. be taken off, or some other Provision made for their Relief gerford. Sir Henry Pickering, Mr. Sir Edw. , in the Premises. Mr. Slonehouse, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. Lowther, Mr. Mr.

Sir Richard Co.r, Mr. Vernon, Sir Geo. Mr.

A Petition of the Grand Jury of the County of Mid- Mountste Mr. Perry, Mr. Blaake, Lord Ranelagh, dlesex, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held Mr. Blo/ield, Sir Step. Leonard, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Foley, for the said County, the Eleventh Day of January 1698, Mr. Hughes, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hare, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, Mr. Brewer: And they are to meet this Afternoon at That it is most evident the Poor in all Parishes within the Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chambers, laid County are very much increased; and that, by the

Scarcity and Dearnefe of Corn, they mult soon be reduced A Petition of the several Officers in the Exchequer, Eafeof to the greatest Extremity: That the Petitioners conceive concerned in the passing Sheriff's Accounts, was presented Sheriff* the Dinilling Spirits from Corn is the Occasion of a vast to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Consumption thereof; whereby the Price is raised; and Bill depending in the House, for the greater Ease of She-the Poor Sufferers thereby: And praying the Confident- riffs in the Execution of their Offices, and passing their tion of the House in this Matter. Accounts; wherein are several things contained contrary.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table to the Constitution of the Exchequer in general, and pre-until the adjourned Debate upon the Bill to prohibit the judicial to the ancient Rights and Interests of the Peti-Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and to tioners: And praying. That they may be heard before tha prevent the Frauds in Distillers; be resumed. laid Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Richard Pilk, and others, on behalf of themselves, and several other Houffiolders and Inn-keepers, within the Town of Ipswich, in the County of Suffolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That their old Stock of Com, especially Malt and Barley, was consumed, and transported before the last Year's Harvell; and the Merchants and Maltsters thereabouts have engrossed the greatest part of the Barley and Malt of the last Harvest, and ship the same for London, as supposed; so that if the Distillers go on to distil from Corn, there will not be a sufficient Supply of Barley and Malt left in the Country for necessary Brewing till the next Season; and the Duty upon Malt, with the Excise of Six Shillings the Barrel upon Beer, is so heavy, that the Petitioners, and the Poor of this Kingdom, are very much impoverished thereby, having not above half their Weight and Measure of Bread and Beer for a Peny as they used to have: And praying, That the Bill depending in the House, to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and preventing the Frauds in Distillers; may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the adjourned Debate upon the said Bill be resumed.

Ordered, That Mr. Blackball be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the 30th Day of January inllant: And that Mr. Hare, Mr. Hamond, and Mr. Perry, do acquaint him therewith.

25

Ordered, That the Bill to enable the Town of Liver- Liverpool, poole to build a Church, and endow the same by their own Parish. Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton; be read a Second time upon Morn-

ing next.

Sir Henry Ashurst, according to Order, presented to Ogilv/iNat. the House a Bill for Naturalizing of Bartholomew Ogilvy:

And the same was received.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate of Yester- Distillatio* day, upon the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, from Core, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers:

And the Accounts of Exportation of Spirits, and the Account of Drawbacks allowed for Spirits exported, were read.

Rejobed, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

Rejobed, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Refobed, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Petitions, which lie upon the Table,

rearing

Ogihrc}'s

Nat

Bolwei's

EftaU.

Claims for Prizes.

Writs of Error.

Ajre and Calder Nar f^atioa.

io W. III. i"7° — 18° Januarii, 425

relating to the said Bill, be referred to the Consideration of the said Committee of the whole House.

And then the House, upon the Question, adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 18* Januarii', io# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

ABI L L to naturalize Bartholomew Ogiky wa3 read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

A Petition of William Gyhon, of the,

London, Gentleman, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House, to enable Edward Bulwer Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, he settling other Lands, in the same County, of equal Value, to the same Uses: That the Lands intended to be sold by the said Bill are settled on Trustees, for the raising of 3,000 /. as the Portion for Hannah, the now Wife of the Petitioner, and

only Daughter of the said Mr. Buller; and, if the said Bill should pass as now drawn, the Petitioner is like to loie the said 3,000l. which he ought to receive out of the said Estate: And praying to be heard against the said Bill before it pass this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time: And that the same be read upon Monday Morning next.

A Petition of George Camock, late Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Bridget Intelligence, in behalf of himsel£ and Company,^, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 27 June 1697, the Petitioner took a Prize Su eeds Ship, called the Deer-Garden; out of which was taken 178 Tons of High-Country Wine, which was condemned, and sold by the Prize-Office, as they pretend, at 6 /. per Ton, about (5o Tons being embezzled; and so they quite wipe off that Quantity, although they paid full Freight for the said 178 Tons, 438/. as appears by the Prize-Office Accounts; so that by their Reckoning, the Petitioner and Ship's Company's Share comes but to 42/. though the Value of the said Prize cost above Six times as much in France: And praying, That the Commissioners of Prizes may give a more particular Account of the said Ship and Cargo, in order to the Petitioner's Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to such of the Commissioners for Prizes who are Members of the House, to lay before this House an Answer, in Writing, thereunto.

A Bill for limiting certain Times, within which Writs of Error shall be brought for revci sing Fines, common Recoveries, and ancient Judgments, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ogle, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. HarcourMr. Thomhagh, Mr.

Buddy, Mr. Blaake, Sir Edw. Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Eyres, Mr Blofeild, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Lrnlher, Sir Abslr. Danby, Mr. Sir

Richard Onslorw, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hancock, Sir

Drake, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Barrington,

Mr. Dyott, Mr. Osborne, Mr. diamond, Mr. Sir

Robert Eden, M r. Shackerly, Sir Edw. Ernly, Six William Ellis, S\r Jacob Ashly; and all the Gentlemen of the Long Robe: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the making navigable the Rivers of Aire and Calder, in the County of at the Charge Vo L.XII.

of such Persons as will undertake the fame: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Verney, Colonel Abuses in Kirkby, Sir Rich. Cox, Mr. JVilkins, Mr. Sir King's Bench

Edw. Blacket, Mr. Ojjley, be added to the Committee, p*so^et to whom the Petition of John Goodall is referred, and who n on*‘ are to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet.

A Complaint being made to the House, That there Orders re-have of late been such great Numbers of Strangers at spefting the Committee of Privileges and Elections, that the Members of the House have not been able to come into mittee of the House, and take their Seats therein; and that they Privileges, have had, and may have, other Annoyances, to the Endangering of their Healths, if timely Care be not taken to the contrary; and that there hath been such Crouding in the Passage, by Witnesses, and others, that the Witnesses cannot have free Passage into, and out of, the Committee;

Ordered, That the Serjeant at Arms attending this House do give Order to the Door-keepers and Messengers of the House, constantly to attend the Committee of Privileges and Elections, and other Committees litting in the House; and take care, that no Persons do croud, or fit, upon the Seats of the House, either below, or above in the Gallery, where the Members ought to fit; and that such Witnesses as shall be examined at the said Committees do attend in the Lobby, and be called in, one by ojje, and severally examined, and then withdraw, for others to come in and be examined; and that the Passage be kept clear for that Purpose.

Mr. Blathwaite, according to Order, presented to the Woollen House, from the Commissioners of Trade and Planta- Manuta&urq. tions, a Representation from the said Commissioners:

And also,

A Copy of a Representation for hindering the Exportation of Wool: And also,

A Copy of a Representation, relating to the Trade between England and Ireland;especially the Linen and Woollen Manufactures: And also,

A Copy of a Representation, with Amendments to the Bill for encouraging the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in Ireland: And also,

A Copy of a Representation upon the general State of the Trade of this Kingdom: And also,

A Copy of a Representation upon a Memorial from the Turkey Company, relating to the East India Company's interfering with them in the Vent of Woollen Manufactures in Persia: And also,

A Copy of a Representation on a Petition from the Turkey Company; praying, That the new East India Company may not be under any positive Obligation of exporting Draperies: And also,

A Copy of a Representation upon Two Bills transmitted from Ireland; the one laying a Duty upon Woollen Manufactures exported; and the other encourageing the Manufacture of Flax and Hemp: And also,

A Copy of an ExtraSt out of the Council-Books, upon a Representation upon a Bill transmitted from Ireland, for encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Hemp in that Kingdom: And also,

A Copy of a Representation, relating to the Par be-' tween the English and Irish Woollen Manufactures.

And the Titles of them were read.

And the said Copies are as follow; viz.

The Representation (a) [of the Commissioners] for Trade and Plantations to the Honourable House of Commons.

IN Obedience to an Order of this Honourable House, dated the 7th of this Month, requiring from us such Observations as we have made, and such Papers as we

(a) Sapplied from the original Representation.

5 Q have.

Woollen

Manufacture.

426 r8° Jmuarii.* A. 1698.

have, relating to the Eocoumgeroent of the Wood lea Manufacture of this Kingdom, and of the Linen Mar nufacture of Ireland; we humbly offer;

That, fume of our earliett Inquiries having been concerning the State of the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom; and having, upon all Occasions, continued tive fame» we have found, by many Observations, that though ,our old Drapery have gradually increased for many Vear? last past, and our Weavers have invented all'o great Variety of new Draperies, yet several Obstructions have all along remained in the Way to the further Improvement and Sale thereof, both at home and abroad:

The Obstructions which appear unto us ntoft evident at home are, the constant Practice of exporting our unwrought \V00l into France, Holland, Sweden, and other foreign Parts; and the Mode and Humour that hath too much prevailed among ourselves, to delight in the Wear of French and other foreign Manufactures:

The Obstructions from abroad have been from the Endeavours ufpd in several foreign Countries to set up Manufactures of their own; in order whereunto they have, in feme Places, prohibited the Importation or Ule of ours; and, in other Places, laid such high Duties upon them, as amount to the fume thing: But more pfpecially, under this Head, we think it proper to mention the great Increase of the Woollen Manufactures in Irelandi which, being made there lb much cheaper than the like Sorts in England, tend exceedingly to the Prejudice of this Kingdom: And of all these kinds we have had many Instances; of which we shall mention loine, according to the Order of Time in which they have occurred unto us, qr we have had Occasion to bike them into Consideration.

In October 1696. the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury did communique to us some Advices they had received, from the Comtnifljoners of the Customs, concerning a Woollen Manufacture setting up at Sada, near the Groyne: Whereupon, we tpok care to make Inquiries ip several Parts of Spain, about the State and Progress thereof, by his Majesty's (a) [Ministers; there, apd otherwise: And having received Information, from his Majesty's Consul at the Groyne, that this Work was carried on by the .^dyance of a. considerable Sum of Money from the Court of Spain, and the Grant of very great Privileges; as also by the supposed Countenance of the Dutch Consul there; we gave Notice thereof, from time to time, to the Secretaries of State, desiring, That his Majesty's Ambafla-dpr at the Hague might bp informed of the lame, and make Application to the States-General for an Order so forbid tiieitf Cpnful from rapddlipg therein, as a Tiling prejudicial to the common Interest: Whereupon, we, some time after, reppiypd, by the fiands of One of the Secretaries of State, a Copy 01 the Refutations of the States-General, commanding their said, (JJonful, as much as ip him lay, to cause the 17reCling of any such Woollen Manufacture ip that "Place to cease: And w;e are hill attending foe for-ther Proceedings of the Spaniard in that Work.

In, December 169b, Notice having beep taken by up, of the great, Exorbitances committed in llumn$y-Mar$h, and thpreabopts, by the constant Exportation, of Wool, wq humbly laid before his Majesty, a Representation of wha| we thought most expedient for the better Prevention thereof; which is hereunto annexed (N° A.): Aqd ifoerqupon, besides foe small Ships appointed for Crullers of that Coast, Mr. Henry Baker, Solicitor of thq Treasury, was

Comcniffioued(tp take care, qs well to prpvent the Exportation of Wool, as to prpfecpte foe Ofleifoers; wherein, aq we understand, he has had. great Supqeis, by hip personal Attendance in those Pa;ts, apd fog-. Officers under him; and is in the way of effectually performing that Service: Towards which, upon difeourfing with him, we conceive, that if, instead of a long Proqefs, usually practised against Offenders, during which they nevertheless continue in, their Transgressions, a more expeditious Way. were by Law provided, by Qapias, or otherwise, it would very much con-, dupe to the huppressing oftbofe ill Practices.

(a) Supplied from the original B*prefeigatk»fc

In April ib97, his Majesty having directed us to take into Confidccation the Trade of England and Ireland) how they stand in relation to each other, and how they may be improved to the Advantage of both Nations; we did, in pursuance thereof, lay before 'their ‘Exoellencies the Lords Justices a Representation of what then appeared unto us proper for those Ends: Which Representation (N*B.) relating peculiarly to the Woollen and Linen Manufactures jn Ireland, with respect to the Interest of England, we herew ith offer the same to the Consideration of this Honourable House.

In the same Month of April 1697, upon foe Prqfoeft of a Treaty of Peace wi.th France, having been required by his Majesty to prepare a Project of a Treaty of Commerce with that Crown, we proceeded thereupon; and took care in foe Project, which we accordingly prepared, to provide for the Encouragement'of the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom, by removing foe Load of Impositions laid upon them, and facilitating the Introduction and Vent of That, and other Manufactures,

in those Parts, upon a reasonable Foot.

And, in like manner, >ve having, at several times, received Informations of the Hardships put upon the English Merchants in Szceden, and the high Duties laid upon our Woollen Manufactures; as also, of the Endeavours used there to set up a Woollen Manufacture of their own; for the promoting of which, the had found

means to draw eonstant Supplies of Wool from Scotland, which is, the greatest Part of it, either the Product of Ireland or England; and having thereupon been directed by his Majesty, in the Month 1698, to prepare

a project of a Treaty of Commerce, tit to be proposed to the Crown of Sweden; we took the belt Informations from his Majesty's Resident at that Court, and from the East-land Merchants, and those trading particularly to the Swedish Dominions; and laid before his Majesty a ProjtCt of such a Treaty, with Articles and Clauses proper to remedy the Inconveniencies and Pressurcs, which the Merchants and Trade of England there lay under.

In the Mqnth of Novanber 1697, having been ordered by their Excellencies the Lords justices to considerofa Bill transinilted from Ireland, lor encouraging the Lined and Hempen Manufacture in that Kingdom; and thereupon to propose such Alterations and Additions as we judged might make the same more eft. dual to the Purposes intended; we, accordingly, made such Alterations and Additions, and laid them before their Excellencies the Lords Justices. iu a Representation; whereof a Copy is annexed (N* C.).

In December 1697, having applied ourselves to the Consideration of the general State of the Trade of this Kingdom, we laid before his Majesty a Representation thereof: Wherein there being divers Particular relating to the Woollen Manufacture, we have annexed a Copy thereof (N# D.); and, having distinguistied those Particulars by Lines in the Margin, we refer ourselves thereunto.

The Turkey Company fipding the mfblves prejudiced by the East-Indfa Company's vending a great Part of the Woollqn Manufactures whidi they are obliged to export at Tauris, and other Places, in Persia, that were formerly {applied from Turkey, they prefeuted to his Majesty a Memorial for the Remedy thereof: Which having been referred unto us; after the Hearing of both Parties* we laid before his Majesty, the 19 of January 1 tha annexed Representation (N° E.)

And, upon Occasion of the Establishment of the new East India Company, the Turkey Company having again petitioned his Majesty, That the Clause in the old East India Company's Charter, obliging them to export, annually, Goods of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture, of this. Kingdom, to the Value of 100,000l. (which had forced them to vend great Quantities of Drapery, as aforesaid, in Persia) might be omitted in the Charter to

be granted to foe said new Company; and the Canfidera-foio of foat Petition having, by his Majesty, been ala

referred

IO W. III. 18° Jatntarii. 427

referred unto os; we offered onto their ExbeMencies the lords Justices, the 9th of August left, the annexed Representation (N° F.)

In Octoberlaft, having been directed by their Excel-

lencies the Lords Justices to consider of Two Bilte -transmitted from Ireland, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty upon Woollen Manufactures exported out of that Kingdom; and An Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Hemp in that Kingdom; we laid before their Excellencies, the 11th of that Month, out* Report upon the same: And therein offered, upon the last of those Bills, several Amendments and Additions, which we thoaght proper to make it effectual for the Ends proposed; together with our Reasons for each of the said Alterations: All which, with the Orders of Council made thereupon, are hereunto annexed (N° G. and H.)

# And, having been further required by their Excellencies the Lords Junices to consider, and report, what Impositions upon the Woollen Manufactures of exported

will bring them to a Par with the Woollen Manufactures of England exported, we presented to their Excellencies, the 13th of the said Month, a furtlver Report upon that Subject (N° I.): In which we laid down some certain Calculations, to be considered of according to the Proba- . 'bility of different Suppositions therein mentioned.

Besides our fore-mentioned Proceedings and Observations, in reference to the preferring the W'oollen Manu-fufture of this Kingdom, we continued to have our Eye upon what should be undertaken in France with relation thereunto; and, by our Correspondency abroad, we received particular Informations, in the Month of March last, of a Design carrying on there for letting up a Woollen Manufacture in the Provence of Languedoc, with great Encouragements from that Court: And we just now come to understand, that a considerable Progress is made therein; and that Endeavours are using to procure Workmen from England and Holland, with all Sorts of necessary Materials; which ouglitto be discouraged by all possible means.

We do also observe. That notwithstanding it was the intent, in settling our Plantations in America, that the People there should be only employed in such Things as are not the Product of England, to which they belong, except for lb much as should be wanting for their own Sustenance, and Supply of Provisions to their Neighbours; yet Neu'-England, and other Northern Colonies, have

applied them (elves too much, besides other Things, to the Improvement of Woollen Manufactures amongst themselves; which, in its Proportion, is as prejudicial to this Kingdom, as the Working of those Manufactures in Ireland: Wherefore it is liibmitted. That, upon Occasion, the Kke Prohihitions-be made with relation to those Northern Colonies, as to Ireland.

Upon the whole Matter, we cannot bot observe, That the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom will receive flie greatest Encouragement by a due Consumption of it at home, the largest Vent of it abroad, and the hindering, as much as1 is possible, the Growth and Iricrease of it dle-where: And that therefore, amongst other Thirtg*, the Exjvertathm' not only of Wool from Ireland, but also of their Woollen Manufactures, and of the Wool, and Woollen Manufactures* of the respective tions in America, to other Parts than England, ought tb be prohibited* or discouraged, by the moil coercive and proper' Mean's which, although they may not at first be so effectual as'might be wifbetT, yet, , upon further Experience, awd addkional RernedieSj the Means designed may become more perfect: lit order whereunto, it ieems withal expedient That the People of this Kingdom, (killed of employed, i# the Woollen Manufacture, be prohibited feOnhgoing over into Ireland, or other Parts; and that such as have been already, enticed thither- be endouraged to return lioine.

Whitehall, Which is humbly fobmitttd td

Jammy tin* 13th, 1 C9J-. this Honourable House.

j. Bridgsoa Win.

Tankerville,

Eh. Mcadowes,

Vol. XII.

John PoUctjen, Abr. IliU.

(A.) The laid "Copy of a Representation for hindering the WoailetoMK1 Exportation of Wool. anfadur*.

To the King's most. Excellent Majesty.

May it please your Majesty,

The Right Honourable Mr. Secretary Triimbull having transmitted to us some Memorials, together with Petitions, from Merchants and Clothiers, in several Places, relating to the Necessity and Means of preventing the Exportation of Wool, more el'pecially from the Coalt of Kent and Sussex, and hindering the Correspondence which is thereby carried on with France; we have taken that Matter into our Consideration; and thereupon humbly beg Leave to represent to your Majesty;

That the Importance of the Thing being such as hai already occasioned several Acts of Parliament to have been made upon it, we humbly conceive, That the due Execution of those Acts, and more el'pecially of that Clause in the Act, passed in the last Session of this present Parliament, for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool, &c. which provides, That One Ship of the 5th Rate, and Two Ships of the 6th Rate, and Four armed Sloops, shall be directed and appointed constantly to cruise from oft' the North-Foreland to the Isle of with Orders for taking and seizing all Ships, Vessels, or Boats, which shall export any Wool, or carry or bring any prohibited Goods, or any l'uipefted Persons, will very much conduce to the Ends proposed.

Yet, in order to the better Advancement of those End^, and for the reaping a more certain Benefit by the fore-mentioned Cruisers; having inquired into what has formerly been practised upon the like Occasion with belt Success, we are thereby induced to be humbly of Opinion, That it may be further expedient, that some proper Person should be also particularly commissioned and appointed on Land, as has been formerly, with Three or Four Officers under his Direction, to observe and watch that Coast, by such Rules as may be contrived suitable to the Service intended; and to maintain such a Correspondence with the Commanders of those Cruisers as may enable them, on both Sides, by Signals, mutually to direct each other, upon all Occasions, in their several Stations by Sea and Land, so as may heft send to the Discovery of all Attempts of that kind, and to the Seizure of either Ships, Goods, or Persons, as may be requisite.

All which, nevertheless, is most humbly l'ubmitted.

Whitehall, Signed,

the 30th December 1696. J. Bridgwater,

Ph. Meadows,

J. Polle ij'en, Abr. Hill.

(N* B.) The said Copy of a Representation, relating to the Trade betw een England and Ireland; elpe-cially the Linen and Woollen Manufactures; vis.

To their Excellencies the Lords Justices.

May it please your Excellencies,

In Obedience to his Majesty's Commands, signified to u4 By Mr. Secretary Trumbull, That we should take into Consideration the Trade of England and Ireland, how they l'tand in relation to each other, and how they may be improved to the Advantage of both Nations; we humbly represent to your Excellencies;

- That the Woollen Manufactures in Ireland cannot be Carried on, and continued to be improved there, at the rate it hath been of late Years, without very ill Confe* quence to this' Kingdom: The Care of our Parliaments, in all times, in preservitig this Manufacture entirely td England, and the sensible Damage we have suffered wheii any Part of it hath been loft from us to any other Country, makes this so evident, that we think we need use nb other Reasons to shew of what Necessity it is not to let in aOy' new Shbrere.

To hinder therefore the Growth of the Woollen Manufacture in Ireland, so wholly incompatible with the fundamental Trade of England, on which the Prosperity of this Nation so much de|>ends, we are humbly of Opinion, That the Exportation of all Sorts of Woollen Manufacture* out o{Ireland,.to uhy Parts whatfbdver, except

18° Januarii. 1698.

Woollen only that of their Frize, as is wont, to England, be re-Munuittdure. strained, and discouraged, by Impositions, Penalties, and all other Ways, which together may be sufficient to hinder it:

But since the private Exportation of Wool in England, acknowledged by every-body to be direCHy against the Interest of England, is too publick an Instance how little bare Prohibitions of Exportation, though under the fevered Penalties, are to be depended upon, where the Temptation of great Profit may encourage private Men to bribe Officers, and run other Risques; it is much less , to be expected, that the bare Stopping of the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures, when made, by a Guard upon them only at the Ports, will be sufficient to keep them from being sent out of Ireland, where not only the Gain of private Exporters, but the general Sense of the People that it is the Intered of the Country to export them, concur to break through all Obstacl'S of this kind:

We therefore crave Leave humbly to offer to your Excellencies Consideration, Whether it will not be convenient to add the following Remedies, as a more natural and effectual Way to take off the People there from their Application to that Sort of Trade; lb that the Cheapnels of Victuals, and consequently of Labour, may not enable them to transport their Woollen Manufactures to foreign Markets, to the Prejudice of our English Trade;

That a sufficient Duty be laid upon the Importation of Oil; upon Teafles, whether imported or growing the re; and upon all the Utensils employed in the making of any Woollen Manufactures, such as Cards for Wool of all Sorts. Fulling-Mills, Racks, Presses, as also on the Utensils of Worsted-combers; and, particularly, a Duty, by the Yard, upon all Cloth and Woollen Stufts, except Frizes, before they are taken off the Loom:

But, because we can by no means think it adviseable, that Men should be, all on a sudden, stopt in their Way of Livelihood till other Ways of Employment be opened to them, since such Changes cannot possibly be effected all at once, but must be introduced by Degrees, we are humbly of Opinion, That though it be requisite, that the Remedies above propounded, be enacted all at once, yet, that they should not all, or any of them, be in Force, and put in Execution, but only by such Degrees, and in such Proportions, as, by Proclamation from the Lord Lieutenant, or Lords Justices. by the Advice of the Privy-Council there, shall, from time to time, be directed and required; so that the gradual Increase of those Duties may warn, and give People time to turn themselves to feme other Employments:

Provided, That whatever Part of the said Act shall, by such Proclamation, be once put in Force, the same shall remain so, and ffand good; and whatever Proportion of the said Duties shall, in this manner, be required, it shall no more be diminished, but may, at any time, if it be found requisite, in the same manner, be augmented, so far as the said Act allows:

Nevertheless, That the Owners of Wool may not be hindered in the Vent thereof, by the diverting of labouring Hands to other Manufactures, ^ve humbly offer, That unwrought Wool have free Exportation from Ireland into England, without any Duty, from and to the Ports now appointed by Act of Parliament; but that the Exportation of it any-where else be effectually hindered, by all Ways and Means possible to be used.

And, since it generally proves ineffectual, and we conceive it hard, to endeavour to drive Men from the Trade they are employed in, by bare Prohibitions, without offering them, at the feme time, feme other Trade, which, if they please, may turn to Account; we humbly propose;

That the Linen Manufacture be set on foot, and lb encouraged, in Ireland, as may make it the general Trade of that Country, as effectually as the Woollen Manufacture is, and must be, of England:

To which Purpol'e, we humbly conceive it of great Importance, that it be intimated and insinuated from hence, to all such Persons there, and in such Ways and *9

Manner as shall be thought most convenient, that they seriously bethink themselves of setting up, and carrying on, the Linen Manufactures in that Country; it being not to be supposed, that England either can, or ever w ill, fufflr, that the Woollen Manufacture should grow up in Ireland, so as to come any way in Competition with, or so much as threaten, that Trade, so necessary to the Subsistence of England.

For the Encouragement, therefore, and setting up the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, we humbly propose;

That the Importation of Hempfeed and Linseed into Ireland be free from all Duties for Three Years; or longer, if the Directors, whose Office and Employment is hereafter to be explained, shall think it requisite:

That Flax and Hemp, growing in Ireland, shall be Tythe and Tax-free for One-and-twenty Years; and* after 21 Years, shall pay for Tythes only 2 6 d. per

Acre, per Annum:

That the present Customs, and other Duties, on Hemft Flax, and all Manufactures made thereof, imported into Ireland, be increased One-fourth Part every Year, till they come to be quadruple to what they are at present; and that the like gradual Increase of Duties be laid on Callicoes, and all other Sorts of Cloth made of Cotton, that may supply the Place and Use of Linen:

That the Exportation of Linen Cloth, and all other Manufactures made of Flax and Hemp, without any Mixture of Wool, shall be free to all Places, and without any Custom:

That all Dressers of Hemp or Flax, Linen weavers. Rope-makers, and all other Workers in Hemp or Flax, and using no other Trades, shall be free, during the time that they follow those Vocations, from serving on Juries, or bearing any Offices which they themselves shall not be willing to undergo:

And because the poorest Earnings in the several Parts of the linen Manufacture is at present in the Work of the Spinners, who therefore need the greatest Encouragement, and ought to be increased as much as possible, That therefore Spinning-Schools be set up, in such Places, and at such Distances, as the Directors shall appoint; where whoever will come to learn to spin, shall be taught gratis; and to which all Persons, who have not 40 s. a Year Estate, shall be obliged to fend all their Children, both Male and Female, that they have at home with them, from Six toFourteeu Years of Age (and may have Liberty to fend those also between Four and Six, if they please) to be employed there in Spinning, Ten Hours in the Day, when the Days are lb long; or as long as it is light, when they are shorter: Provided always, That no Child be obliged to go above Two Miles to any such School:

That all Children, who are thus obliged to come to those Schools, shall be paid for what they earn there in Spiuning, according to the ordinary Rate paid to others; first deducting fa) [from each of them], what they have spoiled in Tow or Flax, in their beginning to learn:

That all, in general, who come there to learn, shall have Wheels provided for them; and that they who are able to spin on Mr. Firmin's double Wheel shall, at their going away, have One of those double Wheels given them:

That no Wheel shall be used in any of those Spinning-Schools, but what shall be turned with the Foot, and have the Distaff placed in the Middle; so that both the Hands being at Liberty, sometimes the one, sometimes the other, may be used to draw the Flax, the only Way to fit them for the double Wheel, which they can never use till each Hand can draw the Flax with an equal Facility.

The Use of this double Wheel is of that great Consequence to the Linen Manufacture, that nothing can contribute more to the Advancement of it than the bringing this Wheel in Fashion; they that can use it being enabled to earn thereby very near double with the same Labour: -And it deserving the refore, by all Ways possible, to be encouraged;

(a) Supplied from the Copy which was presented to the House.

In

io W. III. 18° Januarii.

42 9

In order thereunto, we humbly propose;

That the Husbands of such Wives as can spin upon the double Wheel, and do follow that Employment, either in Teaching or Working, shall have the same Immunities and Privileges that arc hereafter proposed to be granted to Linen-weavers, and other Workers in Hemp or Flax; though their said Husbands are of other Trades and Employments:

That at every Summer Assizes it may be lawful for any Female Inhabitant, of each County respectively, to coine there, and Ibew her Skill in Spinning on the double Wheel; and that lhe that shall there, in One Hour, spin the most and best Thread, to be judged of by the Grand Jury, shall have Ten Pounds paid her upon the Place, by an Officer to be appointed thereto by the Directors; and, moreover, be recorded in Court a Mistress Spinner, and thereof have a Certificate delivered to her, in Parchment, without Fees, under the Hands of the Judge, the Sheriff, the Foreman of the Jury, and such of the Justices of the Peace as will sign it; which shall entitle her, and her Husband, whenever she shall be married, to a Freedom in any City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, in Ireland, to let up there what Trade he or she shall think fit; with an Exemption to the said Husband, during his Life, from serving on all Juries, and bearing any Manner of Office which he himfclflhall not be willing to undergo:

And to the end no Person, by reason of Poverty, or Distance from the Place where the Assizes are held, may be hindered from shewing her Skill upon the double Wheel, and may be l'omewhat considered for the Charge in coming and bringing her Wheel and Flax, every one that comes, and can spin lo well on the double Wheel as to be capable of a Trial to be a Mistress Spinner, shall be allowed Two-pence per Mile, from the Place of her Habitation to the Place of the Assizes, to be paid by the same Officer to be appointed thereunto by the Directors, as aforesaid:

That if any double Wheel Spinner, during her following that Way of Living, shall, by Sickness, or other Calamity, be disabled from getting a livelihood by Spinning, as flie used to do, and be thereby reduced to the publick Relief, lhe shall have double the Allowance that any other Person in her Circumstances hath, or is w ont to have:

That it shall also be lawful for any Weaver to bring any Piece of Linen Cloth, of his own Weaving, to the Summer Assizes of the County whereof he is an Inhabitant, as a Sample of his Workmanship; and that the Foreman of the Grand Jury, together with feme Persons skilled in Linen Cloth, to be appointed by the Court, and an Officer appointed thereunto by the Directors, shall, upon Oath, give their Judgments which Piece of Cloth, amongst all that are so produced, is belt and most workmanlike woven: whereupon, the Piece of Cloth that shall be thus judged best woven shall be cut in Two equal Pieces, to prevent its being again produced; and the Weaver who wove it shall have Ten Pounds paid him upon the Place, by the aforesaid Officer; shall be recorded in Court a Master Weaver, and shall there receive a Certificate, as before expressed in the same of a Mistress Spinner; which shall entitle him to a Freedom in any City, Town, Borough, or Corporation, in Ireland, there to set up and practice the said Trade of Linen-weaving; with an Exemption from serving on Juries, and bearing any Manner of Office that he is not willing to undergo, so long as he continues the said Trade:

That the like Reward and Privileges, in each County, be also granted to him w ho shall, at the Summer Assizes, produce the belt Piece of Sail-cloth, made the feme Year, within the same County; and that the said Piece of Sailcloth be thereupon cut in Two equal Pieces, to prevent its being again produced:

That all the Money that shall be so paid at each Assizes, by the Officers appointed thereunto by the Directors, shall be set dow n in a Bill, which shall be signed by a Judge of the Assizes, and the Sheriff, to vouch that Article of the said Officer's Account:

Vo 1. XII.

Provided always, That none of the foregoing Rewards Woollen of Ten Pounds, upon any of the foregoing Trials, be Manufacture, allowed to any Person more than once.

But, becaute no such publick Manufactures can, at its first Setting up, subsist of itself in a new Place, and hold up against, much less gain upon, the same Trade already settled and established elsewhere; therefore, for defraying the Charge of bringing into Ireland Persons skilled in the Sowing, Dressing, or any ways Improving, of Hemp,

Flax, or any Manufactures made thereof, or in Spinning on the double Wheel; together with the several other Charges in Schools, Bleacheries, Magazines, and Rewards, before or hereafter mentioned, with others all'o that may be necessary; and likewise for sustaining the Losses that may be made in the Infancy of this Undertaking, by taking off any Parcels of Linen Cloth from the Makers, at such reasonable Rate's as may enable them to live by their Trade; we huntbly further propose.

That every Female above Fourteen Years old, excepting those of such Families as, by reason of Poverty, are exempt from Taxes, shall, every Year, deliver unto such Persons as shall be appointed in each Parish, Twelve Lays of good, found, merchantable, and unbleached.

Linen Yarn, or Thread, each Lay containing in Length Two hundred Yards, and the whole Twelve Lays not weighing above Eight Ounces Averdupois; or if they do, then, for each Ounce they weigh more, the Party so bringing them shall deliver Two Ounces of the like merchantable Yarn, or Thread, over and above the Twelve Lays before mentioned:

That every Male above Fourteen Years of Age, not in holy Orders, shall every Year deliver, as aforesaid,

One Pound of merchantable Raw Flax, and One Pound of like merchantable Hemp:

That all Parents also, who neglect to fend their Children to the Spinning Schools, as before proposed, shall deliver, as aforesaid, the like Quantity of Twelve Lays, or more, of Linen Yarn, or Thread, for every Child, Male and Female, not lent accordingly to the said Schools:

That, in order to this Collection of Linen Yarn, Hemp, and Flax, to be yearly made in each County, as early as may be in the Spring, the Ministers and Churchwardens in each Parish shall, every Year, before the Twenty-fifth Day of March, make and sign a perfect and true Lift of all Persons, in their respective Parishes, liable to the said Contributions; in Conformity to which Lift, the said Churchwardens shall forthwith make the whole Collection of the said Contributions of Thread, Hemp, dnd Flax, within their said refjrective Parishes, and deliver it, together with the said Lift, to the Linen-Collector, who is to be appointed by the Directors for that Purpose, when he demands it:

That whosoever shall fail to deliver to the Churchwardens, upon Demand, his or her respective Contribution of Linen Yarn, Flax, or Hemp, as before proposed, shall forfeit One Shilling, to be levied by Distress; which Distrefe the Churchwardens shall be impowered and required to make, and account for, to the said Linen Collector.

That all the Linen Yarn thus collected shall be bleached the same Summer; and afterwards fold, or made into Cloth, as shall be thought best by the Directors:

That all the Flax also, and Hemp, thus collected, shall be either fold, or further manufactured, as the said Directors shall think fit.

But, left the Profit arising from the aforesaid Contributions should not be sufficient to give the Encouragement, and bear the Losses and Expences, necessary for the Support of the said Manufacture, especially in the First Beginning of it; we are humbly of Opinion;

That it may be requisite a Fund shall be raised, by an Imposition of Tw o-pence per Pound on Tobacco imported into Ireland', which Imposition, so laid, will but railethe Duties upon that Commodity in to an

Equality with w hat is now paid upon Tobacco spent in England:

j R That

43°

183 Januariu

A, 1698.

Woollen That what Money is raised upon the said Duty of Mtmuiii&ure. Two-pence per Pound, Avail be monthly paid in to the Treasurer of the said Linen Manufacture, who is to be appointed by the Directors, and to whom the Linen-Collectors of each County, and other Officers concerned in any Receipts and Payments by Order of the said Directors, shall be accountable from time lo time:

That the said Treasurer shall, once every Year, give in a clear Account, and perfect State, of the publick Revenue, and Contributions given for the carrying on the said Linen Manufacturc, unto the Lord Lieutenant, or Lords Justices, of Ireland, or to such Person or Persons as shall be authorized and appointed by them to examine and audite the said Account; to the end that, upon hating thereof, so much as shall be found remaining an Overplus, not expended, or loft, in the Management of the said Manufactures, may be deducted out of the next Year's Tax upon Tobacco, and paid into his Majesty s Treasury, for publick Uses:

‘ That the said Treasurer shall give such Security for his faithful Discharge for the Trust reftofed in him, as the Lord Lieutenant, or Lords Justices, and Council, in Ireland, shall think fit; and that, for the Reward of his Pains in the Execution of his laid Office, he shall have per Pound upon all Receipts and Diffiurfements of Money that shall pass his Hands; or what other Reward, or Salary, the said Directors shall think fit:

That all other Officers employed in the Management of this Manufacture, under the Directors, shall have such Salaries, and give such Securities, as the said Directors shall think fit:

That the said Directors shall have the full and foie Power and Authority to nominate and appoint, not only the Officers already mentioned, but lo many, and such others also, as they shall think necessary and proper for the good and orderly Management of this whole Undertaking; and to turnout any of the said Officers, and put others in their Places, at their Pleasure:

Provided always, That no Person so near of Kin to any of the said Directors as a Cousin-German shall be capable of any Place or Employment under them;

And that whoever gives, or takes, any Reward for any Employment in this Manufacture, more than the Salary allowed and appointed by the said Directors, shall absolutely, and without Remission, forfeit his respective Place and Employment:

That the said Directors shall likewise have full Power and Authority in all Things whatsoever relating to the Conduct and Management of this whole Affair; as, particularly (where it shall be necessary for the Improvement and Carrying on of the Linen Manufacture) to provide Bleacheries; to erect Magazines, Work-houses, and other public Buildings; to order the Buying and Selling of any thing, in such manner as they judge expedient; to direct the Levying of the several Contributions before-mentioned; to order all Receipts and Payments of Money; to regulate and appoint the Breadth, Length, and other Qualities, of the several Sorts of Linen Cloth to be made by their Direction; to give what Names to each Sort they think fit; to appoint an uniform Length of Reels, whereupon to wind the Linen Yarn (which Length, it is supposed, may most conveniently be such, as to contain Two Yards in Circumference); and to do whatever other Things, and make whatever other Regulations, they conceive necessary and proper, for the Improvement of Hemp and Flax in , and all Manufactures made out of them; and, more particularly, for the carrying on of the Linen Manufacture there to due Perfection: All which Regulations by them made, they are to take care to fee duly observed, and that the Transgressors thereof, in any Point, be prolbcuted, and brought to such condign Punishment, as is or shall, by Law, be provided:

That all Justices of Peace, and other Officers, be aiding and assisting to the said Directors, and those employed by them, in the Execution of the Trust committed to them:

And forasmuch as the whole Succels of this Undertaking seems, unavoidably, to depend upon the Fidelity, Skill, and Diligence of the said Directors, in the Management of it; we having observed, on the one Side, bow great Salaries are apt to tempt Men to undertake Things, which they are neither skilled in, nor careful of: by which means, those Undertakings fall, and come to nothing, to the great Detriment of the Publick; and, on the other Side, when, to avoid this Inconvenience, any Manufacture is put into the Hands and Management of a Company, how the Greediness of present Gain occasions Stock-Jobbing, or Contcfts amongst them-lelves about sharing the Profit, whilst the Improvement thereof is negleCied; whereof we have, in this Kingdom, too many Instances:

To prevent, therefore, the fordaid Mischiefs, on botn Sides, we humbly propose;

That the said Directors be rewarded for employing their Time and Care in the Management of this Business, in such a Method and Manner as may lay upon them the highest Obligation imaginable to Fidelity and Diligence therein, by the Increase of their own private Advantage, in proportion to the Improvements they shall make in the Business committed to their Charge:

To which Purpose, we are humbly of Opinion,

That there be Five Directors, honest and able Men, Lovers of their Country, and such as, being willing to take the Employment upon them, shall be nominated and authorized thereunto by Parliament:

That they shall have each of them One hundred Pounds per Annum Salary, to begin from the Time that by their Management, there shall be double the Number of Looms employed in the Weaving of Linen in Ireland, as were employed in it at the passing of the Act, that Avail be thought expedient to be made, for the Establishment of that Manufacture; of which Looms, (o employed at the Palling of that Act, an exact Account is therefore to be taken:

That, from the Time the Looms there shall be Three times as many as they were at the passing of the said Act, the said Directors shall have each of them Three hundred Pounds per Annum:

That, from the Time the Looms there shall be Four times as many as they were at the puffing the said Act, the said Directors shall have each of them Five hundred Pounds per Annum:

That from the Time the said Linen Manufacture shall be there able to subsist of itself, by its own Gains, without any Allowance, or Contribution, from the Publick, for its Support or Encouragement, each of the said Directors shall have One thousand Pounds per Annum:

That if the said Manufacture shall so subsist, and go on, of itself, as to be able to supply the whole Kingdom of Ireland with Linen, the said Directors shall have each of them One thousand Pounds per Aunum for their Lives: And if this proposed Undertaking shall, by them, be brought to that Perfection, as that Ireland shall fend forth yearly, to foreign Markets, to the Value of One hundred thousand Pounds in their native Hemp, Flax, or Manufactures of any kind made out of them, the said Directors shall then have each of them, One thousand Pounds per Annum settled upon them, and their Heirs for ever: x

That upon the Death of any One of the said Directors, the Survivors shall, from time to time, choose another, to keep up the Number full.

That this Act shall be in Force for Twenty-one Years; but that all the personal Privileges which shall be granted to any one, by virtue thereof, remain good to him, during his or her Life, though they should outlive the said One-and-twenty Years.

All which, nevertheless, is most humbly submitted to your Excellencies great Wisdom.

Signed, J.

JfAiitchall, Ph. Meadows,

August the 31st, 1697. John Lock,

John Pollevfen, Abr. Hill.

i o W. III. 18° j* 431

The said Copy of a Representation, with Amendments to the Rill for encouraging the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in Ireland',

To their Excellencies the Lords Justices.

May it please your Excellencies,

IN Obedience to your Excellencies Order in Council, dated the 28th of the last Month, referring unto our Consideration a Rill lately transmitted out of Ireland, for encouraging the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in that Kingdom: and requiring us, upon advising with his Majesty's Attorney-General, to propose to your Excellencies such Alterations and Additions to the said Bill as we judge may make the same more effectual to the Purposes intended; we, herewithal, most humbly lay before your Excellencies such Alterations and Additions to the said Bill, as, upon Advice with his Majesty's Attorney-General, we humbly conceive may accordingly make it more effectual.

All which, nevertheless, we most humbly submit to your Excellencies great Wisdom.

Signed, J. Bridgxcaler,

Whitehall, Ph. Meadows,

n JV'(member 1697. Abr.Hill,

John Poller fen, Geo. Stepney.

(N® C.) Alterations and Additions to a Bill transmitted out of Ireland, for encouraging the Linen and Hempen Manufacture in that Kingdom.

The Title to stand.

The Preamble, being Eight Lines, to the Word " and, " in the Qth Line, to stand.

The First Enacting Clause, beginning with the Word " And,' in the 9th Line, and ending next before the Word " And," writ in Capital Letters, in the 26th Line, to stand, except the Words " to continue for ever," in the 13th Line, which are to be left out; and, instead of them, to be inserted " to continue Twenty-one Years."

All the rest of the Lines of the First Skin, from the said Word " And," in the 26th Line; and all the Lines in the 2d, 3d, and 4th Skins; and the Two First Lines, to the Word "And," in the 3d Line of the 5th Skin; to stand.

The First Enacting Clause in the 5th Skin, beginning with the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in the 3d Line, and ending before the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in the 11th Line, to stand; with these Amendments; viz.

In the 4th Line, leave out the Words " for ever;" and, in the 5th Line, alter the Words " shall have," leave out the Words " a perpetual Succession," and, instead thereof insert the Words " Succession for Twenty-one " Years."

From the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in the 11 th Line of the 5th Skin, to the End of the said Skin; and to the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in the 37th Line of the 6th Skin; to stand; leaving out the Words " for ever," in Tw o Places, in the 12th Line of the 5th Skin; and inserting, after the Word " enter," and before the Word " his," in the 23d Line of the 6th Skin, the Words " or cause to be entered."

And from the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in the 37th Line in the 6th Skin, ending with the Word " convict," in the 40th Line, to stand.

And from the said Word " convict," tto the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in the 43d LinV to be left out; and, instead thereof, insert, " by due Course of " Law; and the Fines that shall be set by such Court, " where the said Person is convicted, to go, one Half to " the Informer, and the other Half to the Corporation " of such County where the said Offence shall be committed."

And from the said Word " And," in the 43d Line of the 6th Skin, to the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in the First Line of the 9th Skin, to stand.

And from the said Word " And," in the First Line of the qth Skin, to the Word " all," in the 4th Line of the , Vol. XII.

said Skin, to be left out; inserting, instead thereof, the Wooten Words, " Be it further Enacted, by the Authority afore- Manufact, re' " said, That all native or foreign Linen."

And from the Won! " Weavers," in the 4th Line of the said Skin, to the Word " Kingdom," in the 7th Line Of the said Skin, to stand.

And from the Word " Kingdom," in the 7th Line of the 9th Skin, to the Word " And," in Capital Letters, in' the 26th Line of the said Skin, to be left out.

And from the said Word " And,*' in die 26th Line of the 9th Skin, to the Word " and, " in finall Letters, in the 7th Line of the 10th Skin, to stand.

And from the said Word " and, " in the 7th Line of the said Skin, to the Word " viz"in the 8th Line of the ' said Skin, to be left out. '

From the said Word "viz."in the 8th Line of the said Skin," to the Word "for," in the nth Line, to stand. 1

And from the said Word "for," in the said Skin,-to the Word "Pence," in the 12th Line, to be left! out 1 ' - ‘

And from the said Word " Pence," in the 12th Line,' to the Word " Mark," in the 36th Line, to stand.

From the said Word " Mark," to the Word Pounds," in the 43d Line of the said Skin, to be left out.

From the Word " Pounds," to the Word "Pence," in the 48th Line of the said Skin, to stand.

From the said Word " Pence," to the Word " Pence," in the 50th Line of the said Skin, to be left out.

From the said Word " Pence," in the 50th Line, to the W ord " Pence," in the 51 Line of the said Skin, to stand.

From the said Word "Pence," in the 51th Line of the said Skin, to the End of the 25th Line of the nth Skin to stand.

From the Word " And," beginning the 26th Line of the said 11th Skin, to the End of the said Skin, to be left out.

" And be it further Enacted, That the said Directors " in each County shall, once every Year, pay to such " Persons as shall appear to them to be the most expert " in Spinning on the double Wheel, Five Pounds to " each; and to such Weaver that shall appear to them " most skilful in Weaving of Sail-cloth, also the Sum of " Five Pounds: Provided, That no such Sums of Five " Pounds shall be paid to one and the said Person more " than once.

" And be it further Enacted, That all Females above "the Age of Fourteen Years, excepting those of such " Families as, by reason of Poverty, are exempt from.

" Taxes, shall, every Year, deliver to such Persons as " shall be appointed by the Directors to receive it, in " each Parish, Twelve Lays of good, found, merchant-" able, unbleached Linen Yarn, or Thread, each Lay to " contain in Length Two-hundred Yards, and the whole " Twelve Lays not to weigh above Eight Ounces Averdupois; and that every Male above Fourteen Years of " Age, not in holy Orders, nor of such Families as, by " reason of Poverty, are exempt from Taxes, shall, every " Year, deliver to such Persons, in each Parish, appointed by the Directors as aforesaid, One Pound " of merchantable Raw Flax, and One Pound of like " merchantable Raw Hemp; the Persons so to be appointed by the said Directors to receive the said Linen,

" Thread and Yarn, Hemp and Flax, within the Bounda " of the respective Parishes: And in case such Persons " as are liable, by this Act, to deliver the said Yarn,

" Thread, Hemp, or Flax, do fail in the Delivery " thereof, each of them shall forfeit One Shilling, to be " levied by the same Person or Persons that shall be appointed by the said Directors to recover the said Duty,

" by Distress of their Goods and Chattels.

" And be it further Enacted, That all such Linen,

" Yarn, Thread, Hemp, or Flax, thus collected, shall " be fold and disposed of, by the said Directors of the " respective Counties, and the Product thereof, and

"whfct

43*

18° Januarii. . 1698.

Woollen

Mauut&ture.

" what shall be received by the Fines and Forfeitures " appointed by this Act, shall be the Fund or Stock, for " defraying the Charge of the said Corporations, in each " County respectively, and for promoting and encouraging the said Manufacture.

" Provided, That this Act shall continue in Force for " Twenty-one Years, and from thence to the End of the " next Session of Parliament, and no longer."

(N® D.) The laid Copy of a Representation upon the general State of the Trade of this Kingdom}

To the King's Most Excellent Majesty.

May it please your Majesty,

Preface relating to YOUR Majesty, by your Commission, the Commission. having required us, amongst other Things, to inquire, examine, and take an Account of, the State and Condition of the general Trade of,

and also of the several particular Trades to all foreign Parts, and how the same respe&lvely are advanced or decayed, and the Caul'es and Occasions thereof; and to inquire ipto, and examine, what Trades are or may prove hurtful, or are or may be made beneficial; and how advantageous Trades may be improved and extended, and such as are hurtful and prejudicial rectified or discouraged; and to inquire into the several Obstructions of Trade, and the Means of removing the fame; and also, in what Manner, and by what proper Methods, Trade may be most effectually protected and secured, in all the Parts thereof; and to consider by what Means the several useful'and profitable Manufactures, already settled, may be further improved, and how, and in what manner, new and profitable Manufactures may be introduced:

And that the Ships employed of late, in that Trade are not above One Half EngliJ/i Bottoms; and that the King of Sweden did, about the Year 1680, lay a Duty of above 50 per Cent, upon our Woollen Manufacture imported there; and encouraged Woollen Manufactures in his own Dominions, carried on by the Help of Wool from England, as we are informed, but exported thither by Way of Scotland; and encouraged the Expence of such, by the Example of the Court; and also, having Anno 1696, laid such Difficulties on the English Merchants, as have constrained them to leave the Country, did, by this means, so discourage the Importation of English Goods, that we have not exported thither the Value of 40,000l. per Annum, since the laying of those

Duties; by which, we are over-balanced about 200,000 per Annum, in Goods and Freight.

DENMARK and From Norway, and other Parts belonging to the King of Denmark, we find the Importation of Timber and Deals much augmented since the Fire of London, and Increase of'Buildings; and much thereof in foreign Bottoms, that, from Michaelmas 1691, to Michaelmas 1696, there were entered in the Custom-house at London 1,070 foreign Ships from those Parts, and but 39 of our Ships; English being charged there with some Duties more than Danes; and our Exportation of Goods thither not 10,000l.per Annum-, those People supplying themselves with what they want, chiefly from Holland and Hambrough: And therefore, we are over-balanced in that Trade, by Goods and Freight, at least 150,000l. per Annum.

FRANCE.

TRADE in General.

We have made Inquiries into the State of Trade in general, from the Year 1670, to the present Time; and, upon the best Calculations we can make, by the Duties paid at the Custom-house, we are of Opinion, That Trade in general did considerably increase from the End of the Dutch War in 1673, to Anno 1688, when the late War. began: But, Trade being subject to many Accidents and Variations, and all Accounts and Informations, relating the reunto, being liable to Objections, it does not appear n what Proportion, nor how much, each Trade hath increased from Year to Year: But, finding that we have imported from some Countries, Goods to a much greater original Value than we have exported thither; and it being certain, that some private Persons may enrich themselves, by trading in Commodities which may, at the same time, diminiffi the Wealth and Treasure of the Nation, to which no Addition can be made by Trade, but what is gained from Foreigners, and foreign Countries; and that such an Over-balance has not been made good by any Circulation in Trade or Exchange, so as to make such Trades advantageous to this Nation, as they have, of late, been carried on; we have, in our Inquiries, particularly distinguished the same from others, that have a better Foundation; conceiving that such Trades have occasioned the Exportation of Coin, or Bullion, or hindered the Importation thereof.

TRADE with SWEDEN and the BALTICK.

The Iron, Hemp, Pitch, Tar, Wire, Masts, and Deals, (a) [imported] from and the South Side

of the Baltick Sea, we find, hath much increased upon

us; and that the First Cost, of late Years, amounts to above 200,000l. per Annum; viz.

£. s. d.

Iron -Hemp

Wire ' -

Pitch and Tar Copper, Masts, Deals, other Goods -

70.000 ——

90.000 -

10.000 — —

Furs, and|

15,000 ——

20,000 ——

£. 205.000 ——

(a) Supplied from tht Copy which was presented to the House.

From France the Importations have gradually increased, from Anno 1670, to the Beginning of the late War, in Wines, Brandies, Silks, Linen, and many Sorts of other Goods; for though there was a Prohibition of French Wine during some of those Years, yet it was brought in under other Names; and, in the same Years, our Exportations thither have decreased.

The 1 ft Computation that we find of that Trade, stands in the Books we have in our Custody, in a Report made by Sir Geo. Downing, then One of the Commissioners of the Customs, to the Lords of the Privy-Council, then a Committee for Trade, dated the 9th of March 1675; where it is calculated, that in One Year there were imported from France, as many Silks as amounted to 300,000l.; Linens, 500,700l.; Wines, 11,000 Tuns; Brandies, 4,000 Tuns; computed, together, at 217,000l.; which, with Salt, Paper, Prunes, Vinegar, and oilier Commodities, upon the First Cost in France, amounted, in all, to 1,136,150/. 4s.; besides Point-laces, and w hat was brought in privately; and that our Exports to France, the same Year, amounted to but 171,021/. 6j. 8

And although we believe, that the Silks and Linens are over-valued in the said Report; yet we suppose, that the Goods then brought in privately, not there estimated, and the Increase of the Importation of Wine and Brandy, after that Time, are equivalent to that Over-valuation; for, by other Computations, we are informed, That, Anno 1685, the Wines imported thence amounted to above 20,000 Tuns, And the Brandies 6,000 Tuns; and, by the Receipt of the Excise, it appears, that in the 1 ear ending at Midsummer 1689, ^ie Imports of Brandies amounted to near 8,000 Tuns; of which, we suppose, very little came then from any Place but France; and we are informed, That the Wines that Year exceeded 20,000 Tuns.

And the French King having, Anno 1654, 1660, 1664, and 1667, increased the Duties on our Woollen Goods, and on our Lead, Tin, Coals, Tobacco, Sugar, Fith, and other Commodities, which are usually imported into his Dominions; and ahb laid an Imposition of 50 Tournois per Ton on all English Ships; and restrained the Importation of Woollen Manufactures, to his Ports of Calais and Deipe, and other Goods to some other inconvenient Ports; and, in Anno 1686, laid great Duties

oa

I o W. III. 18° Januafti. 43 3

on all Eafi-India Goods, and restrained their Importation also tofelect Ports; and, at the same time, by Example and otherwise, encouraging the Consumption of the Cloths, Stuffs, Silks, and other Goods, made by his ow n People; nil which amounted to a Prohibition, in many Cafes, of receiving Goods from England; we are of Opinion, That we have l»een over-balanced in that Trade, iu most of the said Years, about One Million per Annum.

EAST INDIA.

From the Eujl Indies, our Importations, from the Year 1670 to Annoit>8S, have amounted, upon the Sales here,

to about 1,000,000 I. per Annum, as we arc informed; of which, we suppole, about One Half is usually re-exported; and our Exports in Goods, for those Parts, did not exceed 70,000l. per Annum; and in Bullion, entered by the Company, from the Year 1675 to 1685, about 400,000l. per Annum: But what was more exported in Bullion, for the Carrying on of that Trade from England and by

private Traders to those Parts, we have no certain Information.

SPAIN, PORTUGAL, ITALY, TURKEY, BARBARY, and GUINEA.

From Spain, Portugal, Italy, Turkey, Barbary, and Guinea, we humbly conceive, the Importations of Goods have not exceeded the Exportations; and that there come from those Parts many Goods that are improvable by a further Manufacture here; and, the said Trades being chiefly carried on by the Exportation of our Products and Manufactures, and very advantageous by the Re-exportation of Goods received from thence, wc humbly conceive they deserve all Encouragement.

PLANTATIONS.

From your Majestys Plantations in America, great Quantities of Sugar, Tobacco, and other Goods, are usually imported, exceeding much in Value the Goods exported thitlier: But, the better Half of such Goods being lent from hence to Markets abroad, after having paid considerable Duties here, although the more Southern Colonies are much more benelicial to England than the Northern, yet, being all contribute to the taking off" great 'Quantities of our Woollen Goods, other Products, and Handicraft Wares, and to maintain and increase our Navigation; and the Inhabitants being your Majesty's Subjects, we humbly conceive, the Trade to and from those Colonies deserves the greatest Encouragement, and will be very advantageous, as long as the Acts of Navigation and Trade be duly observed.

And whereas the Planting and curing of Tobacco, Sugar, Cotton, Indigo, and Ginger, the chief Commodities of those Plantations, to make them most advantageous to this Nation, and beneficial to the Planters, is belt carried on by the Labour of Negroes, we humbly conceive it convenient, that all Encouragement should be given, that the said Colonies be supplied plentifully with Negroes, and at the cheapest Rates.

HAMBURGH.

The Trade to Hamburgh is very advantageous; for from that great Mart, most Part of Germany is supplied with our Woollen Manufactures, and other Commodities of the Growth of these Kingdoms, or of your Majesty's Plantations, which pay at Hamburgh but final! Duties, by reason of the Privileges which your Majesty's Subjects enjoy there, preferably to all others; and our Returns thence are in Goods for necessary Use, and not such as feed Luxury; We, therefore, are humbly of Opinion, That this Trade have all Encouragement, as being very beneficial to this Nation, and to your Majesty's Subjects established there.

HOLLAND and FLANDERS.

From Flanders and Holland our Trades have been much enlarged, daring the late War, from what they were before; and we do not foresee how they can hereafter bave the Advantage of an Over-balance over us, if the Act of Navigation, prohibiting the Importation of Goods Vo*,. NIL

from any Country but such as are ot their own Growth and Manufacture, and the Laws for prohibiting Lace from Flanders, S$c. be duly observed and executed.

RUSSIA.

From Riiffia, our Importations, computed Upon the first Cost there, have not exceeded our Exportations; and it is a Trade which, we suppose, may be improved, as well by tha Expence of Tobacco, as of ourWoollen and other Goods:

But the present Company, who have the foie Manage- merit of that Trade, being reduced to 13 Persons, are lb finall a Number, that it should not be so narrowly confined; Therefore, we are humbly of Opinion, That if more of your Majesty's Subject9 were admitted into that Company, under small Fines, as is appointed in the same of the East-land Company, by the Act of 35 Car. lid. Cap. 7, it would be a Means to enlarge the Ibid.Trade, and make the Benefits more extensive to your Majesty's Subjects.

FISHERIES.

During the said Course of Years, our Fishing Trades to Newfoundland, Greenland, and the Northern Seas, as likewise on our own Coast for Pilchards and Herrings, have decreased; occasioned, as we presume, by the In-create of other Trades, which have been found more beneficial to the Traders, and ealy to the Seamen; which has drawn off our People from those Trades, and given Opportunities to Foreigners, more used to hard Labour and Diet, to get a great Share of them.

REMEDIES relating to SWEDEN, and the

BALTICK.

To remedy the Inconveniency this Nation suffers by the Trade to Sweden, and the South Side of the;

since your Majesty's Kingdom of Ireland is capable to afford Hemp and Flax, which may be brought thence in English Ships, and, probably, within a short time, may be improved and increased, to be as good, and as cheap, as what comes from those Places; we humbly conceive, if, besides the Encouragements given by an Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of your Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland; and bringing Flax and Hemp into, and making of Sail-cloth in, this Kingdom; and what-we humbly represented, upon that Subject, the 31st of August last; a further Inducement could be given by your Majesty's Commissioners of the Navy, by settling a Fund in Ireland, to take from thence what Iiemp they may want for your Majesty's Navy, at such Rates paid there, in ready Money, as may be thought sufficient to encourage the Sowing and Cultivating of that Commodity there; it may so far be promoted, that, in a shorttime, that Kingdom may produce Hemp and Flax iiiificient, not only to furnish themselves for carrying on the Linen Manufacture, but this Kingdom, also, with what may be necessary for all Occasiona: And if the Agents lately lent, by your Majesty's DireCnons, to New-England, in order to have Pitch, Tar, and Copper, from thence have the Success designed; and the Use of English Iron, and what comes from be promoted,

in all Cases, where the Advantage the Swedish Iron hath, by Toughness, doth not make it abl'olutely necessary, it may be hoped, this Trade may be brought to near a Balance in a short time: But if the King could be

prevailed with to revoke his Order, made in iG8o, by which he laid great Duties on English Goods; and to grant a Permission to the English Merchants, that they may reside in Stockholme, and other Parts of his Dominions, with an Exemption from high Duties, and with such Privileges as may enable them to trade freely, as usually granted to your Majesty's Subjects by other Princes in Amity with your Majesty; it would also cob* tribute to make this Trade more ealy and beneficial.

REMEDIES relating to DENMARK and

NORJVAY

To remedy the Inconveniencies this Nation suffers by the Trade to Denmark, being the Carriage of bulky

Goods, which employ most Shipping, amounts to near

5 S

Woollen

Manufklhtrfe

434

18 Januarii

..1698*

Woollen as much as the first Cost; and the Ships only proper for Manutuflure. that Trade are those commonly called Catts, not convenient for any other Trade but for that and the;

being we have not any N umber of them of Built,

nor can build any of them but with double the Cost of what are built in foreign Parts; and that we cannot build a sufficient Number for the Carrying on of that Trade, without, probably, losing more by the Carriage of such Goods, in the mean time, than the Ships may cost; and being also they will beuleful to balance the Trade with Swedland;we humbly conceive it may be convenient, That it be enacted, That all Ships that may be employed in the Trade to Denmark or Sweden, bought within the Term of Five Years, and constantly owned, and failed, by the Natives of this Kingdom, may be naturalized, and have the Privilege of Enbuilt Ships: And, for promoting the Consumption of our Goods there, a Privilege obtained for our Merchants to reside and trade freely, paying small Duties on all Goods from and

nothing extraordinary imposed on English Ships, would be a means to consume more Goods, there, and employ more of our Ships, and alter the Balance of that Trade.

REMEDIES relating to To remedy the Inconveniencies that may be apprehended by a Trade with France', being the Goods formerly imported from thence did lb much exceed our Exports, and may again if that Trade be laid open, and this Nation (liould run into the like fond Expence of Commodities from thence, before your Majesty be assured of a Relaxation of the Edi6ts there, and such Freedom allowed to your Subjects as may afford a mutual Conveniency, by the Consumption of our Goods there; being the French King did, by several Arrests and Tariffs, before the late War, impose such Duties and Restraints upon many of the Goods usually exported hence, as amounted to a Prohibition; and hath, as we are informed, since the late Peace, by an Edict of the 19th of October last, in general Words, referring to all Nations, confirmed the same with some additional Severities, and expressly prohibiting the Importation of the most valuable Ea/t-India Goods; we humbly conceive. That the Duties and Impositions now charged on French Goods cannot be taken off without laying this Nation open to a great Disadvantage by that Trade, till, by a Treaty of Commerce, Matters relating to Trade can be settled on such Conditions as may prevent the like Over-balance for the future.

And whereas Trade depends on Sale and Consumption; and that nothing but a Lessening of the Expence of French Goods can, probably, reduce that Trade to a Balance; w e humbly propose, That the Wearing and Using, of our home-made Silks, Cloth, Stuffs, and other useful Goods, may be encouraged by your Majesty's Royal Example, and the Example of your Court; and that the Manufacture in this Kingdom of Luftrings and Alamodes, and of all other Silks, and of Linen, and Paper, may be promoted; which may be a means not only to lessen the Importation from France, but to give a large Employment to your People here.

And whereas Brandy, before the Year 1660, was imported in lb small Quantity, that we do not find any Mention of it in the Book of Rates then made j and the Expence of it hath since increased to near 8,000 Tuns per Annum, which, reckoning one Sort with another at 20/. per Tun, may cost in France near 160,000l. annually; since it hath been found, by Experience, to have occasioned Debauchery, prejudicial to the Health of your Majesty's Subjects, and Loss of many of their Lives; and proved a great Hindrance to the Consumption of Malt; if it could be totally prohibited, we humbly conceive, it would be for the Good of your People, and Eale of the Nation, in carrying on of this Trade.

REMEDIES relating to EAST INDIA.

To remedy, in some manner, the inconvenience which may arile from the Exportation of Bullion to the East Indies ,we humbly conceive, That, unless the East India u6

Company shall make it appear, that their constant Re-, exportation (of Goods brought from the do

occasion the Bringing in of as much Bullion as they first carried out, it may be requisite, that the Wearing or Consumption of the manufactured Goods of Per-. Jia, or China, made of Silk, or Herb, or mixt with either of those Materials, as also of painted or stained Callicoes, and of all Handicraft Wares, imported from those Parts, be discouraged and lefl'ened in these Kingdoms, and your Majesty's Plantations in America.

And whereas a great Trade may be carried on from one Part of the East Indies to another, in English Shipping, by which so much Gain may be made as will procure a great Part of the Goods we receive from thence; we therefore humbly conceive, That Trade ought to be much encouraged.

REMEDIES relating to FISHERIES.

To remove the Difficulties under which our Fisheries for Greenland, and upon our own Coasts, and the Coasts of Ireland, now labour, we humbly conceive, That the Greenland Company, and the Royal Fishery of England, being, as we are informed, now intent upon the exerting some new Endeavours, in pursuance of each of their respective Powers, the said Companies do deserve all possible Encouragement, as Occasion, from time to time, shall require.

And for the NezifoundlandFilhery, after the Care your Majesty has already taken, in the Recovery of that Country, and fortifying St. John's, the principal Harbour there; for the Security thereof; we can at present add nothing further, than that there be a due Execution of the Wel'tern Charter; and that your Majesty would be pleased to allow', from time to time, proper Convoys for the Security of those Ships from Sally Men, and other Sea-Rovers, that are used to molest that Trade.

MANUFACTURES.

We have also, in pursuance of your Majesty's laid Commission, made Inquiries into the State and Condition of our Manufactures; and how they may be improved.

WOOLLEN MANUFACTURE.

We are of Opinion, That the Woollen Manufacture^ which we take to be the most valuable, hath very much increased since the Year 1670, and that our Weavers and Makers are improved in making several useful Sorts, with great Variety: But we find, that it is in Danger to be much prejudiced by die Growth of the like Manufactures made in other Countries, much promoted by Wool carried from England, Scotland, and Ireland: We are informed, That great Quantities are frequently landed in Holland from Scotland, which w'e suppose is most carried thither out of England or Ireland', particularly, there was landed at Rotterdam, from Scotland, in (a) [the Beginning of] October last, 982 Bags; and that from and other Places on the Coast of Kent and Sussex, there hath been imported into Calais, and other Partiin France, according to the best Computation we can get, near 2,000. Sacks, per Annum, ever since this War; each Sack containing 240 lb.; which Wool, unwrought, thus carried out, is lb great a Help to the Working up of Wool of foreign Growth, that other Nations do now make great Quantities of Woollen Manufactures, to the great Hindrance of those made in England, and Detriment of this Nation. WOOLLEN MANUFACTURE in IRELAND.

We also find, That the Woollen Manufacture in Ire-

laud hath increased since the Year 1665, as 1 bllows;

New Draperies. Old Draperies. Frize.

Anno Pieces. Pieces. Yards.

1665 - - - 224 3* 444,38*

1687 - - - 11,3bO 103 1,129,716

1696 - 4,413 34i 104,167

Upon Confederation of all which, we humbly conceive. That it is also absolutely necessary, for the Preservation of this Manufacture, that the Laws against carrying of Woot («) Supplied from the Copy which was presented to the House.

out

t

1

io W. III.

18 Januarih

435

out of England into Scotland, and out of Ireland to any Place but England, and those against carrying it out of England unwrought, may be strictly put in Execution: And, in order to divert your Majesty's Subjects in Ireland from their Application to the Woollen Manufacture, that all possible Encouragement be given them towards carrying on that of the Linen; that, having a full Employment therein, the Woollen may be entirely reserved to England.

SILK MANUFACTURE.

We also find, That the Manufacture of Silk hath much iocrcale^l since the Year 1670; and that our English Weavers do make several Sorts as good as any made in foreign Parts; but that the Weavers are under a great Discouragement to make them, and the Shop-keepers to store their Shops with them, left the Sale of them should be hipdered by Silks from Fra, especially such as depend upon Figures and Fashions; those coming from thence being generally preferred by the Consumer, before what is invented by our Weavers here.

LINEN MANUFACTURE.

We do not find, That the Linen Manufacture in this Kingdom hath made any great Progress of late: The, Stock febicribed for that Purpose was loon diverted by a Stock-jobbing Trade; and, thereby, the Corporation disabled to promote it: And though that Corporation do (till subsist, they have not any Looms; but what Linens they fell at their Sales, are only such as they buy of Weavers in Yorkshire, Durham, and Lancashire: But we find, not only those, but other Counties, are capable to afford great Quantities of Hemp snd Flax; and therefore, as good Linen, for all ordinary Uses, may be made in England, as any that comes from abroad; and it is a Manufacture that would be of great Ule for the Employment of both Sexes, from Five Years old and upwards; and that, in remote Counties, Wages are cheap, and the People inclined to carry on the said Manufacture; which, if it could be increased, would give a great Employment to the Poor, and prevent the Importation of great Quantities of Linens now imported on us from France, and other foreign Countries: Wherefore, we are humbly of Opinion, That Encouragement be given to the said Manufacture, by keeping on a considerable Duty on all Linens imported, except from Ireland; and by such other Ways as may be thought convenient.

PAPER MANUFACTURE.

We find, That the Paper Manufacture hath also been hindered by the Perversion of the Stock subscribed for that Purpose, into a Stock-jobbing Trade: The Corporation now in being having but Eight Mills of their own; they make, as we are informed, of all Sorts, about

100,000 Reams per Annum, of white Paper:

We humbly conceive, it is also a very useful Manufacture, deserving all Encouragement; and that we may improve, to make as good as what comes from abroad: But the want of white Rags, which are the chief Material for that Commodity, hath proved a great Hindrance to the Progress of it:

But, for the Encouragement of it, we humbly conceive, That all Paper imported ought to pay a higher Duty than Paper made at home.

OBSTRUCTIONS to TRADE.

We have also inquired into the Obstructions in Trade; and how such may be removed, to render it more beneficial; and are humbly of Opinion, That, by the great . Changes and Variations which have happened in Trade, since the making the Book of Rates, Anno 1660, and some Impositions since laid on Commodities, the Duties collect ed have proved great Obstructions to feme Trades, and given Advantage to our neighbouring Nations; as the Duties on coarle Sugars, and Materials for Dyeing, and on some other Goods, by what is repaid by Debentures when re-exported, being made cheaper to be manufactured in foreign Parts, than here at home; which hath occasioned the Lois of a great Part of our Dyeing Trade, and of that of refining Sugars, and of feme others; and, Vox. XII.

by the Fall in Price of feme Commodities, and Advance Woollea of others, since the making of that Book, the Duties now Manufacture. collected are unequal; and being, that of 1,400 Commodities there enumerated, we do not find above 400 useful for a further Manufacture, or for Naval Stores, nor often re-exported, except to the Plantations; the rest being most Goods and Handicraft Wares, perfectly manufactured abroad, or Commodities only useful to increase Luxury, consumed at home; and, under the Title of Customs outward, feme of the Manufactures and Products of this Nation charged with considerable Duties, which we suppose hath proved a Hindrance to their Exportation:

Wherefore, for a general Relief to Trade, and for: preventing all Advantages taken by our neighbouring Nations, we humbly offer, That a Book of Rates be made, wherein due Care may be taken in settling of the several Rates and Duties, by easing those Commodities that are for a further Manufacture, or otherwise necessary or convenient; and by loading such other Commodities as may appear hurtful to England; which, without di* minishing your Majesty's Revenue, may remove most Ob- structions, that are now obvious, in the carrying on of such Trades as are good, and be a Hindrance, or final. Discouragement, to such as are bad.

TRANSFERRING of BONDS, % c.

And, whereas a great Part of Trade is carried on by Credit and Trust in dealing; we humbly conceive, if it were enacted, That it shall not hereafter be in the Power of any Person that hath, by any Writing under his Hand, testified by Two Witnesses, assigned or transferred any Bond, Bill, or Note, made to him by any other Person, to make void, release, or discharge the said Bond, Bill,-or Note, or any of the Money due on such Bond, Bill, or Note, or any Part thereof, after such Assignment; but that such Assignee shall have the same Right, Power, and Authority to fee such Person, indebted by such Bond,

Bill, or Note, in his own Name, and to recover the Money so due, as if such Bond, Bill, or Note, had been made originally to himself; that then Traders would more frequently take Bonds, Notes, or Bills, for fuclr Goods as they may fell, to be paid at time; and would transfer and assign the same to others, as their Occasions may require; and thereby make such Bonds, Bills, and Notes, very useful and subservient for the carrying on and increasing of Trade. 1

BY-LAWS of CORPORATIONS.

And, having observed, that, among the several Statutes formerly made relating to Trade, and the many By-laws of particular Corporations, there are some which prove Obstructions to the general Good of Trade; we are humbly of Opinion, That if a new Book of Rates be made,

That may be a proper time to consider of those Laws, and to propose necessary Remedies.

SCOTCH EAST-INDIA COMPANY; PIRATES j and ACT of NAVIGATION.

And whereas we have upon several Occasions, repre-fented to your Majesty the Dangers which threaten our Trade, from the Scotch East-bidia Company, and from the Increase of Pirates in the East and; as

also from the Breaches made upon the Act of Navigation; and other Matters referring to the Plantations; in which your Majesty hath been graciously pleased to signify your Royal Pleasure; we humbly conceive, it may not be necessary at present to repeat the fame.

All which, nevertheless, is most humbly submitted.

Signed, J. Bridgwatct',

Tankerv

Ph. Meadows,

Whitehall,23 December Wm.

1697. John PoU

Abr. HiU,

Geo. Stepny.

(N* E.) The said Copy of a Representation, upon a Memorial from the Turkey Company, relating to the East India Company's interfering with them in the Vent of Woollen Manufactures in Persia; viz.

To

ffoolltn

M&nufadnre*

436 18* Januariu A 1698*

To the Kings Most Excellent Majesty.

May it please your Majesty,

IN Obedience to your Majesty s Commands, signified to us by Mr. Secretary Trumbull That we should hear the Turkey and East India Company, upon the Matter of

a Petitiob, presented to your Majesty by the Turkey Company, relating to the East India Company 's interfering with their Trade in the Woollen Manufacture; and thereupon report to your Majesty our Opinion; we most humbly represent to your Majesty;

That, having accordingly heard both the said Parties, and otherwise iuquined into that Matter, we find, That the East India Company being obliged, by a Clause in their Charter, for the better Increase of Trade, yearly to export, and carry to the East-IndieGoods of the Growth

Prodbct, or Manufacture, of this Kingdom, so many as shall amount to («) [the Value of]One hundred thousand Pounds; they have thereupon, amongst other things, exported considerable Quantities of Draperies; but, not finding an advantageous Vent for them in India, they have afterwards transported a great Part thereof to and

particularly to Tatiris, and other Northern Parts of that Country, which were formerly supplied with Draperies from the Turkey Company's Factories at Constantinople, Smyrna, and principally Allepo:

1 hat, by this means, though the East India Company, seem to have complied with the Words of their Chatter; yet your Majesty's Intent and Meaning the rein, as we humbly conceive, is wholly frustrated; their transporting such Quantities of Draperies to the Northern Parts of Persia having diminifoed the Turkey Company's Trade to those Parts, in the fame, if not a greater. Proportion.

That it is aWo justly to be feared, the Disturbance of so considerable a Trade as that of the Turkey Company, and turning it, in this manner, out of its ancient Channel, Uiay be attended with many pernicious Consequences: A»d> amongst the rest, it is unquestionable, that, by the fiterfering of these Two Companies, in offering to Sale the feme Commodity, in the feme Market, the Price and Value of ths^t Commodity, viz. oyr Woollen Manufacture, jn those Parts, must of Necessity fink, to the manifest prqjudifce of England.

Upon which Considerations, we are most humbly of Opinion, That in pursuance of the true End of the fore-mentioned Clause in the East India Company's Charter; <ciz. for the better Increase of Trade, and encouraging jthe Exportation.of Goods and Merchandizes, of the Growth, Product, and Manufacture, of this Kingdom; jt is hot convenient, that the said Company ftvouM transport any greater Quantities of Draperies into Persia than they Wve formeny done; but that, by your Majesty's Recommendation and Influence, they be either induced, or else, by Act of Parliament, obliged, to vend the greater Quantities, which they are now required to send to the East Indies, at whatsoever Market they find most convenient, either in India, China, or elsewhere, at

such Distance from those Places where the Turkey Company have usually traded, as may prevent the Interfering, notv complained of, between those Two Companies, and produce the intended Advantage to England, according 'to the said Clause.

AH which, nevertheless, is most hombly fnbmitted.

Signed, J.

Whitehall, Ph. Mea

19th January,1693-. John Po

(N° F.) The aforesaid Copy of a Representation on the Petition of the Turky Company, praying, That the new East India Company may not be under any positive Obligation of exporting Draperies.

To their Excellencies the Lords Justices,

May it please your Excellencies,

HAVING in Obedience to tas Majesty's Commands, humbly laid before his Majesty, the 19th of last,

.our Opinion upon the Turky Company's Petition, re-(a) Supplied from the Copy which was pretested to the House.

lating to a Clause in the East India Company's Charter, whereby they are obliged, yearly, to export to the East Indies, Goods of the Growth, Product, or Manufacture, of this Kingdom, to the Value of 100,000l.; which the Turley Company complained of as prejudicial to their Trade, and even to the Interest of England, in the Vent of the Woollen Manufacture; and the Right Honourable Mr. Secretary Vernon having again signified to us his Majesty's Pleasure, upon the renewed Petition of the Turky Company, That the aforesaid Clause should be omitted in the new Charter, to be granted to the late Subscribers, and they left to their own Liberty in thaft Particular; requiring us to consider thereof; and report out* Opinion, Whether it be for the Advantage of the Kingdom in general, that the said Clause be omitted in the new Charter, or how fer it may be fit to be qualified for the best Improvement of Trade, and the greatest Exportation of the Woollen Manufacture; we numbly report to your Excellencies, in Confirmation of what we formerly laid before his Majesty, That, the East India Company not haying been able to vend in India the Quantities of Draperies, which, in Conference of the said Clause, they were obliged to carry thither; and being forced, therefore, to transport a great Part thereof into Persia, which has really interfered with the Turky Company'* Vent of those Commodities in that Country; we ar* humbly of Opinion, That this Kingdom hath not thereby received any manner of Advantage:

Yet, nevertheless, hot thinking it advisable, that $ Clause which has been thought to tend to the Consumption of our Woollen Manufacture, should be wholly Omitted, we have difeourfed with some of the principal Trustees for the late Subscribers, in order to the qualify ing it, as required, in the best manner possible, for a National Interest; and, being satisfied by them, that it would hot only be imreasonable, that they, whole Trade at first will be but lineH, though it may annually increase, should from the very Beginning, be put under the Obligation of exporting to a fixed Sum, so disproportiomtte to their Trade; but that it is even impoffibie to be complied withal, unless the whole Body of Traders to India were united in One Angle Company; and having understood from them, that, for the avoiding of these Difficulties* they had already contented, and, in some fort agreed* with the Right Honourable the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury, That, whatever the Value of their Trade should be, they would transport, annually, the Tenth Part of it, in the manner prescribed by the fore-mentioned Clause; we humbly represent to your Excellencies, That their laid Agreement, or Proposal, in these Circumstancea* appears onto us reaibhable: And if thereunto be added, an Obligation upon them, That what Draperies they may thus export to India, they shall not themselves, or by their Agents* tarry, or cause to be carried, into Persia; we humbly conceive, the Exportation of such Quantities, under such Refer ict ion, will tend to the Advantage of this Kingdom.

All which, nevertheless, is most humbly submitted.

Signed, Ph.

Whitehall, John

qth August 1698. John Lock,

Abr. Hill.

(N°G.) The said Copy of a Representation, upon the said Two Bills tranlinitted from Ireland; the one laying a Duty upon Woollen Manufactures exported; -and the other encouraging the Manufacture of Elax and Hemp.

To their Excellencies the Lords Justices.

May it please your Excellencies,

IN Obedience to your Excellencies Order in Council, of the 4th Instant, requiring us to consider of Two Bill* lately traufinitted from Ireland, intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty upon Woollen Manufactures exported out of this Kingdom; and, an Act for encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Hemp (a) [in this

(a.) Supplied from the Copy which was prefeated to the Ikwfe.

Kingdom}

to W. III. tT Januariu 437

Kingdom]; and to report our Opinion upon them, with the Conditions here proposed, may be allb proper in -such Amendments add Additions as we mould think ne- land.

cefiary; we, having accordingly considered the lame, do humbly report to your Excellencies;

That we conceive it not necessary to make any Altera-' tions whatsoever in the first fore-mentioned Act; though-we cannot but offer to your Excellencies Consideration, > That the Duties thereby laid on Broad-Cloth, of which' very little is made there, is 20 per .; but the Duty1 on New Draperies, of which much is made, is but 10 per Cent.

And, upon the other Bill, we humbly offer unto your Excellencies the Sollowing Amendments and Addition's,/ with the Reaions thereunto Subjoined;

Skin 2 L. 38. after the Word "Default," add "and " the said Grand Jury, after they have examined the said " Account, shall. give a fair Copy thereof, with their " Opinion thereupon, unto the said Judge, or Judges, to " be by them lodged in the Chancery of this Kingdom, "for publick Satisfaction:"

This Addition, as we humbly conceive, will be a means to enforce the more careful Inspection of the Accounts hereby directed to be made; and, accordingly, tend to the publick Service.

Skin the 3d, Line the 2d, after the Words " for," and before the Word "in," add "yearly, at the Lent " Assizes."

We do not understand, that, by the Word in the A3, as they (land without this Addition, there is any Obligation to account for this 100l. per , any

more than One Year; because the 300l. unto which Reference is here made for the manner of accounting for this 100l. is to be accounted for but once.

Skin 4. L. 31. instead of the Words "and levied," write "levied, and accounted for:"

(a) [L. 33. instead of the Words " and disposed " of," write " disposed of, and accounted for

The Obligation upon any Receiver to account for the Money received, Speaks its own Reason.

Skin5. L. 18. instead of the Words "by deposed," write " be deposed:"

This is a literal Error.

Skin 6. L. 25. after the Word " Sessions," add " beingfatisfied, by the Report of Such Justice or Justices " of the Peace, with the Cause and Reason of their Commiital of Such Persons;" and, after the Word "make," leave out " Such:"

L. 27. from the Word " for," in the Beginning of this Line, to the Words ." and to the Intent," in tlte 34 Line, to be left out; and, instead thereof) write " the Space " of Three Years longer; or, in case they are not Satisfied " with the Cause and Reason of their Committal of Such " Person, as aforesaid, to Set them at Liberty: Provided " always, That if, at any future Court of Quarter-Sessions, during the Continuapce of the Said Three Years,. " it shall seem reasonable unto the said Court, from the " Deportment of any Such Person or Persons, so committed and confined, that the said Person or Persons. " be discharged from Such their Committal and Confinement before the Expiration of the Three Years, for " which they Stood So committed, it shall and may then " be lawful for Such Court, upon Sufficient Security given, " that Such Person or Persons, as aforesaid, will duly apply themselves to Work and Labour, and will not beg, " or use Such loose or idle Course of Life, as aforesaid, " . during the Space of Three Years, to be reckoned from " the Time of their giving Such Security, and not otherwise, to make an Order, that any of the said Person or. " Persons be then discharged, and set at Liberty We have observed, That, in the late Acts for erecting of Hospitals and Work-houses in the City of and

other Places in England, a Power is given to commit all such loose and idle Persons to Work-houses, and there keep them at Work for the Space of Three Years absolute; and, therefore, are of Opinion, That the same Time, under

(a) Supplied from the Copy which was presented to the Houfs.

VOL XII.

Skin 6. L. 42. instead of the Word " Eighteen," write *f One-and-Twentyand, instead of " Sixteen," write *? Eighteen:"

We humbly conceive, That the Continuance of Male and Female Children in Work-houses, or Working-Schools, to the respective Years we have here set down, will be an Advantage not only to themselves, by continuing them at honest Labour during that Part of their Life in which they may be moll likely to miscarry, and till they are well perfected in some Part of this Manufacture; but allb to the WTork-houses, or Working-Schools, where they shall be kept, by Some Profit that may then be made of their Labour; and we have been also the rather induced to prolong this Time, in this manner, because we find the same Time allowed afterwards by this Act for Children to be bound to private Persons.

Skin 7. L. 12. from the Word " Kingdom," to the Words "And be it further," in the 14 Line, to be left out:

The Proviso here omitted is already provided for, by the Alteration in the foregoing Skin, as we humbly conceive.

Skin 7. L. 36. leave out " laid;" and, after the Word " Overseers," add " hereafter appointed to have the " Direction and Management of the said Schoo|-house:"

This Addition we thought necessary to denote the Persons here intended.

Skin 8. L. lall but Two, from the Word " determined," to the Words " And be it further," in the 13 Line of the 9th Skin, to be left out:

We fear, left the Power hereby given, to remove Children quite away from their Parents, merely upon Account of Religion, would hinder many from being Sent to the Working-schools.

Skin 1 o. L. 7. after the Word whatsoever," add. " Provided always, That no Part of the Profit, or Increase, of the publick Stock afore-mentioned shall, " upon any Account, be diverted or employed to any " other Use or Purpose, than the Establishing, promoting, and carrying on, the aforesaid Flaxen and Hempen " Manufactures, so long as the same can or may be employed, and made use of, in such respective County, " City, or Town, to the Ends aforesaid, according to " the true Intent and Meaning of this Act

The Design of this Act being singly to promote the Flaxen and Hempen Manufacture, we humbly conceive this Proviso necessary to prevent the diverting of any. thing that may be helpful to it, contrary to the Intention. either of the publick Charge, or of any private Donation that may be made for carrying it on.

Skin 11. L. 24. the Words " rough Hemp, or Flax," to be left out:

The Reason of the Omission here proposed is, because we conceive, any Encouragement given to the Importation of Hemp or Flax, will be a Discouragement to the Sowing of Land therewithal; which seems to be moll absolutely necessary for the End intended.

Sk. 11. L. 26. after the Word "free," add "yet " so, that the Exporters and Importers of any such Goods " shall be obliged to make due Entries thereof at the " Custom-house:"

This seems always necessary, that the State of this Manufacture may at any time be the better known.

Skin 11. L. 33. after the Word " our," and before the Word " One," write " Lord:"

This Error is plain.

Skin 12. L. 18. viz. the 3 Line after the Blank, instead of the Word " he," in the Beginning of this Line, write "they;" and after the Word "be," and before, the Word " excused," write " respectively

This Alteration better explains the Sense.

Sk. 13. L. 11. from the Word " them," to the Words " And be it," in the 15th Line, to be left out:

5 T The

Woollen

Manufacture.

d

ifryaHVflriii

ife'-lumM'to W' Wtjiflttd, tetag for i the Repeal of that Part of an Act, in the 17.of K4ttg‘ Cfikrles the id, which rdafos id Hete^jor

Flax; we huhibly conceive, ^Tfitt-the/^'fttwJa'^JW be'so much seeming Discouragement to the Sowing' bfHertip and Flax in Inland, as the repealing a La*v tirat tojokiB it,

Before a better be enacted; yvhichwe do dot underflarid to have beenyet done.' ' ' '

Skirt 13. L. 25. instead of the Words " iti this Kirtg* " tiom," write ^within the County in winch he, (he, of they " rglpectively have so wrought, and been irtltrufted J ^e hutrtWy conceive this Restriction neeeffafy to pne*-vght the Drawing of {kilful Workmen, who have beCn tjtlight and raised at the Charge of one County, into another; whereby the Manufgfture would be hindered from becoming universal.

‘ Skin 14th, L. 21. leave out the Word " Custom:"

We are doubtful, left the Word " Custom," here used, may be extended to signify his Majesty's Customs upon the Expdrtation or Importation of Commodities; and therefore propose, that it may be omitted: But if it be confined only to Tolls, and other such-like ftnall local Duties, we nave no ObjectionagairtWthat Word.

Skin 14. L. last but Ope, after the Words " Fourpence," add *‘And be it aifofiirthet enacted, That all Treasurers, or Receivers, and Governors, of Workhouses, or School-houses, appointed by this Act, shall, " besides the Accounts which they are required to give " unto the Persons appointed to receive and inspect the " fame, give also, and' deliver,- Duplicates of the same " Accounts, undet their relbcftive Hands and Seals, to " the respective Persons unto ' whom they are accountable; that the said Accounts' may, by them, be transmitted lo the Lord Chancellor of this Kingdom, to " be lodged in the Chancery:" '

We humbly conceive this Addition necessary, that the Accounts of the Money raised and employed for this Manufacture, may' be lodged, and preserved, in some publick Office, where Recourse may be had to them upon ahyOccalion,

' To the foregoing Clause Ihbjoin this following;

" And, to the Intent that all Matters and Things whatsoever, by this Act provided for, and directed to be " done and executed, for encouraging, promoting, and " carrying on,; the aforesaid. Manufactures of Flax and " Hemp, be the more effectually done and executed, " accordingly j it is hereby, further Enacted by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and may be lawful for " the Chief Governor, or Governors, and Council, of this " Kingdom, for the Time'beinw, whensoever they judge " convenient, to appoint, and commission, undfer the " Great Seal of this Kingdom, such and so many fit " and worthy Persons as they judge convenient, to go " into any. County or Counties, Town and: County, or " Market-Town, of this Kingdom, and there to make " Inquiry, and examine, what Sum or Sums of Money " have been levied by virtue of this Act; and how the same have been laid out, and employed; as likewise,

" to inquire and examine into the State of the flaxen Mid Hempen Manufactures, in any such County, " Town and County, or Market-Town, of this Kfog-a dohii andhowfhr, and in what manner, the same is " advanced, or has been obstructed; and to make Report thereof to the Chief Governor, or Governors, and " Council, rtf this Kingdom, for the Time being: And " if, thereupon, it shall appear unto them, that, in any " County, Town and County, or Market-Town, Of this Kingdom, the Execution of this Act has been lb neglected, or that any tiling hereby directed to be done has hot beeh'so managed, that the £nds of the said Act ®* are there frustrateti, air not attained, it shall and may " be lawful for the said Chief Governor, or Governors,

" and Cguncih'of this Kingdom, for the Time being, to Constitute add appoiht' suchother1 Peiibns as, they think " fit, to be' Gyerfeers of the pubffck Wotk-housej Workhouses, or Working-schools, in any of the respective 24

" Couottai, Ib«ms «Mdl ^ountieK,rar Maiffaet-Taima, oif " foi* Kingdom, wliero/funli Negtoft or Mifontnagv-« ment hhs bCeh, to the) place and Read of foofe who

" before were Overseer*; which Persons, so appointed by " foe Chief Govembr, or Governors, and Gouoeil, of " this Kingdom, for foe Time being, foail have nil the.' w Powers given to the Overseers <h futib Wotkdioofa, " or Working-schools, by this Act, and be under foe " Ikrtie Regulations.'"

This Bill, to the belt of our Observation, not giving sufficient Grounds to hope, that it will enforce its Own Execution, we have thought it necessary to add foele last Clauses, to enforce, as much as pe&ble, foe Execo* tion of the Whole.

Miy it please your Excellencies,

Irt the Amendments and Additions, here above offered, wehdpe we have ekpressed ourfelvesfo, that Our Meaning will be understood; though we cannot assume to ourfeives to judge, whether all that is therein, or in the Bill, be according to the exact Stile of the Law.

' We, nevertheiefe, submit the Whole to your Excellencies great Wisdom.

Signed,

Whitehall, 11 October Ph. Meadows, John,

1698.

(No. H.) The said Copy of an Extra# out of the Council-Books.

Council-Chamber, 13th October 1698.

THIS Day the Bill latey transmitted from Ireland, for encouraging the Manufactures of Flax and Hemp in that Kingdom, was read, and approved, with thele following Amendments; viz.

Skin 1. L. 6. from the Words "poor people," to the Words " And whereas," in the 12 Line, to be left out. Skin 2.L.28. after, the Word "Default," add "and the said Grand Jufy, after they have examined the said Account, Lhall give a fair Copy thereof, with their Opinion thereupon, unto the said Judge, or Judges, to be by them lodged in the Chancery of this Kingdom, for publick Satisfaction."

Skin 3. L. 2. After the Word "for," and before the Word " in," add " yearly, at the Lent Assizes."

Skin 4. L. 31. after the Words " collected, raised," leave out " and levied,' and iiifert " levied, and accounted for:"

L. 33. after the Words " laid out," leave out and disposed of," and insert " disposed of, and accounted for."

L. 38. after the Word "shall," leave out hereafter," and insert " from and after the said 29th " Day of September*'

Skin5. L 18. after the Words "Room may," leave out " by," and insert " be."

Skin 6. L. 25. after the Word "Sessions," add " being satisfied by the Report of such Justice or Justices " of the Peace, with the Cause and Reason of their " Committal of such Persons;" and, after the Word " make," leave out " such.

u

tc

<t

L. 27. from the Word " for," in the Beginning of this Line, to the Words " and to the Intent," in the 34th Line, to be left out; and, instead thereof, insert " the " Space of Three Years longer; or, in case they are not. " satisfied with the Cause and Reason of their Committal " of ffich Persons, as aforesaid, to set them at Liberty " Provided always, That if, at any future Court of Quarter-Sessions, during the Continuance of the said i, it shall seem reasonable to the said Court,

H

" Three Years.

" from the Deportment of any such Person or Persons, " lb committed and continued, that the said Person or " Persons be discharged from such their Committal and " Confinement before the Expiration of the said Three " Years, for which they stand so committed, it shall and " may tlign be lawful for such Court, upon sufficient Se " curity given, that such Person or Persons, as aforesaid, " will duly apply themselves to Work and Labour, anis " will not beg, or use such loose or idle Course of

" Life,

jo W. III. . i % JamariL 43 9

" Life, as aforesaid, during the Space of Three Years, to " be reckoned from the Time of their' giving faoh $ecurity, and not <otherwise, to make Order, that any of the " said Person or Persons be then discharged, and let at

" liberty."

- Skin 6. L 42. instead of the Wood " Eighteen," write " One-and-twentyand, instead of the Word " Sixteen," write " Eighteen."

Skin 7. L. 36. leave out the Wdrd " find;" and, after the Word " Overseers," add " hereafter appointed " to have the -Direction and Management of the said School-houses."

Skin 8. L. left but Two from the Word " determined," in this Line, to die Words " And be it T( further," in the 13th Line of the qth Skin, to be left out.

Skin 10. L. 7. after the Word " whatsoever," add tt Provided always, That no Part of the Profit* or Incfeafe, of the publick Stock aforesaid shall, upon " any Account, be diverted or employed to any other " Use or Purpose, then the estabhftring, promoting, and " carrying on, the aforesaid Hempen and Flaxen Maira*

"factures, so long as the same can or may be employed,

" and made use of, in such respective County, City, or " Town, to the Ends aforesaid, according to the true " Intent and Meaning of this Act,"

Skin 11. L. 24. the Words " cough Hemp, or flax," to be left out.

L. 26. after the Word " free," add " yet " so, that the Exporters and Importers of any such " Goods shall be obliged to make due Entries thereof at " the Custom-house."

L. 33^ after the Word oufr," and before the Word " One," write the Word " Lord."

Skin il L. 18. instead of the Word, " he," in the Beginning of this Line, write " they;*' and after the Word " be," and before the Word " excused," write " respectively."

Line the last but Four, after the Words " Value of," leave out " Twenty," and insert " Five;" and, after the Words " or upwards," add " and under " Forty Shillings."

Skin 13. L. 7. from the Word " reasonable," in this Line, to the Words And be it," in the 15th Line, to be left out.

L. 16. after the Word " Year," add "of the Reign "

L. 25. leave out the Words " in this Kingdom," and insert, in the room thereof, " within the " County in which he, she, or they, respectively, have " fb wrought, and been instructed."

Skfn 14. L. 21. leave out the Word" Custom,"

Line last but One, after the Words " Fburpence," and before the Word " Provided," add " Arid " be it further Enacted, That all Treasurer's, or Receivers, " and Governors, of Work-hodfes, or Sschool-houses, " appointed by this Act, shall, beftdes the Accounts " which they are required to give unto the Persons appointed to receive and inspect die fame, give also, and deliver, Duplicates of the same Accounts, under their " respective Hands and Seals, to the respective Persons " unto whom they are accountable; that the said Accounts may be, by them, transmitted to the Lord " Chancellor of this Kingdom, to be lodged in the "Chancery: And, to the Intent that all Matters and " Things whatsoever, by this Act provided for, and " directed to be done and executed, for encouraging, " promoting, and carrying on, the aforesaid Manufnctures of Flax and Hemp, be the more effectually done " and executed, accordingly; it is hereby further Enacted, by the Authority aforesaid, That it shall and " may be lawful for the Chief Governor, of Governors, " and Council, of this Kingdom, for the Trine being, " from time to time, whensoever they Judge conVenicnt, to ttppefoq and' cotnmlflkm, under the Great Seal of this Kingdom, such and lb many fit arid' wttrthy Pfef- font m they judge convenient, to go irito driy Charity V dL. XII.

" or Counties, Town and County, or Market-Town, of Weolten " this Kingdom, and there to make Inquiry, and to ex*- Mtonfetotre. " amine, what Srim of Sums of Money Havebfcen levied by virtue of this Act; and how the same have been lakl " out, and employed; as likewise, to inquire nrid ex&mine " into the State of the Flaxen and Hempen 'Manufactures " in any such County, Town and County, or Market Town, of this Kingdom; and how far, arid in what " manner, the same is advanced, or hath been obstrbfted;

" and to make Report thereof to the Chief Governor, or " Governors, and Council of this Kingdom, for the <( Time being: And if, thereupon, it shall appear unto " them, that, in any County, Town and County, or " Market-Town, of this Kingdom, the Execution of this Act has been so neglected, or that any thing thereby directed to be done has been so mismanaged, that the Ends of the said Act are there frustrated, or not attained, it shall and may be lawful to and for tffe said " Chief Governor, or Governors, and Council, of this " Kingdom, for the Time being, to constitute and appoint such other Persons as they think fit, to be Overseers of the publick Work-Wife, or Work-houses, or Working-schools, in any of the respective Counties,

" Towns and Counties, or Market-Towns, of this Kingdom, where such Neglect or Milinanagement has " been, in the place and stead of those who before were " Overseers; which Persons, fb appointed by the Chief " Governor, or Governors, and Council, of this Kingdom, for the Time being, shall have all the Powers " given to the Overseers of such Work-houses, or Working-schools, by this Act, and be under the same Regulatiops."

Examined, Wm. Bridgman,

(N-I.) The laid Copy of a Representation relating to toe Par between the English and Iriftt Woollen Manufactures.

To their Excellencies the Lords Justices.

May it please your Excellencies,

IN Obedience to your Excellencies Order in Council, dated the 1 ith Irritant, requiring us to confide*, and report, what Impositions upon the Woollen Manufactures of Ireland exported, will bring them to a Par with the Woollen Manufactures of England exported, we humbly represent to your Excellencies:

That by the Bill lately transmitted from , intituled, An Act for laying an additional Duty upon Woollen Manufactures exported out of this Kingdom, the said national Duty, laid upon Broad Cloth exported, is 20 per Cent.; which, we humbly conceive, does plainly imply, that, in toe sense of that Bill, 20 per Cent, added to whatsoever Duty was before, upon the Exportation of that Sort of Cloth there, will not exceed the Colt of the same Sort of Cloth exported out of England: For if it did, that additional Duty would, in effect, amount to an absolute Prohibition of toe Exportation of that Sort of Cloth from Ireland', which, we humbly Conceive, can never be intended by that Bril

And we humbly add, That, for whatever other Reason the Duties laid on New Draperies, by that Bill, are One Half left than on the Broad-Cloth; if the Deliberation were only about bringing them to a Par with English Draperies, of the same Soft, they bright father bear more.

It being thus evident; upon these Grounds, that though 20 per Cent, were laid upon toe Exportation of alt Irish Draperies, or Woollen Manufactures, Whatsoever, they would yet be cheaper at foreign Markets, than the like Sorts exported from England; we have endeavoured to inquire more particularly what may be the true Difference of the first Cost between them, that, from thence, it may Appear what Impositions the one will bear more \han the other: But k Being impossible for us, in so short a Time,

16 get all the Information that might be necessary to re- -solve, exaftlyj fb very difficult a (Jueftion, we humbly beg Leave to lay before your Excellencies the Ground, upon which we have made same CoiiclufionS, which seem unto Tis to have Some Degree of Probability.

The

44°

18° — i $ Jan

A. 1698-

- TheanmexftdExtre6t;outbf the late Lord Chief Justice Hales's; Difcpuf fe touching Erovision for the Poor; which we cannot 1 doubt to have been carefully and impartially trade; (hews, > /

ThefirftCbftof the Wool, in an ordi-V s. nar/Piece of Gloucestershire Cloth, }> 4 10 —

to be j- m- - J

The Cost of Cards and Oil - - 1 ——

1 The Expence of Work - - - 6 5 —

JO. s. d. 1 7 9

- 3. Breaking, and spinning the Abb, at!

2 d.-J-jperj - . - - j

4. Breaking, and spinning the Warp, at! 0 A

5 d. per lb. - - - - J ~ 18 d

5. Cards and Oil - - - - 1 ;-----

6. Weaving, Spooling, and Warping - 113

7. Milling and Burling - - - — 12 —

8. Shearing and Dressing - 18 —

9. Drawing - - - — 16

Total - - £. 11 15 — 10. Carriage and Factorage - - - — 7 —

Now, it being evident, that both Wool and Labour are much cheaper in Ireland than , though more

or less in different Places; for which Reafod, it is scarce possible to determine, exactly, how much; we think it a Teafoqable Conjecture to take that Difference, upon a Medium, to be One-third:

We then observe, That the Third Part of the Value of the Wool and Labour, employed in the abovesaid Piece of English Cloth, is 31, it#. 8 d. which would be saved in making a like piece of Cloth in Ireland; and, therefore^ computing the Par between English and Irish Cloth, of that Sort, by the Difference between that Sum, and the remaining Value of such a Piece of Cloth made in Ireland, which would be 8 /. 3 4; we find

it to be above 43! per Cent.; which is to say, That 431 per Cent, may be laid on Broad-Cloth exported out of Ireland, more than on the like Cloth exported out of England, to bring them both to an Equality: And are humbly of Opinion, That the same Proportion will hold between other Sorts of English and Irish Woollen Manufactures.

But, this Jbeing grounded only upon the fore-mentioned Supposition of the Price of Wool and Labour in Ireland, we humbly beg leave to offer unto your Excellencies Two other Suppositions, though they teem to us lets probable, with Calculations made by the feme Rule; viz. That, reckoning the Price of Wool in Ireland equal with that in England, and the Price of Labour there ' One-. third Part less, the Difference between the first Cost of English and Irish Woollen Manufactures would then be about 21J per Cent.; and, reckoning the Price of Labour equal, and the Price of Wool One-third Part left, the said Difference would be about 14 J per Cent.

These different Calculations we humbly conceive to be unquestionably clear, upon the Grounds and Suppositions upon which we have made them.

But we dare not presume to assert, positively, how that Matter is, in Fact, without a thorough Inquiry into every particular Head, both here and in Ireland; and into all the Circumstances of Trade relating to this Subject, which are many and changeable; and the Examination of which will require much Time, and very great Care.

This, therefore, we most humbly Submit

Whitehall, Signed, Ph. Meadows, John,

13 October, 1698. John Locke, Abr. Hill.

The laid Extract, mentioned in the last Representation touching the said Par between English and Woollen Manufactures; viz.

So the whole Charges comes to 11 15 Out of which, deducing the Materials,! of Wool, and Cards, and Oil; viz. - j

5 io~

There remains, entirely, for the Expence! ~ of Work.....r*-° 5

*« I

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Representation, and other Accounts, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufactures in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland-, is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Pri- Halting* vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Port Election. of Hastings, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees*

An ingossed Bill for the speedy and effectual Disbanding the Land-Forces in England and Ireland was read e Artny* the Third time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas I00*01 tellers for toe *ea3^SirCAa

Tellers for the Noes,(p>rd

221.

154*

[Sir Walter Yonge:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative:

And that the Title be. An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

Refolded, That this House will, upon Friday Morning Woollen next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Manufadur*. to consider of the Bill for encouraging the Woollen Ma-nufacture in Englandj and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

The ordinary Process and Time, and Charge, of making a common coarse Medley-Cloth, of our Gloucestershire Wool, at this Day, is;

In every such Cloth, of about 32 Yards long, there is Ninety Pounds of Wool; which will cost, at this Day, at 12 d.per Pound, 41. 10 viz. ordinary, in a grey Cloth;

IF. £. s. d.

54 of Abb - - - - I

34 of Warp - - - - 4 10 —

2 of Mixture - J

The Charge of making this Cloth; ift. Parting and Picking - - — 3 —

2. Colouring - t6 —

Jovis, 19* die Januarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

DArtholomew Ogilvy, Reineir Shulen, and John Denton, took the Oaths, in order to their Naturalization.

Mr. Thursby reported from the Committee, to whom Gift* to Cha-

the Bill for the better and further Encouragement of ntable UfM* Gifts to charitable Uses was committed, That they had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where

Committee*.

Exporting

Wuul.

Duty on Leather*

Ditto.

Tone

Navigation.

io W. III. 19° Januarii.

441

Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrefl'ed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

A Petition of the Clothiers of the Town of Romney, in the County of Southampton, as well on behalf of themselves, as many Spinners, Combers, Weavers, Sheer-men, and others, whole Livelihood depends on the Clothing-Trade, as also of others, the Inhabitants of the said Tow n, and Parishes adjacent, w as prefeuted to the House, and read: letting forth, That the principal Trade of the said Tow n has. Time out of Mind, been Making of Cloth-rallies, which consume abundance of our Wool, and ul'ed to be exported to Holland, and, especially, France; until, of late Years, the Wool of this Kingdom, and of Ireland, notwithstanding the many Laws to the contrary, has been exported thither, to the atmolt utter Loss of the Petitioners Trade, and the Increase of their Poor, for want of their usual Employment: And praying. That such other Laws may be made, as shall be effectual to prevent the Exportation of Wool, and propagate the Petitioners Trade of making Cloth-ralhes.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the WroolIen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; is committed.

Bridgtcater to Taunton, will he a considerable advantage to the Petitioners, and others, by improving their Lands, and preserving their Highways, which, by constant travelling with Waggons and Carts, loaden with heavy Goods, are hardly passable in Winter 1 And praying,

That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the River Tone navigable, may be encouraged by the House.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That I^ave be given to bring in a Bill for n«gi(tering the better Security of Purchasers, by a voluntary Register ®eeds* of Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances: And that Colonel JHiartOn and Sir Barlhlwncw Shower do prepare and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Sir John Huddleston, of the City of Bris- Ship* to/, Baronet, in behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the Ships Margaret and Friendship, was pre-lented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Ships have been free for above 20 Years, and almost wholly rebuilt by the Owners, who are, and always were, his Majesty's natural-born Subjects; but the said Ships are now, by a late Act of Parliament, prohibited to trade to the Piantations, to the great Loss of the Petitioners:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, that those Ships may have Liberty to trade to and from the Plantations, as they used to do before the said Act for prohibiting to trade to the Plantations.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Yates do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Glovers, Collar-makers, and others, that are Tawers or Drefiers of Leather, in the ancient City of Winton, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; letting torth, That the Duty upon Leather is become a very great Grievance, by reason a Duty is laid upon (er) fSait] whereof they ule a great Quantity to diefs their Leather, for which they now pay 6 s. for as much as, before the Duty on Salt, they could have bought for is. 6d.; and not ouly this double Duty 'tis tlx y labour under, but the Oath required by the Act for a Duty on Leather, which obliges the Petitioners to swear to the true Value of their Goods; which is a great Difficulty lor them to do, and wherein the heft Judgments may differ; and which Oath cannot he taken without Danger of being forsworn, in another's Opinion; it being administred by the Collectors of the Duty, with the greatest Severity: And praying the House to redress their laid Grievances.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Master, Wardens, and Company of Glovers incorporated, in the City of Oxford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have not only kept their Families, biit a great Number of poor People, who otherwise could not have subsisted without Help from their Parishes: but, by a late Act, for laying a Duty upon Leather, the Petitioners, and the Poor, arc impoverished, for want of Work; and, in consideration that several of the said Trade, as well as others, are disbanded, and mav want Work at their Return to their Habitations, the 'Petitioners pray the Consideration of the House, lb as they may he relieved in the Premises; and thereby the Poor of Oxford will be set at Work.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, of the Parishes of West-Muncton, Riston, Creech, and Parts

adjacent, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Tone navigable, from

(a) Supplied from the original Petition.

Vo L. XII.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, jjiftillation of the Corporation of Liverpool, in behalf of themselves, from Corn, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, to prohibit the Distiliing of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; That Corn is excessive dear and scarce in those Parts, and the Poor reduced to great Extremity, for want of Bread, occasioned by the great Consumption of Com by the Still:

And praying. That the said Bill may pass into a Laiv.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w horn the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the poor Traders, and Handicraftmen, Ditto, of the City of London, on the behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, by many Papers presented to the House, shewn the great Quantities of Com used about London, in distilling Spirits, and low Wines, from Malt; which other Nations having forbidden, our Distillers transport into foreign Countries; which occasions a great Scarcity and Dearness of Corn and Bread; to that poor Workmen are not able, with their Wages, to find their Families with Bread; so that many have been forced to beg, others to leave their Country, and especially Weavers; besides, theie Spirits have destroyed more Men at Sea, than the Sword in the late War, as many Captains affirmed: And praying, That the Bill now depending in the House, to prohibit the Distilling Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; may pals, to prevent the like Mischiefs for the future; it being demonstrable, that Two Distillers in London consume more Corn in a Week, than will supply

10,000 poor People.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

referred to the Committee of the whole House, to w hom

the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants in the Borough of Ditto. Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the present Scarcity

5 U and

Liverpool®

Parish.

Russian

Trade.

pitto.

Preservation of Game.

Farewell's

fcaL

Leave of Absence.

Defaulters to

Call of the liuul'e.

44a

19 JanuariL

j4. 1598,

and Dearnds of Corn is chiefly occasioned by the Distil-lqrs consuming vast Quanlities thereof into Spirits, and strong Waters; and, if a speedy Stop be not put thereto, it may be the utter Undoing of many of the Petitioners; and is a great Oppretfion of the Poor: And praying speedy Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Pill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and to prevent Frauds in Piftillers; b committed.

A Petition of CaryU I.ord Viscount was pre-

fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner is informed there is a Rill depending in this House, to enable the Town of Ljxerpuole to build a Church, and endow the fame, by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the fold Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct; from Walton that the Petitioner is Patron of the said Church, and the Tythes of Liverpool'eare of great Value: And praying,

That he may be heard, for Preservation of his Right and Ipterelt, before the said Oil I do pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

until the said Bill be read a Second tune.

A Bill for enlarging the Trade to Russia was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom-ing next resolve irU-lf into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of foe laid Bill.

A Petition of the Governor, Confuis, and Assistapts, of the Fellowship of English Merchants for Dilcoyery of new Trades, was presented to the House, and read* letting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for enlarging the Trade to Russia; which is to oblige the Petitioners to admit into their Company any Sulked; of this Realm, upon Request, and Payment of a certain Sum; which will greatly prejudice the Petitioners just Rights, apd be no Advantage to the Nation: And praying to be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Governor and Company be heard, before the said Committee, upon the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Verney, Mr. Mr.

IJarvey, Mr. Eyre, Mr. Thornhag Colonel Webb, Lord

Raw let, Mr. Westbrook, Mr. Bright, Mr. Bp-tie, he added to the Committee, to w hom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game is committed.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Vareuell, was committed, That, they had examined and considered the lame; and directed hipj so report the same to the House, w ithout uny Amendment: And he delivered the fit me in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed so the fame, without any. Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr, Denton have Leave to gq info thq Country for a Fortnight, upon exmordfoary Occulions.

Ordered, That tl»e Names of fitch Members as made

Default t appear upon the Call of the House, he called over upon Monday Morning next; and that fuel) as thal| not then attend the Service of the lloule, be feat for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom- state of u* ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Navy.

House, to consider further of the State of the Navy; and nothing to intervene.

Mr. Shackerly attending so hb Place, according to Complaint« Order a ^cin^er

A Petition of the Merchants, Citizens, and others, the chief Inhabitants of the City of Chester, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Inhabitants of the said City, was prefeoted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common Council, of the said City, have contracted, upon certain Terms, with Francis Cell Merchant, to make the River Dee navigable; for which Ends, they signed a Peiitition to this House, under their Common-Seat, and delivered it to Mr. Gell, recommending the same to Mr. Sh, their Repre-fentative, to present it; hut he, contrary to hb Trust, refuses lb to do, though he has it in his Custody, as the Petitioners are informed; which Delay of his, they fear, will obstruct the Palling of an Act this Session, to their great Prejudice: And praying. That Mr. Shackerly, may be ordered to present their laid Petition to this House, or deliver the same back to Mr. Gell. And also,

The Petition of Francis Gell Merchant was read; setting forth, That the Mayor and Citizens of Chester agreed with the Petitioner to make the River Dee navigable; for which Purpose, they signed a Petition to be' presented to this House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to tnajee the fold River navigable; desiring Mr. Shackerly, their Reprefcptative in Parliament, to present it to the House; but gave foe said Petition to the Petitioner, who at the Beginning of this Session, delivered it to Mr.

Shackerly, w ho promised to present it to the House; but, liaee, he refuses fp to do, or to deliver it back to the Petitioner; and foe Petitioner understands, that a Motion hath been made in foe House, for Leave to bring in a Bill to make the said River navigable; which Bill is intended to he framed quite contrary to the said Agreement, and the Content of foe Citizens of Chester; and only with Design, as the Petitioner conceives, to exclude him froth-the foid Undertaking, after his great Trouble and Expence in preparing for it: And praying, That Mr.

Shackerly may be ordered to pFefent the said Petition to this House, that the same may be read, and taken into Consideration, and foe Petitioner be relieved so the.

Premises.

And Mr. Shackerly was beard in his Place thereupon.

Resolved, That the said Petitions be rejected.

Mr. Godolphin, from foe Commissioners of the Custotns, Cum according to Order, presented to the House Accounts, exported, of foe Debentures paid in London, and Out-Ports, for Corn exported, in the several and respective Years 1689,

1690, 1691, 169U, 1693, 1694, 1695, 1696, 1697,

1698: And also,

An Account of Malt and Barley exported from London, and Out-forts, for Three Years; viz. 1694, 169!, and 1694: And also,

An Account of foe M«U and Barley exported, from Mkhaelmas iffoti, to Christmas 1698.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the Accounts ave folfowj viz.

DEBENTURES

10 W. III. 19* Januarii. 443

DEBENTURES paid in Lmian, and Out-Ports, for Com exported, in foe federal and nKjle&tw Years foBowing:

£ * d- s. <L

From April to Michaelmas, Anno 1689, j (London (Out-Ports 481 17 2 ' 217 4 4* . J- 699 1 6i

To Michaelmas 1690 - - H r London [Out-Ports 2,272 17 — 7,041 10 3i . } 9.314 7 4

To Michaelmas 1691 - - 1 fLondon ^Out-Ports 2,473 7 9 16,376 16 9^ [ 18,849 4 6f

To Michaelmas 1692 - fLondon (Out-Ports 924 18 20,136 14 4 J. 21,061 12 6*

To Michaelmas 1693 - m I London (Out-Ports 2,339 *7 3 12,451 11 2f } *4,79* 8 Si

To Michaelmas 1694 * (London (Out-Ports 73 *6 10* 4,318 11 u } 4,392 8 9i

To Michaelmas 1695 - fLondon fOut-Ports 6,401 14 8* 13,882 — 7 20,283 *5 3 i

To Michaelmas 1696 - I London [Out Ports 7, H2 18 si 7,313 17 nt } 14,456 16 S

To Michaelmas 1697 - m 4m (London (Out-Ports 2,099 18 11 11,094 4 2* } 13,194 3 1*

To Michaelmas 1698 - m m w (London LOut-Ports 520 8 6* 4,479 »o 9 } 4,999 19 H

JR. Holt, Comp'. Gen1. L 122,042 17 4* atsk

An ACCOUNT of Malt and Barley exported from London, and the Out-Ports, for Three Years; via.

Malt Barley.

From Christmas 92, to Christmas 1693 - (London (Out-Ports Quarters. Bushels. 766 4 37*3*3 6 Quartert. 2,750 4,567 Buflieit, 6

38,080 2 7,317 6

From Christmas 93, to Christmas 1694 - fLondon (Out-Ports 1,623 4 26,997 4 3,635 10,252 6 9

9 # 28,621 — 13,888 7

From Christmas 94, to Christmas 1695 - (London \Out-Ports 3,525 6 53,790 4 6,720 11,588 3 4

Che. Carkesse. 57,316 2 18,308 7

The said Account of Malt and Barley exported from Michaelmas 1696, to Christmas 1698; vix.

, Barley, Malt

From Michaelmas 96, to Michaelmas 1697. jp^p^rtg Quarters. 3,116 37,102* Quarters. 168* 62,406

Total 40,218* 62,574*-

From Michaelmas 97, to Michaelmas 1698 {ouTport 4,360* 25,462* 7TH 25»i44i

Total 29,823* 25,922*

From Michaelmas 98, to Christmas 1698 London Nil. Nil.

Will. Cullifod, Infp'. Geo*. Imports and Exports.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts Rejohed, That an humble Address be presented to his ^forcit|g. be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to Majesty, That he will please to issue his Royal Procla.-whom the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and mation for removing all Papilts from the City of low Wipes, from Corn; and to prevent Frauds in Dit and Parts adjacent, according to the Laws: And that the tillers; is committed. ~ Laws may be put in Execution against Papilla, and a

Vol. XIL Persons,

444 i9° — ap

' Persons whatsoever who diiown his Majesty's Government:

And it is referred to Sir Rowland Grcyn, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Montag Lord Parvlet, Sir Rich.

Onslow, Mr. Smith, Mr. Gerard, Mr. Clerk, Mr. Walsh, Lord Coningsby, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Win.

Gostwick, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. Perry, Mr. Carteret,

Mr. Palmes', or any Five of them; to draw up the said Address; and report the same to the House.

Pifbanding Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay before this the Army. House all Warrants, or Orders, relating to the Disbanding the Army.

Distillation The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-from Corn, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Heveningham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Heveningham reported from the said Committee, That they had made some Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to cenfider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Plight a Clock.

Veneris, 20* die;

to® Gulielrai TertiL

Praters.

TJENRY Monk and John Hopky took the Oaths appointed in order to their Naturalization.

Ogilvy'» A Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Ogilvy was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Jos.Mr. Ilayes, Mr. Pel-

ham, Sir Edward Stradling Mr. Rlofeild, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Osborne, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Bertie, Mr. England, Colonel Godjry, Mr. Mr. Sir

Hen.Ashurst, Mr. Gaward, Mr. Mr.

steven, Mr. Bet hell. Lord Pmlet, Mr Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Hughes, Sir Richard Cocks: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Earl of Der- An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

Eftata at*r ^or more easy and certain Payment of the Debts of Edward Earl of Darwentwaier, by Sale of Woods, and Timber; and for enabling hip to raise Money for Discharge of Incumbrances upon Part of his Estate; was read a Second time.; '

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir George Fletcher, Mr' Tredenham, Sir Francis Drake, Mr. stecens, Mr. England, Mr* , Mr. Vernon, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Bethell, Mr. Hancock, Mr, Vane, Sir Win. Cook, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Walter Yonge, Mr. Pagit,x Mr; Dimock, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Brereton, Sir Win. Blacket, Mr. Stonehouse, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Car, Sir Robert Eden, Mr* Duke, Sir John Philips, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ogle,. Mr. Desboocry, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Sayers; and all that serve for the Counties of Durham, Cumberland, Northumberland, and And they are to

meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Abuses in

KingVBcncb A Petition of Henry KiUigrew Esquire was presented

*nd Fleet to the House and read; letting forth, That the Petitioner

Vriiorn. o

' Januarii. 16 9 8;

finds, by the Votes of this House, that Sir Duncomb has presented a Petition to this House, relating to the Petitioner, which is referred to a Committee:

That, some time since, the Petitioner preferred his Bill in Chancery against the said Sir William and Sir Edward Bash, to discover what Part of the Money, now claimed by Sir William Duncomb, had been fiaid; the Petitioner not doubting to prove, that what Sir William claims is satisfied; but he refiifelh to answer the said Bill:

And praying. That the Matter of the said Petition may not be examined by the said Committee, until Sir Wm.-Duncomb shall have answered the Petitioner's said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Goodall is referred, and who are to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the Bench and Fleet:

And that Sir Joseph Tredenham, Colonel King, Mr.

Morgan, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Trdcrwney, Mr. Hancock, be added to the said Committee.

The Lord Fairfax, according to Order, presented to Exporting the House a Bill for the more effectual preventing the Wool. Exportation of Wool.

And the Bill was read die First time:

And the-Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Hading* Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to EU-ctiou. the said Committee, touching the Election for the Port of Hastings, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

- Upon the Petition of Robert Austin Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Peter Gott Esquire to serve for the Port of Hastings.

That the Question depended upon the Majority of qualified Votes:

That, upon the Poll, there were,

‘ For Mr. Gott - 34, besides the Mayor:

For the Petitioner 35, with himself.

' That as to the Right of Election, the Petitioner's Couhfel infilled. That the Right was in the Mayor, Jurats, aDd Freemen refient, that watch and ward: And called,

Mr. John Hide, who came to Hastings in 1660, and had been Mayor Four times; Mr. Phillip Lovell, who ;had been Mayor Twenty Years agd:' And they said,

They had- known several Elections: And that the Right was in the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen living within the Corporation; and that they never knew any vote that were not refient, or did not do the Service of the Town* and watch and ward; and instanced in Sir who'* though he had been a Parliament-Man," and consequently, as such, must have been a Freeman, yet was refilled his Vote, as not refient, and paying to Watch and Ward.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded to their , Exceptions to Mr. Gott's Voters: And,

Mr. Lovell said. That Mr. Pultney did not pay to Watch and Ward; but his Vote was consented to by the Majority of the Assembly, though some privately muttered against it

Thomas Winter: Who said, That Andrew Skeech went to Sea, and left Hastings, for above Two Years before the Election, and had done no Duty during that time:

That he did not come into the Corporation till the 15th of May last: That his Goods had been attached, and the Doors of the House where he did live shut up; but, some Terms having been made, the Goods were not removed:

That his Family was at London, except a Daughter, who lived with a Brother-ui-law: Yet he could not lay there

was

soW.III.

;v »d',\ftmuam.

*5

was any Emfeptik* to his Vote,‘at'<4te State/# the

Election.

Riehatd‘ JValter delivered in the-Tow^Book; by which it appeared, That Gotfatell -Whi, Words by him spoken, reflecting upon the Corporation, disfran-

nn 1 - - — - ,

vTTffvvl ZbZb K/vJ7fvrfW/vr i vyV*

Being asked, If he knew of any other disfranchised ? he said, Thall he himself was disfranchised, in order to make him a Witness; emd th»fc afterwards, being readmitted, he was sworn again: And there was another disfranchised about a Hundred Years ago:

- Thht Adam Deffey Mias tofufed to tote- for Mi. (Mtt, Bring at London.

Thfc Counsel also infilled, That the Mayor bad -giveh , Two Votes for Mr. Gott; and, against that, ‘they pto-iduced a Retblutioa of the House, in a contfoWted iEtedtioti between Sir Fronds Rails and Mr. PtilMr, ,*j, December, 1669: In which same it was an Exception, That the Mayor bad voted twice; onee, fey which fee -made the Votesof kite Candidates even; and, afterwards, gave a calling Vote:

But, by the Journal, it does not clearly appear whfit Opinion the House was of, in that Cafe.

That the Counsel for the Sitting Member agreed, That ifae Right of Election was in the Mayor, Jurats. and Freemen; but denied, that it was requisite, that they should be refient, or charged to watch and ward; and agreed the Poll as before.

For Mr. Gott, the Counsel infilled, That they would justify all his Votes, and take off One, or more, from the Petitioner's: And they called,

Mr. Waller: Who said, He knew Adam that

he was admitted a Freemen in 1696, and has conftadtly paid the Duties of the Town, as much as any other; and that the Seamen, when at Sea, hire Others to watch -and ward for them:

That Andrew Skeech had a House in of his

own; but it is mortgaged: That his Family has been refieut in Town all the Time, except Two Months, or a -little more: That he has seen the Doors open, and his Child playing about the Door: That Skeech was in the Poors Book; but petitioned off las paying, in regard he was taken by the French, and had great Losses:

That Mr. Hide being Mayor, he was ordered to enter Mr. Carjwell, upon the Freeman's Lift:

And they produced his Re-admittance, 12 July 1697. And he said, Car [well bad voted in the Assembly ever finee; and, particularly, at the Election of the present Mayor; and at the Choosing of a Common Serjeant, since -tint; but was not sworn since his Re-admittance.

Mr. Thomas Lovell said, That Skeech had been out of Town feme time; but his Family remained in Town; and that he had a House there all the Time: That Skeech had not been an Inhabitant of any other Place; but had been at Sea:

A*d that John Greg, who voted for the Petitioner, had received weekly Ainas of the Parish, for about Two Years, and wears a Badge

That Freemen, if they have been absentTwo Years upon their Occasions, when they return, act as Freemen, without being sworn again:

That he himself has been Mayor fix times, and has voted when Mayor; and never knew the Mayor's Vote denied; nor was it excepted to at this Election:

That he could not speak as to Parliament-Men; but in the same ef Town-Clerk, and other Town-Officers, if the Mayor, by his Vote, do first make the Numbers equal, he has afterwards a calling Voice; and, particularly, said, Captain Hide did it 22 Years ago, in the same of a Town-Cleric; and that Mr. Man's Election was carried by Sir Robert Parker's Vote: That Mr. Gott has voted; and that Mr. Pultnye's Vote was not spoke against, by the Mayor, Jurats, or any body die.

Mr. Robert Phipps- said, That if Frefettieft are absent, and return again, they have the Benefit of their Free-Voi. X1L

dom; and that Skeech did return to Hastings Two or Three Montks bSftte is now in the

Poors Rate: That Skepcfr'pGpjftlnpi} were there, in his Absence; and that, in their Corporation; they did conceive the Mayor, besides a tingle Voice, iffUMT did make it equal, 'had a-eastin^ Voicfej- And, *

bein^esatninterk feid, Wltenx'fie came (to- Ttiwn, - Mr. Lough aiked hftn to vote for Colonel Austiti; end <he dill betidve Mri AdaUgh & great

Agetitfov Colonel Xmxtini; but he told- Mr. Lough, (He: did ftitend ‘to votefbr Mr. Gott: That When he was ihatte frfee> it Was by the Consent of the 'Whole Bench; and they aficed him what House he woqhi lje fumnteried at; and bid him agree with the Town-Serjeant (a) [for ondj to teatdh and ^ard for liltri; which, accordingly, he did; wad his paid to Watch and Warti as long as any Other Freeman:

That he offered vote for Mr. Psxttkoi/ and Mr. Gott; -but Was-refUfed, as a Delinquent; though, when he tiis made free, he was told be should -not bo & reckoned:

But Mn. Delfay (aoknOWleged, he httd iibt been at HafitingefarTwo Years bdforfe.

That it appeared to the Committee; That Mr. Futlney, Mr. Gott, and Mt Austin,.were in the feme Circumstances, as to their Freedom; having none of thetiilktgfes in Town, nor paying to Watch and Ward.

That 'Mr. Austin's Codnfel insisted, Thdt Mr. Ctiriyers voted for himself in East-Gidnstead - Election; biit the Report was not read to the Committee.

Winter, on behalf Of Mr. Austin. Ibid. That Greg did Watch and Ward, in his own Right, and vote in the Election of Mayor, and other Town-Officers.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutkms; viz.

Refoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Members of Parliament for the Port of Hastings, in the County of Sussex, is in the Mayor, Jurats, and Freemen refient, and not receiving Alms, only.

Refoked, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Peter Gott Esquire is duly defiled a Baton to serve in this present Parliament for the Port of Hastings.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to renrain the Exportation of Woolleu Manufactures into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Irclcmd.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Tredenham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported. from the said Committee, That they had made ibrne Progrefe in the Matter to them referred; and had direfited him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole "* ouse, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Mortiing, Eight a Clock.

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

5*

Hading*

Election.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Committee*.

446 a i* — 43° Januarii. A. 1698.

Foot Laws,

Ogilvey's

Nat.

Leave of Absence*

Sabbati, 21* die Januarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

1*RAYERS.

ORDERED, That all the Members that serve for the Counties of Devon, Somerset, Cornwall, ton, Wilts, and Sussex, and all the Gentlemen of the House that are of the Long Robe, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work: And that they do fit de the in diem; and have Leave to

fit in a Morning.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Naturalizing of Bartholomew Ogiboey, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the BUI; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Blank have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Billingfgatt Sir Thomas DaoaU, according to Order, presented to Fish Market the House a. Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market, for Sale of Fife: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Preservation of Game.

Ordered, That Mr. Worsley, Mr. Harcourt, Sir Robert Eden, Sir John Phillips, Sir Tho. Sir

Rich, Temple, Mr. Dimock, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Park-

hurst, Sir Robert Dowers, Colonel Perry, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Vemey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Preservation of the Game is committed.

Ear&illeau't, &c. Nat

Elections — Fees, &c.

Distillation from Corn.

Earl of Der-

wentwater's

Estate.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Peter Baand others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Cinque-Ports be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Mr. Chute is referred.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr; Hecemnghamtook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Heoeningham reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday next, after Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Stringer, Sir Joseph Mr. Harnond, Mr. Halford, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Pinnell,

Sir John Thorold, Sir John Bolbe added to the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, for the more easy and certain Payment of the Debts of Edward Earl of Darwentwater, is committed.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. - Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 23* die Januarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of the Bailifis, Burgesses, and Com- Distillatio* monalty, of the Borough of Tewksbury, in the from Com. County of Gloucester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, of late Years, Com and Graih, of all Sorts, is grown to an excessive Price, by reason of the valt Quantities used for Distilling, at Btistoll, and other Places; inso much that the old Storesi are exhausted, and the Poor ready to starve; and, if a Stop be not put to Distilling, there will not be Corn enough in the Country to make Bread, till next Harvest: And praying the speedy Palling of the Bill, depending in the House, to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made of the said Bill.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, inhabiting Raffia* within and about the City of London, was presented to Trad* the House, and read; setting forth, That the Russia Company having obtained Leave of this House to be heard against the Bill, therein depending, for. enlarging the Trade to Russia; the Petitioners pray, That they may be beard for the Bill, at the feme time.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, at the same time the Russia Company are to be heard against the Bill.

A Petition of the Managers appointed by the Con- Ditt*. trafitors with the Czar of Muscovy, for the Importation of

Tobacco into his Dominions, on behalf of themselves, and the said Contractors, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Russia Company are ordered to be heard, upon Wednesday next, against the Bill, depending in this House, lor enlarging the Trade to Russia: And praying, That the Petitioners may be heard for the Bill, at the same time the said Company are heard against it.

Ordered, That the Petitioners be heard before the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, at the same time the Russia Company are to be heard against the said Bill.

A Petition of the Glovers and Leather-dressers in and Duties near the Borough of Tewksbury, in the County of Glow- Leather. cester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Duties upon Leather and Salt, the Price of their Goods is so high, that they cannot vend them; and Germany, Holland, and Scotland, who used to be supplied from England with Gloves, now make them cheaper than the Petitioners can afford them; which hath wholly discouraged them from employing the Poor usually employed in their Trades, who are in great Want for lack of Work: And praying some Relief in the Premises, such as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailifis, and Liverpool* Burgesses, of Liverpoole, and of the Reverend Richard Richmond, and of the Reverend Thomas Marfden Vicar of Walton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in order to make Liverpool a distinct Parish from Walton, an Agreement was made between the said Petitioners, that the Town of Liverpo hould pay 55 A

per Annum to the said Rector, for Life, and 6/. 10& to the

10 W. III.

' feud Vicar, for Life, yearly; and that the future Rectors of Lrcerpoole should pay' a proportionable Part; of the Pirft Fruits and Tenths, usually paid by the Reftorsand Vicars cdWalton: But, by: the Bill, depending‘in the House, to enable the Town of Liverpool to build a Church, and endow the fame, by their owri1 Coiitributions, and Otherwise; and* for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct froin Walton; there is ho mention of the said Agreement: And praying, That a Clause may be inserted in the said Bill, to enforce the said Agreement.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ogilv/t An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Bartholomew Ogilvy,

Nat. was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Ogilvy, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Earl of Dar- Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the

wentwater's ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the more easy and certain Payments of the Debts of Earl of j Darwenlwater, by Sale of Woods and Timber; and for enabling him to raise Money for Discharge of Incumbrances, upon Part of his Estate; was committed; That they had examined and considered the same; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the Bill in at the Clerk's Table.

' ' Claafe B.‘being, rdad1 a Secdnd tittre,: Thatnb low Wines, or Spirits, ftadl be drawn froiW'ariy Liquors, dr Materials, other than Drink, or Worsts, brewed fftjm malted Cdm; under a Penalty ;' , ( , 1

' And the Question being' piit. That' the Hotife do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative....

Clause C being read a Second time, That *' # And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment

The House divided. 1

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,. } 9,

Tellers for the Noes,} 7>-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Residue of the Amendments were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to the Bill, and once read, That the Bill shall not extend to hinder the Exportation of Ale, or Beer, from Bfistoll, to Spain, Portugal, and Italy, for the Use of those Inhabitants Only:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

And several other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

O

BaraiUeau's, An ingossed Bill for naturalizing Peter Barailleau, fcc. Nat. and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for naturalizing Peter Barailleau, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Woollen Ma-ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole nu&aure-House, to consider further of the BilFto encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England;and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; and nothing to intervene.

Liverpoole A Bill to enable the Town of Liverpoole to build a Parish. Church, and endow the fame, by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Phillips, Sir Cha. Carteret, Mr. ther, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Boyle, Sir Hen. Ashurst, Mr. Swift, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. Campion, Mr. Lake, Mr. Mountstevens, Mr. King, Mr. Parkhurst, Captain Atkinson, Lord Colonel Kirkby, Sir John

Bolles, Mr. Worsly, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Greenhill, Sir Rich.Farrington, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Shackeiiy, Mr wind, Mr. Foley, Mr. England, Mr. Hoar, Mr. -hagh, Captain Dyot; and all the Members that serve for Lancashire and Cheshire: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petitions of the Lord Viscount Molyneux; and of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of Liverpoole, and the Rector, and Vicar of Walton; and of the Churchwardens of Walton; which lay upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time; be referred to the said Committee.

Distill«tioa Mr. Heveningham reported, from the Committee of from Cora, the whole House, to whom the Bill to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; was committed; the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and several of them, upon the Question' severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Vox.. XU-

Ordered, That the Names of such Members as made Defaulters u Default to appear upon the Call of the House, be called Call of the over upon Friday Morning next; and that such of the House* said Members as shall not then appear, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 24° dieJanu; 10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Farmers and Maltsters, Distillatio* in the Hundred of Harlow, Onger, Dunmow, and from Com. Clavering, within the County of Esser, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since an Act of Parliament for encouraging the distilling Brandy, and Spirits, from Corn, the Petitioners have rented and Town divers Acres of Land and Barley, with good Success; but, since a later Act for laying a Duty of 6d.per Bushel upon all malted Corn, they have met with great Dif-couragemeets; and, by the Witness of the last Year,

Seat Part of their Crop of Barley is rendered unfit for rewing; yet, if Care be taken to prevent Exportation, there is enough, and tp spare, to serve the Expence of the Nation, until another Crop come; but, if the Bill, depending in the House to prohibit the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn, should pass into an Act, it will hinder the Petitioners from disposing of their said damnified Com, and so di fable them to pay their Rents: And praying;

That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the said Biff.

Ordered,

44$ .34* Jamtant. A;.yy6$ %

Orjerfidi' Ttyt the said Petiftau-do Jje ppen fop Table ., lentil the said, Rill he reed the Third time.

Privilege — A Petition of Jane Hungerford Spiqfter was jpfefeifoed Petition re- to the House: And fep feme relating to $ir JafwfVII-Member.* Hams, a Member of the House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie vtpoo tbp Table, until Sir Joky Williams do come into the House.

Ayrt and Ordered, That the Bill for majdpg the Riyeijs Calder Navi- and Colder navigable be read a Second time uppnthis gation. Day Fortnight.

Claims for Mr. Parkhurst, from the , Commissioners of Prizes,

Prizes. presented to the House an Answer to the Petition of

Captain George Cflmock, formerly presented to the House; and 4s as followed!; vie.

About May 11697, The Deer Garden loaded with Wines at Bourdeux in France.

The latter End of June 1697, wasfeized by the Intelligence Brigantine.

3d July 1697, brought into Plymouth,

7 October 1697, The Ship, and 9 f Tuns of Wine, were restored by Decree of the High Court of Admiralty, as belonging and appertaining to Claes Oloffe

Han/on some, and the Matter, all Subjects of the most Serene King of Sweden Whereupon, so soon as the said Decree was brought to the Prize-Office, an Order was immediately issued out for their Restitution accordingly.

9th November 1697, Another Order was () [signed, and] sent, that Pott, by the said Commissioners, to the Sub-Commissioners at Plymouth, to cause all the Remainder of her Cargo to be unloaded, inventoried, and appraiied, except the 9$ Tuns restored:

Whereupon, a Certificate was returned, That the Quantity of Calks landed out of her were but 663 Hogsheads and 9 Half Hogsheads; which make but 167 Tuns: Which Certificate was signed by the Sub-Commissioners, and agreed to by the Custom-house Officers; for which there was Freight paid, and no more.

28th January 169$. There was an Appraisement returned, upon Oath of Five Men (of which the Collector of the Customs was One), That the said 167 Tuns made out, when filled up, but 499 Hogsheads, and Half Hogsheads j which is but 125$ Tuns; and then valued them but at 8 /. per Tun.

25 February 1691. The said Wines were put up for Sale, by Inch of Candle (as the Act of Parliament for Encouragement of Privateers directs), after due Notice given, as well in London, as in Plymouth where the Wine then lay, first at the Appraisement, as usual; to which no Person offering any thing, the Commissioners lowered them by Degrees, to §/. per Tun; which not taking Effect, they let them at 4/. per Tun, to advance 5 s. per Tun; and still the Merchants continued their Resolution of not bidding: Whereupon, they adjourned thp Sale; and, feme time afterwards, having tried all man-per of Ways to advance the Price, for the Interest of his Majesty, as well as all others concerned therein, they again gave publick Notice at the Exchange, for the Selling of them; and then set the Price at 61, per Tun, and offered them publickly, to all the Merchants, at that Price; which they, unaoimously, refilled to give: But, before tbp Board rose, an Offer was made them, to take the whole Quantity, and include all eager and decayed, at the said Price of o l. per Tun; which they accepted of, and fold them accordingly.

29 June 1698. A Return was made of the Delivery of the feme, to the Buyer; which then made out but 485 Hogsheads, and Three Half Hogsheads, which is 121 Tups 24 Hotheads; to which Return, both the-Custpm-house Officers and Prize Officers agreed And

fW Supplied frqna tb« P^per vfhife wop prsftotffl Hytjfo,

tbp fenm Qua^tyfejmnde. opp^, i.a tipe^opimv gfatn ip, nt the rripes tbajr were fold fqrVraseferefeid.

The toft «n Quantity proceeds from 4bpar lopg lying on b°ard; nvhprpby the Hoops were netted; *i*a, feme of them dying, pqqaftmod #mt Xpabage; fe that, great Part of them came, out hut a Quartpr, ofeere One Third, full; pod, in general, every one of them wanting cpnfiderably of being full; fe that it took up 42 Tuns, or thereabouts, to till up the J for, which, the Cc&nmifiiouecs were

obliged to pay Freight, it being always thp-Quttom of Merchants fe. to do.

The Lois between Filling-up and Delivery, is bpt 3£

Tuns; which is butfmall Leakage, considering the y had lain near Six Months in the Celltus, after their Pirft Filling, and the Watte in Tatting, jn order to Sa)e, #c. .

Note, further, From her first coming ip, till fee was delivered, there was always Waiters on board, as well for the Custom-house, as the Prize-Office, and Locks kept on the Cellar-doors, by both Sets of Officers, until the Delivery to the Buyer, which was in Prefeoce of them all; whereof they have returned Certificates accordingly.

There was Direction always given, That fee Captains, or their Agents, might put a Waiter or Waiters on, board; join One or Two Appraisers in the Appraisement i and put Locks on the Cellar-doors, until Delivery; if they were fe pleased.

It piay be further observed. That the ,6 Tun, with the Customs, makes near 34/. per Tun; and that, for fee Wines lying at Plymouth, which is, at least, 101, per Tun Difference from the Markets in London; which, if considered, is a great Price for such Wines, that had lain so long in a perifning Condition; which rendered feme of them eager, and the rest passed and decayed, for want of being filled up.

Edxv. Ayfcoghe, John Parkhurst,

John Paschal, Mich. Cole.

Ordered, That the said Answer do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Earl of Dar-for the more easy and certain Payment of the Debts of wentwater* Edward Earl of Darwentwater, by Sale of Woods and ®^ate* Timber; and for enabling him lo raise Money, for Pif-charge of Incumbrances, upon Part of his Effete; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Og/e do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

The House being informed, on the behalf of Mr. Privilege — Smith, Under-Sheriff of Middlesex, That the Persons who Refusal of

amerced and prosecuted the Sheriff, for not detaining the Lord William Pawlet, on the Arrest, within the time Member, of Privilege of Parliament, had discharged fee Amerciament, and given the Sheriff a Release; and that therefore fee said Mr. Smith desires Leave to withdraw his Petition;

Ordered, That fee feid Mr. Smith have Leave to with-draw his Petition accordingly.

Sir Ro/whmd Gwyn acquainted the House, from the Hearing Committee of Privileges and Elections, That, by hearing Electioa fee Complaint of a Matter of Privilege, and by raafon Petition». the Hearing the Merits of fee Election for the Boroughef AUcfburyhath lotted several Days, and the Adjournment of Committees, Causes depending before the said Committee had been, postponed many Days from the Time they were first appointed; and feat the Committee had directed him to pray the Direction of fee House, what was fit |o be dope in that Cafe, for fee Ease of the Peribnr concerned.

Ordered

IO W. III.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections be im powered, from time to time, to alter, in Course, the Days for hearing the said Causes, as they shall happen to be postponed.

Woollfn Ma- A Petition of the Governors of the Dutch Bay-hall in ufcaures. Colchester; and also of the Bay-makers, Perpetuana-

makers, and Say-makers, of the said Town; was prefen ted to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Woollen Manufacture is so considerable Trade in the said Town, that the Poor thereof, and for 12 Miles about it, have their Dependence thereon; but the said Trades are so discouraged, by the Scarcity of Wool, that great Numbers of the Tradesmen of the said Town have Jet up the said Manufactures in; and those Trades

here are likely to come to decay, to the utter Ruin of (he Petitioners, and the Poor: And praying, That the Bill, now depending in the House, to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exporta-. tion of Wool from England and; may pals into

an Act; they conceiving it to be very effectual to relieve them in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

State of the Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom-Navy. ing next, nefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Viftaalintr Ordered, That Brook Bridges Esquire, Auditor of the Fleet in the Imprest, do lay before this House his Exceptions, Notes, Sana*. and Observations, upon the Account brought him for the victualing- the Fleet m the Straits.

___r Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

449

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be iri-grossed.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland, Sir Owen Buckingham, Liverpool* Sir Godfrey Coply, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Mr. Cox, Parifll*

Mr. Hughes, Mr. Freeman, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Osborne, Sir Rich.Cocks; Sir Abstr. Danby,

Sir John Rogers, Sir Walter Yome, Mr. Major Holmes, Mr. Tredenham, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Town of Liverpoole a distinct Parish from Walton is committed.

Mr. England reported from the Committee, to whom Yarmouth the Bill for repairing and maintaining Yarmouth Pier was Harbour‘ committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read.

Ordered, That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of JosiasCrcrw, late Captain of his Majesty's Claims fat Ship the Newark, in behalf of himself and Company, ^r'z*s* was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That, on the 27th of June 1697, he took, as Prize, a Sweedish Ship, called the St. Joh of which

was delivered to the Prize Officers at; and was

afterwards condemned as Prize; the Ship and Cargo, at a modest Computation, being worth 1,500l. clear of Duties; but, by the Prize-Office Accounts, was fold for 377/. \os. of which, the Petitioner and Company's Share comes to but 52/. 16 s. gd.; and, betides, there is wanting of the Cargo 26 Tuns of Wine, besides other Commodities; so that he conceives himself, and the Publick Interest, injured: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That it be referred to such of the Commissioners of Prizes, who are Members of this House, to give an Anl'wer to the Matter of the said Petition, in Writing, to the House.

24" — 250

Army

Anciiis

Duty on Leather.

Tone

Navigation*

Mercurii, 25* die;

lo° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

RDERED, That the Earl of Ranclagh, or proper Officer, do lay before this House an Account of the Arrears due to the Four Companies at New-York.

A Petition of the Company of Fellmongers, Skinners and Leather-dressers, within the Borough of Richmond, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are fentible, that the late War occasioned the late Parliaments to grant his. Majesty fevered necessary Supplies; but the Duty upon Leather is so very burdensome to the Petitioners, that it, hath reduced many of their Families to a low Condition; and, -if it should be continued, will be the Petitioners, utter Ruin, and also the whole Leather-Trade: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, so as to take off the Duty upon Leather.

Oidered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the River Tone navigable, from Bridgwater to Taunton, in die -County of was committed, '1 hat they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, with some Amendments to Lome of them.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That Mr. Bear have ..... to go into the Leave of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Woollen the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture: Manufacture And that Sir Geo. Hungerford, Sir Richard Cocks, and Mr. Eyre, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them, That they do consider how to make the Act to reftoFe the Market at'

Blackwell-hull, to the Clothiers; and for regulating the F-actors there; more effectual.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to prohibit the Dif- DistiHatiod tilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and to from Corn' prevent the Frauds in Distillers; be read the Third time upon Friday next, afterTwelvea Clock.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to trices'* enable Edtcard Price Esquire to transfer a Charge of Estate-1,000l. for the Use of his younger Children, from an Estate in the Country of Montgomay.to an Estate in the Country of Radnor, of a better Value: And that Mr.

Price do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The Hoofe, according to the Order of the Day, re- Rnfllatf solved' itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Trade-consider of the Bill to enlarge the Trade to Russia.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Thomas Daxall took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Thomas Davall reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the £ill> and made several

5 Y Amendment*

Darwent

Navigation*

Duty on Leuther.

Edging-ham's new invented Fixe-engine.

Chenevire's 4c. Nat.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Ditto.

45° '25° — 2

Amendments-thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ot'dered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jot is, 26* die;

io° Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

THE Lord Henry Cavendish, according to Order* presented to the House a Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable: And the feme was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the First time, Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Company of Tanners and Leather-fellers of the ancient City of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners have but very small Stocks to carry on their Trades; and, by real'on they are forced to pay the Duty on Leather in ready Money, they cannot carry on their Trades, nor give Credit to poor Dealers in Leather, as they used to do; whereby they are very much impoverished; and, besides, the Severities of the Act for laying the said Duty, and the Vexatiousness of the Officers for collecting it, are so intolerable, that many are ready to leave off their Trades therefore, and get their Living feme other ways: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Robert Ledging was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Cornbury,. Sir James Houb-lon, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Loxcther, Sir Parker, Mr.

Bertie, Sir Rich. Farrington, Mr. Sir IVm. Cow-

per, Mr. Harly, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Campion, Sir Rich. Cow, Mr. Worsley, Mr. Thornhagh, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Vernon, Sir IVm. St. Admiral HobJ'on, Mr. Yates, Mr. York, Sir Robert Cotton,

Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Carter, Dr. Sir Edw.

Hussey, Mr. BlofeUd, Mr. TreMr. Phippard: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize Philip Chenevire, ana others: And that the Lord Hartingion and Mr. Morgan do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of Retford, in the County of Nottingham, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That divers Persons have undertaken to make the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable, from to JVakefe.ild;

which will be a great Encouragement to the Woollen Manufactures, and the Petitioners: And, the House having given Leave to bring iu a Bill for that Purpose, the Petitioners pray, That all fitting Encouragement may be given for making the said Rivers navigable, it being for the publick Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, and Inhabitants, of the Borough of King's-Lynn,

16

Januarii. A* 1698.

in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That this House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable; and several Persons having proposed to do it. their own Charge; which will be a great Benefit to all the Northern Clothing Towns, by rendering the Carriage ofrGoods by Water cheap; they therefore pray. That the House will give all due Encouragement to the Undertakers osso good a Work.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifcake, or Starch, for One Year, from the 20th Day of January 1698, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the making or felling Buttons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs, without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled,. An Act to prohibit the Exportation of any Com, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Bifcake, or Starch, for One Year, from the 20th Day of January 1698:

And the feme, being read, are as follow; vis.

In the Title, 3d Line, for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

4th and 5th L. instead of " 20th Day " of January," read " Tenth Day of ."

1 ft Skin, 24 L. instead of " 20th Day of January," read " 1 oth Day of February."

26 and 27.Line, instead of "Twentieth Day " of January," read " Tenth Day of February,"

2 Skin, 6 L. for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

10 L. for " Bifcake," read "Biscuit."

17 L. for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

21 L. for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

3 Sk. 13 L. for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

31 L. for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

4 Skin, 2 L. for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

4 L. for " and, " read " to the."

5 L leave out from " " to " for,*

in the 9th Line.

10 L. leave out " Islands or Colonies."

11 L. leave out " or for the Benefit of the " English Fishery."

12 L. leave out " only."

14 L. instead of " I Hand or Colony, Islands " or Colonies," read " Fort, Castle, or FaClory."

]6 L. instead of " give," read " become " bound with others."

23 L. instead of " Islands or Colonies," read " Forts, Castles, or Factories."

5 Skin, 6 L. instead of " 20th Day of ,"

read " 10th Day of February."

7 and 8 L. instead of " 20th Day of February," read " 10th Day of February."

11 L. instead of " Five hundred," read " Four thousand."

17 L. for " Bifcake," read " Biscuit."

30 L. leave out from, " notwithstanding" to " and, " in the 12 Line of the 6th Skin; and read the Clause marked X; That, for the Supply of the Markets of this* Kingdom, it shall be lawful to load, tranl-port, and convey, any Sort of Corn or Grain, or the Meal and Flour thereof, in the common Boats and Vessels usually employed in the Market-Trade, under fuel) Caution and Security to the Custom-house Officers, as hath been heretofore used.

6 Skin,

t

Preventing Export of Corn, &€

Button-

making*

Preventing Export ot Corn,

IO W. III.

2 6° — -27°

45i

6 Skin, 5 L- after " Southampton read " or Town of " Southampton, and County of the fame, or of the County of Sussex."

L. 19, leave out from " given" to " provided," in the 29 Line.

L. 31, instead of " 20th Day of January" read " 1 oth Day of February."

7 Skin, 2 and 3d Line, instead of " 20th Day of Ja-

" nuary,"read " Tenth Day of 0

At the End of the Bill, add the Clause marked A: That the Commissioners of the Customs shall give a true Account, in Writing, to both Houses of Parliament, at the Beginning of the next Session, of all Corn and Grain, that shall, before that time, be exported by virtue of any Power given by the Act.

The lirft Twelve of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendments, Skin 4. L. 5, to leave out from 11 Africa' to " for,' in the 9th Line:

L. 10. leave out " Blands of Colonies L. 11. leave out " or for the Benefit of the " English Fisherv

L. 12. leave out " only L. 14. instead of " Itland or Colony, Blands " or Colonies,' read " Fort, Castle, or Factory

Being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Amendment, 16 L. being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, L. 23, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

Amendments, L. the 26th, and Skin the 5. Line the 6th, and L. 7 and 8th, L. 11 and L. 17, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Amendment, 5 Skin, 30 L. being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, disagreed unto by the House.

The Residue of the said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments, disagreed unto by this House.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Mufgrove, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Yates, Sir Jof. Trcdenham, Sir Walter Young, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bofcawen, Mr. Verney. Mr. Brother ton. Sir Eduard Seymour, Mr. Cull fordSir WSt. Sir Edward

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move,

That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to cohlider further of the said Bill* and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till To-inorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 27* die Januarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

THE House being acquainted, That Auditor Bridges Viaualling attended; |lee5"

He was called in; and presented to the House the 5>traiU' Papers relating to the Victualling the Fleet in the Straits.

The Titles of the said Papers were read.

And the Papers are as follow; viz.

N* 1, Observations upon the Account, delivered in by Mr. Reynolds, of the Monies received in the Straits, by the Right Honourable Admiral Russell.

On the Dr. Side: ift, the 3,500 /. paid Admiral Russel, Dollars. Rs. by Mr. Stexcrifon, before the Sailing of the Fleet, is call into Ps. -J- at 58 d.;whereas the Exchange,' at that time, and for feme considerable time after, was drawn from Cadiz, at Two Months, at 5 ad.; at which Rate it comes to 15,272 Dol. 6 Rs. So, it is conceived, there is charged too little, in that Article - - - - 790 —

2dly, In the 306,136 Dol. if R. there was 46,000 Dol. in Pillar and Mexico Money: which cost, for the Exchange,

430 Dol. besides 423 Dol. 3 Rs. Brokerage, Commission, and other Charges at Cadiz, thereon; of which we charge nothing, but suppose the Mexico and Pillar Dollars were paid at a greater Rate than the common Dollars.

3dly, The 46,297 Dol. 2 Rs. received at Barcellona and Alicant, cost, with the Loss of the Exchange, and Charges, 624 Dollars 5 Rs.

Itvffian

Trad*.

"Woollen

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to enlarge the Trade to Russia was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning.

5

4thly, There was 1,183 Dol. in Mexico Money, taken, out of the Chest at Pala-

"hich " "*4"*"in"» Account - m*j —

Mr. Clayton; or any Three of them: And they are to On the Cr. Side:

meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's 1 ft. In the General it appears, That the Dollars were

Chambers. calculated by the English Money} and thereby several

Errors are occafiqned; viz.

The Four first Articles for Money paid Mr. Reynolds, his Receipts are all in English Money, which ought to have beeh in Ps. -f.

N° 3. For Provisions delivered to the Princess , the Receipt is but for 30 The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Dollars, and there is charged 37f Hamdadure. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to N° 6. To Richard Holloway, for refitting consider further of the Bill to encourage the Woollen Cask at Malaga, 131 Dol. 6 Rs.; but

Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation charged 138 Dol. 1 Rs.; so over-charged 6 3

of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign N° 5. Is charged Disbursements by Mr.

Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Fitzgerald refitting Calk at Sherries, 330

Wool from England and Ireland. Dol. 6 Rs.; the Account is charged 667

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Dol. 6f Rs.; lb over-charged - - 337 — i

Sir Joseph Tredenham took the Chair of the Com- Note, In the said Account there is 325

mittee. Dollars for Cost of 25 Bundles of Iron

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. Hoops.

Dol. Rs.

7 4

Victualling Fleet in the Strait*.

45 3

2 70 Januarii. A, 1698.

Also, for Cost of 793 Calk bought, 4,748 Dol. Rs. Dollars: We foppole the Calk and Iron Hoops are included in the other Articles.

5ibly, There is charged, in the said Account, for Provisions, as follows,

11,402 lb. Rice.

395.363 lb. Rulk -12,265 lb. Raifms -

396 Bushels Gallons of Figiolas 79 Sacks, with the said Figiolas 30,976 Gallons 6 Pints of Oil 259,323 Gallons of Wine 19,586 lb. of Flour -

164,311 ib. of Raifms - -

452,891! Gallons of Wine 69,422 Gallons, 5Pints, of Oil It is humbly conceived, that tkefe Goods should be charged as they cost, according to the Invoices; and if any of them are to be charged for Beer, Butter, and Cheese, that the English Money be reduced into Ps.

-J , at 5 s. per Dollar, and not at 45. 7 6thly, These is charged, in the Account, for

*Tun*. Ilhs.

76 2 Calk with Oil - - - - 877

393 2 ditto with Wine, and 1,189 Iron

Hoops, charged - 5,094 3

699 2 ditto with ditto, and 1,172 ditto 7,977 ii

207 Q ditto with Oil, charged - - 1,888 7

- 610 7i

-14*995 2

1 411 7

- 389 2,

20 5i

- 18,022 6*

- 56,579 4*

- 781 5k

- 5,598 5

-98,812 5i

- 40,39! 2 i

3*

It is humbly conceived, that these Calk were bought > with the Wine and Oil; and that there was no new Calk, nor Iron Hoops, bought, but what were iu Mr. s

Accounts; which came to 5,073 Dollars, as above mentioned.

ythly, There is charged 340 Dollars, paid to Mr. Hart, a Cooper; for which there is no Receipt, as yet, produced.

Stilly, There is charged for Mr. Reynolds Salary, after the Rate of 400 /. per Annum, from the 7th June 94, to the 31 ft January following: The Fleet foiled from thele Seas but the 6th or 7th June, and Captain Ay Its arrived at Cadiz 20th December following: It is humbly offered to Consideration, whether his Salary should commence before his Arrival at Cadiz; and whether it should not end on Comm' Aides and Mr. Arrival there;

and, if in case he De allowed the Salary of 400 per Annum, it is conceived he ought to give an Account of the Cost and Charges of all that w'as bought for the Fleet.

qthly, There is charged, for Leakage of Wine, 20,867 Gallons, 4,552 Dol. 6f Rs.; but, by the Certificates, and Papers produced, it is but 16,262; and several of the said Certificates and Papers, are but by Guels,

lothly, Note, That when the Purlers are allowed 30 per Tun for Beer, and 4 d. per Pound for Butter, they stantkto ail Hazard of Leakage, and no Charge to the King for Calk, or otherwise.

l-ithly, Mr. Reynolds hath not yet brought au Account how ho both di fooled of the Monies and Pro*-visions charged, as received by him, in the aforesaid Account,

5th February 169^.

Note, Also, That the Purlers pretend an Allowance for providing, of Water to drink with Wine, which will augment foe Charge; and, when the Purlers have 30 s.per Tun allowed for their Beer, there is no other Charge of any kind brought to the King, as before mentioned.

N° 2. Answere to the Observatious made by the Commissioners of the Victualling.

On the Dr. side; ift, The 3,500 £ received of Mr. Stecenfon, before the Sailing of the Fleet, is cast into Dollars, at 58 d.; being according to the Exchange then at Barcellonat whore I took up this Money.

2dly, If in the Sum of 306,136 Dollars if Rl. there were 46,000 Dollar, Pillar and Mexico Money, which, you say, cost 430 Dol. Exchange, besides 423 Dol. 3 11s. Brokerage, and Commission, with other Charges; yet the said Pillar and Mexico Dollars was paid at no greater Rate than the common Dollars (except such a Sum as was carried up the Levant, for which I am willing to pay the Primage): Therefore that Charge might have been saved. o

3dly, The 46,297 Dollars 2 Rs. received at Barcelona and Alicant, is charged 58 d.;which was according to the Exchange, as I found by what I took up then for my own Use; and could have supplied the Fleet, on my own Credit, at that Rate: Therefore ft should not be expected, that I would oblige either the rurfers, or the Seamen, to receive the Money at a higher Rate than it was taken up at, especially having no manner of Information, that it cost the King (a) [any tiling] above what I have changed; neither had 1 any Reason to.suspect it, knowing I could have what I pleased at that Rate.

4thly, The 1,183 Dollars Mexico Money, taken out of the Chest at Palamos, shall be likewise made you good,

with the Balance of the Account now before you.

On the Credit Side: ift, The English Money was first calculated by the Spanish; and it was thought as proper as having it in Spanish, by reason the Beer and Butter is always turned into English at 30 s. per Ton, and per Pound: As to the first Four Articles, for Money paid Mr. Tho. Reynolds, why should it not be as proper to have it in English as Spanish, since foe Vouchers he has taken for the same is in English ? and, at your Request, the same is turned into Spanish, as it was at first: lb that, in your Account, there is both English and Spanish; and if you would have it so in his Receipt, it is soon done.

2dly, As to N# 3, and 6, there appears, in both the said Sums, to be a Mistake of 13 Dol. 7 Rs.; which I de-fire may be rectified, and allowed you, on the Balance: Errors in Accounts are always excepted.

3dly In N° 6, wherein is charged, by Mr. Fitzgerrald, 330 Dol. 6 Rs. for refitting Cafe; as also 325 Dol. for the Costs of Iron Hoops, let on the said Calks.; which amounts to leis than what is charged in the Account, 12 DoL £ Rs. which iba.ll be also allowed you on the Balance: And although, in N* 5, it's fold in the Account, only for refitting of Calk; yet the said Calk could not he made fit for Service without the Iron Hoops; and, it is plain to be seen, they belong both to one Article, altbe' not lb expressed in the Account; and the 793 Calk is included with several others that was bought, which had Iron Hoops, for Wine and Oil; and were delivered to your Agents, as appears by their Receipts.

4thly, I have already acquainted you, That there are no Invoices of the particular Species bought, the Rice, Rulk, and Figiolas: They were Species the Fleet were in great need of, by that time it got on the Coali of Catalonia, through the Deleft of Bread, Peas, and Oatmeal; and where so great a Fleet came, and People got Notice of their Necessities, they disposed of their Commodities at what Rate they pleased; and, besides, the said Pro>*-visions were bought up in small Parcels, as they could be met with.

5thly, I cannot imagine that the English Money ought to be reduced into Ps. J- at 5 s. per Dollar, when I know it cost but 4& yd.;and aui of Opinion, could have had Money at a cheaper Rate; but, being only requested by your Board, to give Receipts to Melfieurs Hodges and Company, I took no further Notice.

6tnly, 1 thought you. could not be insensible but there must be a great Occasion for Calks, knowing how fod-denly the Fleet was font, into the Mediten'anean, and no Coopers nor Necessaries lent thither, till the Fleet was just ready to fail for the Levant; which occasioned great Want, and continual Complaints made me by the Commanders, who bad- often applied themselves to Captain Ayles; upon which he desires me, in a Letter, to buy Calk, (a) Supplied Lorn the Paper which, was presented to the Mon ft-.

a fl ut ing

kj-

io W. III. 27° Januariu 453

alluring me it would he for his Majesty's Service, as indeed it was, there being no Calk fit to receive Wine in, or any thing ell'e: Now, if he could have bought them cheaper, why did he give me the Trouble ? I think there can be no room left for a Doubt, but the Calk, and Iron Hoops, charged in the Account^ was bought, Tince there is Receipts for the same: As to the Receipts for the Money which they colt, I have not; and that is no Reason for you to think they "were hot bought,' as well as those charged in Mr. Fitzgerald,'s Account; and believe my Word may be as soon credited as a Spaniard's Receipt.

7thly, The Receipt for 340 Dol. paid Mr. Hart, is delivered.

Sthly, Upon thb Fleet's Separation, I appointed Mr. Thomas Reynolds Agent for the Victualling (there being Occasion for such a Person,) , and gave him Orders to take care of the Two Victualling Ships, then with the Fleet; as also directed him to receive, and issue, all Provisions bought in the Straits, and pay short Allowance Money: And altho Captain ' Aylesand Mr." Bowles arrived-in December, yet they did no Business till the Latter-end of January, being what they themselves desired, by reason they would not meddle with any broken Proportions: But as to that, if you think it too much, you may aCfc as you please:

You cannot expect he can give you an Account of the Cost and Charges of all Provisions bought, when he did not buy it; for that was Bufinefe enough for 3 or People: Besides, as you may observe, by the Number you have now abroad, with aless Fleet, and he had only one Clerk, it was impossible for him to have left the Fleet, and gone to buy Provisions where it was to be had.

gthly. As to the Leakage, if any Error, I desire it may be rectified; but the Certificates and Papers are not by Guess: but if any of them be not in a proper Form, whenever the Persons are to be" met withal, it may be done to your Minds.

lothly, I observe, you take notice, That when the Pur-fers are allowed 30 s. per Tun for Beer, and . 4 d. per Pound for Butter, they Rand to all Hazards-of Leakage, and no Charge to the King for Calk, or otherwise: Tis very reasonable, that they should not charge any thing for Leakage, because they take it immediately from the Shore, into the Ships; but I hope there is no Occasion to tell you, that it is impossible for the grand Fleet to do this; and who should be at the Lois but the King ? 'tis what is customary in England; and there is as much Reason (if not more) for its being so abroad, the Motion being more uncertain than here: However, there is nothing charged in the Account, now before you, for Leakage of Oil, which hath been very considerable; and I am very well allured, that you reimburse the Purser of a single Ship whatever Charge he is at for Trimming of Cam: But this is little to the Purpose: There was aNeceffity for both Wine and Oil Calks; for which Reason they were bought: There is likewise a great deal of Difference between a Angle Ship, and a whole Fleet; the latter makes every thing dear where-ever it comes: I do not doubt but it appears (notwithstanding the Fleet is much inferior), that the Beer cost the King above 40 s. per Tun abroad; and, I believe, the King was well served, when I found it would come out at 30 s. per Tun, and Butter at 4 d. per Pound, without Calk.

Vol. XII.

11 thly, I have ordered Mr. Thomas Reynolds to get his Account ready for your Board; but I desire mine may be first dispatched.

No. 3. Mr. Lotonds' Letter to Brook Bridges Esquire, One of the Auditors of his Majesty s Imprefts.

Sir,

BY Order of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty'» Treasury, I herewith fend you the Account of the -Right Honourable Admiral RuffeU,of Monies by him received* and expended, in the Straits, with the Observations of "the Victuallers of his Majesty'» Navy thereupon; and also the Admiral's Answer to the said Observations: My Lords being desirous to know, whether the Rates for the several species (a) [of Provisions] therein contained do come out as cheap as the King's Allowance to Purlers of Ships, do direct you to appoint some short time for the Victuallers, and Mr. Doddington, to attend you in this Matter: and, upon hearing of them, to call up the Rates of the several Species of Provisions, and then certify their Lordships, in a Report, whether upon the Whole, the same do exceed the King's Allowance to Purlers, and how much.

I am, Sir,

Your most humble Servant,

Treasury Chambers. JVm. Lowndes.

23 March 1694.

N° 4. Auditor Bridges' Report, relating to Admiral Russell's Account of Provisions.

May it please your Lordships,

IN Obedience to your Lordships Commands, signified to me by Wm. Lowndes Esquire, I have perused an Account of Money received, and expended, in the Straits, by the Right Honourable Admiral Russell; and also the Observations upon the Account, made by the Commissioners for Victualling his Majesty's Navy, and the Admiral's Answer thereunto: I have also been attended by the said Victuallers, and by Mr. Doddington; but am not able to certify your Lordships, whether the Cost of the Provisions, contained in the said Account, does exceed, or come short of, the King's Allowance to Pur-fers: for that, the said Victuallers, and Mr.

do not agree what is the King's Allowance to Purlers in foreign Voyages; the Prices of the several Species of Provisions, from whence the Allowance to Pursers is computed, according to the Particulars brought me, being very different.

Supposing the King's Allowance to Purlers, in foreign Voyages, does not exceed Six-pence a Man per diem; then the Provisions made by Admiral Russell, ut the Rates set down, including Calk, Leakage, fyc. do exceed that Allowance; but if the King's Allowance be 7 a Day, then the said Provisions come out much cheaper' than such Allowance to Pursers.

2d April 1696. B. Bridges, Auditor.-

(a) Supplied from th. original Latter,

5 t N* 5, Auditor

Victualling. Fleet in tht Straits.

454

yiflaailing The Right Honourable Admiral Russell

Fleet in tht

Straits. To 46,297 Pieces of 4, received"!

at Alkant and Boredom - - - j To 289,898 Pieces, and 3 { Rials,"! received of Mr. , &c. - - j

To 16,237 Pieces of 4, and 6 Ri-"l als, received also of Mr. Hedges - J To 1,183 Dollars taken out of al Chest, at Palamos ----- - j

To so much received of Mr. Ste-} venson, in English Money - - - j

2 7° JanuarU.

M° 5, Auditor Bridges' 2d Report.

A, 1698.

Dr. £. s.

d.

3

n>574 6 72,474 12 2

4,059 8 9 295 15 —

3,500 — —

Total £. 91,904 2

2

For 11,402 lb. Wt. of Rice, in lieu of 2,8504, sized Filb, at 8 d. 4 each - -- -- - For 395,363 lb. Wt. of Rulk, for a like Quantity of Biscuit, at 1 4

per lb. Wt. ——

For 176,576 lb. of Raisins, and" 19,5861b. of Flour, in lieu of 31,720 and Pieces of Beef at 9 4 each

Piece, and of 25,192 Pieces of Pork, at 6 d.4 a Piece

For 396 Bushels, and Gallons," of Figiolas, for a like Quantity of Peas, at 4 f. - For 100,398 f Gallons of Oil, in' lieu of 803,195 lb. of Butter, at 4 4 per lb. Wt. ——

For 712,2144 Gallons of Wine, in lieu of 23,740 Tuns, 1 Hhd. 55 Gall, of Beer, at 40 s. per Tun For 86,071 Dollars, One and|' Rials, delivered to Mr. , to pay Short Allowance and necessary Money ——

For 340 Ps. of 4> advanced to Mr."

Hart, on Account of Salary For 31 Dollars, 5 Rials, paid for" Warehouse-room, at Alicant - - For 30 Dollars, paid the Consul of Carthergena, for Anne's

Provisions ——

And for Calk returned, at 12 ‘ per Tun ——

Per Contra Cr.

£>* s»

97 19

d.

2,882 17 84

i>93* 1 9i

79 6 — 14,223 4 104 47,480 19 —

21,517 17

85 ——

7 >8 if 7 10 —

825 18 — Total £ 89,139 12 14

Due, from the Admiral, to Balance The Account delivered in by the! Admiral admits the Balance - - J

2,764 10 — 4 4,899 5 3

In this State of the Admiral's Account, although I have charged all the Dollars received by him, at 5 s. each, have surcharged him with 1,190 Dollars, 7 4 Rials, objected to by Mr. Papillon, and dilallowed him 5,142/. 16 s. 10 d.for Calk, Leakage, and Mr. Reynold's Salary; yet thus made up, according to the Proportions of Purlers Allowances, in foreign Voyages, at the Rate of T d.a Man per diem, there will be 2,134 / 15 2 id.

lets due to his Majesty, upon the Balance, than appears to be upon the Account as delivered in by Mr. Russell: All which is most humbly submitted,

22 May 1696. B. Bridges, Auditor.

N° 6. The Commissioners of the Victualing's Letter to Mr. Lowndes.

Honoured Sir, lft, Yours of the 20th Instant was brought to our Office, the 22th in the Morning, with the Copy of the Account of Admiral Russell, itated by Mr. Auditor Bridges; at the Bottom of which Account he declares, that the Account is made up according to the Proportion of Pursers Allowance, for foreign Voyages, after the Rate of "d.perMan ,perdiem: To which we say, that never any such Proportion was allowed to Pursers: When the Victualing was in Contract, such Proportions were stated between the King and Contractors; after which Rate the Contractors w'ere to be allowed for broken Proportions; and in the said Rate was included all manner of Charges whatsoever belonging to the Victualing, as Calk, Iron-Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, Freight, Lighterage, Porterage, Cartage; and also all the Charges of Clerks, and other Officers, for managing the Service; and Profit of the Contractors likpwife The Pursers when they have left

19

broken Proportions have not been allowed more than is mentioned in our Letter to Air. Auditor , of

the 27th of March; and, in whole Proportions, till the Year 1694, but 5 d.4 per Man, per diem: When the Pur-

lers are in foreign Voyages, and wholly vidua} their Ships, they have been allowed, according to the Cost of Provisions in the several Places where they have been, sometimes 7 d.8 d.9 d.and foraetimes to \8d. per Man, per diem, in the West Indies', and when it hath fallen out,

that they could not give an exact Accoun % we have made the belt Inquiry touching the Coll of Provisions, and Charges, and agreed with them on the belt Terms we could.

2d. But as to the prefer# same of the Account delivered by Mr. Reynolds, there can be no right Measures taken from what was the Rule with Contractors, there, being therein no complete Victualing of any Ship, but only some particular Species; which, we humbly conceive, ought to be reckoned according to their Cost; and if that cannot be produced, then according as such Goods did colt, at the same time, in the same Places.

3. We are very confident, that the Admiral never intended to go by any such Rule as is proposed; for that, in the Account delivered, which we have, in our several Papers, made our Objections to, ‘and Remarks upon, there was charged but 4 d.per Pound for Butter, and 30$. per Tun for Beer; which are the Rates, we confess, we have allowed to Pursers in foreign Voyages: But we suppose Mr. Doddington hath put him upon this Notion, to have the Account calculated according to the Proportion of 7 d.per Man, per Day, allowed the Contractors;

but it was never allowed to Pursers. as before-mentioned: And how to regulate all the Charges that attend the

Victualling,

10 W. III.

07* Januarii.

455

Victualling, when it is reckoned at Man, per

Day, will be (bmewbat difficult; and, we think, will no way answer the End proposed: However, if it be the Lords Pleasure to go by that Method, we fend you, inclosed, a State of the Account according thereto; to which we refer.

4. We have made no Deduction, but what is really included in the 7 d. per Man, per diem, and we think, when the Gentleman, that advised to this Method, confident it, he will find be w as mistaken.

5. Underneath the Account, there are foveral Particulars set dow n, which will amount to a considerable Sum; but, till the Freights are made lip with the Victualling Ships, and the Pursers Accounts, we cannot come to a certain Knowlege, what the Leakage of M ine and Oil, or the Deleft of Railing, or Freight of Ships employed in that Service, amounts to.

0. As we have noted in our Papers, Commissioner Ayles, and Mr. banks, arrived in December at Cadiz; to whose Province it properly belonged, to buy what was wanting for the Fleet: And, therefore, there was no need of buying so great a Quantity of Railins, nor M ine, for Ten Months, and Oil lor Twenty Months, to come; esqecially this laftSpecies, which is so subject to Waste and Leakage.

7. We have, in our former Papers, itated the Matters, as we thought, with great Moderation and Indifferency; and, as we told their Lordships, when we were there, we shall fobmit to their Lordships Determination, whatever it be: and we humbly conceive, that what their Lord* ships shall determine to be due to the King, ought to be paid at Cadiz, where the Money was taken up; there being, at present, a Want of Money in that Place for the King's Service. We are,

Honoured Sir,

Your very humble Servants,

24 June 1696. Tho. Pa Hum. Aylcs.

John Agar,

M'e lippe some speedy Care will be taken for fopplying the Victualling-Office with current- Money, otherwise . it will be impossible to subsist.

N° 7. An Answer to each Paragraph of the Victuallers Letter, that was sent to Air. the 24th

June 1696.

lit. THEY are a little mistaken, when they say, That yd.per diem was never allowed to Pursers; as they are all'o, in affirming, That 7 d. was allowed only to Contractors: For Mr. PapitIonmuft needs remember; that the Contractors had 8 f u. in the 8

and"irf. in the Chanel; out of which, the Contractors found Calks, Bags, Hoops, and Necelfary

Aloncy, only at 6d. per Alan ,pcMonth, and all other Charges; and the King paid the extra' Necessary Money, by Billion the Treasurer of the Navy: I am very well affined, that, when Air. Papill was one' of the Contractors, the Pursers were allowed at the Rate of 7 a Alan, per diem: as appears by their several AccQiints, fitted in die Navy-Office; and the Pursers made use of the Contractors Calk, Hoops, Bags, <§r.; for there was nothing included, but Provisions, and "necessary Aloney; and 'tis fnice Christmas, that these very Commissioners allowed yd.a Alan, per diem, to the Pursers of the adventure and Colchester, for what they had supplied their Ships with in the Mediterranean (the Calks, Iron-Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, §c. were the King's) without examining their Accounts, as it is reasonably to be supposed; for, it they had, it would have appeared onto the said Commissioners, that the Provisions, with the necessary Aloney included, would not amount to more than 0 Alan, per diem; as doth appear by the Particulars hereunto annexed: So that all' they lay -in their Fir.fi Paragraph is erroneous; for, in the First Place, they say Pursers had never 7 d.a Man, per diem; and, in the fetter Part, they, have known the Pursers have yd, 8 d. and gd. and 18 per Alan, per diem.

Vol. XII.

2dly, The Account delivered by Afr. Reynolds, has not victualling any relation to what has formerly been between the King Fleet in the and the Contractors; but Ihofe who are acquainted with Strniu. the Victualling are sensible, timt when yd. a Alan, per diem, is allowed, then each Species is to be rated at such Prices; and so for 8 d.gd. or upwards: It doth appear, by my Account, that I have provided something of every Species, which is charged there according to its Colt:

Therefore, the ad Paragraph is, like the First, nothing to the Purpose.

3<ily, It is true, I deligned no otherwise than to have the Account paded as it was stated, when delivered to the Commissioners of the Victualling; in which every Thing is charged as it cost; But upon their making several empty Objections a gain It the said Account, and infilling on Invoices of the Particulars, which my long In-difpeiition, and Multitude of Beimels, would not admit me to procure, neither did I believe it of any Use, these Gentlemen not giving me any Advice what they would expect from me, I thought it neeeffiiry to propose 7 a Alan, per diem, (ti) fit lieing what they have lately allowed to Pursers, to shew their Lordships how much my Account came under yd.a Man, per diem]: notwithstanding,

I reckon nothing for Calk, or other Charges, which attends that Service: By which, I hope, their Lordships will fee, I designed to manage this Alafter, whiift abroad, with as much good Husbandry to the King, as my other Business, which was great, would possibly admit of.

4thly, M'hat is find in their 4th Paragraph, is erroneous; for, in the First Place, never any Contractors had so little as yd. a Day from the King, either in the Mediterranean, or Chanel; and when the Pursers had been allowed at the Rate of yd. a Ala n in the Contractors time, they always made use of the Contractors Calk, Iron Hoop6, Bags, &;c. and, when they are allowed yd.-a Man, per diem, by the King, then they made use of his Calks, Iron Hoops, Sic.:So these Gentlemen have been a little wrong to make so many Mistakes in One Letter, as they have done in this: There was never any thing included at 7 d.a Man, per diem, but Provisions, and necessary Aloney; for the Pursers, that have been allowed this yd. a Alan, per diem, were never charged with any imaginary Calks, Hoops, Bags, Freight,

Cartage, or any such thing, which they mention in the Account, to which they refer.

5thly, Aly Account' being cast but at 7 a Alan, per diem, has no relation to the several Particulars underneath their Account; for, at yd. a Man, per diem, there is nothing included but Provisions, and necessary Aloney; and, moreover, I include all the Calk that was bought, and all other Charges, except Freight; and ail extra'

Freight, in the Contractors time, was paid, by the King, over and above their 8f d.a Alan ,pdiem; which Air. Papillon very well knows; and as also does appear by Certificate from the Navy-Office: As* to the Leakage of Wine and Oil, from the-time it was put on board the Victualling Ships, to the time of its Delivery into his Majesty's Shjp3, the King always allowed for it, and (till continues so to do; though I charge nothing, at yd. per diem, for Leakage of either: And for Inch Provisions as prove defective, or leaks out, when on hoard . the King's Ships, and a Survey called to testify the fame, 'tis allowed to the Pursers in passing their Accounts.

6thly, If these Gentlemen had considered the Matter, they would not have font such a Quantity of Flour, as they did, without Suet to answer the fame, or giving timely Notice for providing of ltaifins, to l'pend with it; but when this Flour arrived at Cadiz, which was in October,. then was the Fruit to be provided; in procuring of which, all Diligence was used; but such a large Quantity being wanted on a hidden, made People dispose of them at their awn Rates; and then , which was-

the only Place to have them at, and to which Port Vessels were sent to receive them; and they meeting with contrary Winds, which prevented their getting out of

(«) Supplied from the Paper which wu pieTeuted to the House.

the

27° Januarii. . A. 1698.

Victualling Fleet in the 9tr&it$.

the Straits in Ten Weeks; and obliged me to employ Persons to pick up all the small Parcels they could meet with in and about Cadiz, though at an extraordinary Price, our Want of them being so great at that time; for, if the Fleet had spent upon that little Beef and Pork, which came over with the Flour, they would have had no Flesh to eat within a 'Month after its Arrival: Now, it appears, that the Fleet was provided, notwithstanding contrary Winds hindered the greatest Part of the Fruit from coming to it, long before Captain Ayles, or Mr. Bowles, arrived, or that I had received Advice of their Coming: Therefore, I judged, that the Safety of the Fleet depended upon my buying both Wine and Oil, for their Supply, while it was seasonable, which was before these Persons came; and, had not my Care and Diligence, ip procuring these Provisions, been very great, the Fleet had often wanted many Species, for Months together: This Quantity of Fruit was no more than the Flour required; only the contrary Winds hindering it so long from getting it out of the Straits, when they did arrive, by reason of the small Parcels I was forced to procure, there was more than there was Flour remaining to spend with them: And yet it was a mighty Service that the said Fruit was provided; for, had it not, Captain Ayles would have been at a sensible Loss, and the Fleet under ill Circumstances, for want of it, to spend with what Floor he was obliged to provide afterwards, to lengthen out what little Flesh was then left; which, with a small Quantity of fresh Pork, supplied the Fleet till the Vier tuallers arrived, which was about February or March: There wasalfo a Necessity for the Quantity of Wine that was provided, and more, if it could have been got; and yet it was far short of Ten Months, as those Gentlemen are pleased to say; and the Oil much short of Twenty Months 1 for that which was provided at was

but Six Months, at whole Allowance; and if there was any Waste in the latter, it proceeded from Captain Ayles' Negligence, in not distributing it to the Fleet, as soon as he might; for then every Ship would have taken care of their own Proportion.

7thly, They have concluded, after the same manner as they began, full of Mistakes, and nothing to the Purpose; for, if they had writ Matter, they should have said, We have, in our former, stated the Matters, as we know, without Moderation, or Indifferency.

N° 8. The ACCOUNT of Admiral Russell, as stated by Mr. Auditor Bridges, after the Proportion of id.per Man, per diem, examined; and the Deductions of the Charges, 8$c. included in the said 7 d. deducted by the Commissioners of the Victualling.

24 June 1696. Dr. £. s, d.

The Account, as stated by Auditor Bridges, on the Debtor Side, is agreed to be - 91,904 2 2

Cr.

By Auditor Bridges' Account, as calculated after the Proportion of 7 d. per Man per diem, allowed to Cont

i,93i

and

Contractors;

For 11,402 lb. of Rice, in lieu of 2,8504. sized Fish, at 84 d. each -

Note, The Allowance to Pursers hath been but till the Year 1694, and then 6d.

For 395,363 lb. of Rulk, for a like Quantity of Biscuit, at ifd. per lb. by the Auditor's Account, is 2,882/!. 17 s. 1 id.and it should be but -

Note, The Pursers, before the Year 1694,'were allowed but 1 d. lb. and afterwards 14 d.

For 176,576 lb. of Raisins, and 19,586 lb. of Flour, in lieu of 31,720 and 4- Pieces of Beef,! at9$d. each Piece, and of 25,192 Pieces of Pork, at 6{d. - - - -j

Note, There is reckoned, in this Account, 3 lb. 4 of Raisins for a Piece of Beef, and the like Proportion for a Piece of Pork, with Peas; which was never known in the Victualling before: And how the Pursers are satisfied therewith, and whether any of them have been cast by Survey, will not be known, till the Pursers come to make up their Accounts.

Note, The Raisins, by Account received since, cost but about 7 G^d.per C. Wt. which is little above per Pound; so that for 3 lb. 4 of Raisins, which colt but 3d. is chained as for Beef at 94 d.and as for Pork, at bid.

The Pursers, for a Piece of Beef, till 1694, were allowed but 7 d. and after that 8 d. for Pork 44 d. and afterwards 6d.

For 396 Bulbels and Gallons of Figiolas, for a like Quantity of Peas, at 45.

Note, The Pursers were allowed till 1694, but 2 4 d. and afterwards 3 s. per Bushel.

For 100,3984 Gallons of Oil, in lieu of 803,195 lb. of Butter at per lb - -

Note, That this Quantity of Oil at short Allowance, serves for upwards of 20 Months.

For 712,2144 Gallons of Wine in lieu of 23,740 Tuns, 1 Hhd. 55 Gall, of Beer, at 40$."! ,

per Tun ----- ----- - - -J

Note, Pursers in foreign Voyages have never been allowed more than 30 s. per Tun, all Waste and Charges included.

For 86,071 Dol. 1 4 R. delivered to Mr. Reynolds, to pay Short Allowance and'Necessary"I Money, by the Auditors Account, 21,517 /. 17 s.6d. and it should be but - - -4

For 340 Ps. 4 advanced to Mr. Hart, on Account of Salary ——

For 31 Dol. 5 R. paid for Warehouse eXAlicant ——

For 30 Dol. paid the Consul of Carthergena, for the Princess Anne's Provisions - For Cask returned, at 12 s. per Tun, 1,3764 Tun ——

Note, Ofthisthere is 1,093 Tun, with Wine; and 283 { Tun, with Oil.

97 19 8*

2,265 2 —

91-

79 6 —

- 14,223 4 ioi

21,517

85

7

7

825

19 —

15 Hi

18 14 10 — 18 —

The abovesaid Provisions being calculated after the Proportion of 7 per Man per Day, allowed to Contractors; wherein is included all manner of Charges relating to the Victualling, as Cask Iron-Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, Freight, Lighterage, Portage, Cartage, and all the Charges of Clerks and other Officers, for managing the Service, together with the Profit of the Contractors; it is conceived the following Deductions are moderate and teasonable, to be deducted out of the fame; £. s. d.

Though sized Fish is usually supplied by Oatmeal, which requires Cask; yet they wave the fame.

The Biscuit requires 2,637 Bags, which generally cost i2</. each, but are to! g g be returned; and therefore charge them but at 6 d. ‘ - - -J *

The

fro W. III.

2 7° Januarii.

58

s.

d.

16 —

The Dees and Pork, in the next Article, at 450 Pieces of Beef, and 900 Pieces of Pork, to a Tun, requires 98 Tuns of Cask, besides jroii-HoopS; which at 24?. per Tun, though, at present, they cost much more; abd allowing 12$. for the Return, rest 12s. per Tun, to be deducted.

The Peas require 16 Tuns of Calk, at 10s. per Tun, besides the Return In the 405-. allowed in the Proportion of 40s. for Beef, there is included the Calk, and Iron-Hoops, tyc. Accounting the Calk at 2is. per Tun, I which now cost much more, there is to be deducted, for 22,047 Tuns 2 Hogsheads, being the Overplus of Calk, besides what alleged to be bought at io$. per Tun

The Necessary Money included in the said yd. amounting to 66,077/. 13$.1 Ad. comes to 80,911 l^en, One Month, at 6d. per Man, pci' Month amounts to ----- --- J

The Victuallers now pay Bd. per Man, per Month, extra' Neeefiary Money:

But whether that wa9 included in the 7 d.when it was in Contract, we know not; and therefore charge not the linne.

Drawage Money for 23,740Tuns, at 4/. per Tun -

Adds Money, and Lading Charges, piv80,911 Men, One Month 5 The Tonage of the said Provisions amounts to 24,684 Tuns 1 Hogshead.

For Porterage, Carterage, and other petty Charges ofi Board, 3$. per Tim, is Charges of Clerks, and Contractors Profit, supposed to be 10 Cent.;'] but w'e charge only 6 per Cent; which on 66,077/. 13$, 4 is - j

All these Particulars are included in the 7 d.; and therefore, when the Provisions are calculated^ tlial way, to be deducted - - - - j

8 ——

0,323 15

2,022 15 6

395

107

3,702

3>964

*3

14

12

IO

So that, by this Account, calculated afier this manner of yd. per Man, per , the natural,) reasonable, and moderate, Deductions made, there will be due to the King - - . - /

457

s.

d. Victualling

Fleet id tiii Straid

21,649 15 11

66,871 >9 ci

25,032 2 7i

'. 91,004 2 2

Besides, there is the Freight of several Victualling Ships; (he Frigat, John Phiil Matter; the Friend-

ship, JVm. Hill; the Hopeful Margaret, Mordeeai Wheat ly, and th Roger IVadham Matter; which

were employed in this Service, for fetching Wine and Oil, which might be proper and necessary for the Service: But, it is humbly conceived, when the King pays the freight, lie ought to have the Benefit made thereby.

There is likewise considerable Leakage, in the Oils lying long in the Ship of Mordeeai JVheatly, 4,966 Gallons j whereof goi Gallons was pumped up, and disposed of as Pump-Oil; and other Leakage, in other Ships, whereof we have not a full Account.

There may be also demands by the Pursers, when they come to make up their Accounts, for Leakage, both far 'Wine and Oil; but the Lol's of this cannot be known till all the Pursers have made up their Accounts.

The Purlers likewise demand Allowance for Water, to mix with their Wine; which, when the Pursers have Money for their Beer, is always upon their own Charge.

24 June, 1696. Tho. Papillon, John Agar,

v

Y0L. XII. 6 A N* 9.

SP3- i.S a

C e

F B-g.

*.2

N° 9. A Copy of Admiral Russefz Account, as dated by Mr. Auditor Bridges, and examined by the Commissioners of the Victualling;

D

(Q'

n'

CD

CL

a~

'C

o

o

08

FT

Dr.

The Account, as stated by Mr. Auditor on the Debtor Side, is a

to be

greedj

9l>9°4

s. d.

Cr.

ift, By Auditor Bridges's Account, as calculated after the Proportion of yd. per

Man, pet' diem, allowed to Contractors.

adly, For 11,402 lb. of Rice, in lieu of 2,850} sized Fish, at 8^/. each

Note, The Allowance to Pursers hath been but till the Year 1694, and then 6d.

3dly, For 395,363 lb. of Rulk, for a like Quantity of Biscuit, at 1 \d. per lb.-) by the Auditor's Account, is 2,882/. 17 s.\±d. and it should be but - j Note. The Pursers, before the Year 1694, were allowed but 1 per Pound; and afterwards 1 ±d.

4thly, For 176,5761b. of Raisins, and 19,5861b. of Flour in lieu of 31,720-$-'!

Pieces of Beef, at q\d. each Piece; and of 25,192 Pieces, at 6id. of Pork/

Note, There is reckoned, in this Account, 3 lb. of Raisins for a Piece of Beef, and the like Proportion for a Piece of Pork, with Peas; which was never known in the Victualling-Office before: And how the Pursers ' -are satisfied therewith, and whether any of them have been call by Survey, will not be known till the Purlers come to make up their Accounts.

Note, The Raisins, by Account received since, cost but about 7 6 id. perC.Wt. which is little above i per Pound; so that for 3 lb. } of Raisins, which coll but 3d. is charged as for Beef, at; and as for Pork, at 6id.: The Pursers, for a Piece of Beef, till 1694, were allowed but 7 d.and after that 8 d.; and for Pork and afterwards 6

£thly, For 396 Bush. 4 Gall, of Figiolas, for the like Quantity of Peas, at 4s.

Note, The Purlers were allowed, till 1694, but 2 and afterwards 3s* per Bushel.

tithly, For 100,398} Gallons of Oil in lieu of 803,195 lb. of Butter, at 4l</.'l

per Pound - - - - -j4, J

(a) [Note, That this Quantity of Oil, at Short Allowance, ferns for upwards of 20 Months.]

97 19 8}

2,265 2 8}

9k

79 6 —

4 lof

7thly, For 712,214-!- Gallons of Wine, in lieu of 23,740 Tuns 1 Hogslieadl 55 Gallons of Beer, at 40#. per Tun - - - -J

Note, Pursers, in foreign Voyages, have never been allowed more than 30$. per Tun, all Waste and Charges included, 66,077/. l3^*

Stilly, For 86,071 Dol. 1}, delivered to Mr. Hey voids, to pay Short AlIowO ance and Necessary Money, by the Auditor's Account, 21,517/. 175. 6r/.;| and-it should be but

(«) Supplird from the Paper which was presented to the HouC*»

47,480 19 —

21,517 15 Hi

Answers to the Account sent Mr. Lowndes, in a Letter from the Commissioners of the Victualling,

bearing Date the 24th of June 1696.

ill, Contractors wrere never allowed so little as yd a Man, per; but Pursers have.

2dly, What hath been allowed for sized Fish, before or after 1694, is nothing to the Purpose; for Auditor Bridges's Account is at yd. per diem; and then a sized Fish is Sid.

3dly, I answer this, in the same manner as I do the sized Fish,

4thly, Whether 3lb. f of Raisins, were ever issued before for a Piece of Beef, and the like Proportion for a Piece of Pork, with Peas, I know not; but this was done by Captain own

Desire: And Mr. PapiUon very well knows, that they w'ere issued, as above mentioned, having seen it certified by Mr. Phin. Bowles, at the Bottom of his Receipt for Fruit, which was delivered him with my Account: And as to the Raisins that have been provided since by Captain Ayles being cheaper than those I bought, there is a great deal of Reason for it: What I provided was on a sudden, the Fleet being driven to Necessity; And what Captain Ayles provided has been in small Quantities, and gave timely Notice for buying of them, which alters the Property extremely: 'Tis plain there was none of those which I provided cast by Survey; for I left the Straits feme Months after they were spent, and no Application had been made to me for an Order to survey any Part of them: Which w'ere allowed for Beef and Pork, before and after 1694, is nothing to the Account stated by Auditor Bridges.

5thly, What is mentioned about the Price of Peas, is nothing to the Matter.

6thly, The Quantity of Oil provided by me was what would serve the Fleet, at Short Allowance, about 15 Months; Six of which were expired before Captain Ayles arrived at Cadiz: but I observe, in the 6th Paragraph of their Letter, they fav, I had provided Oil for 20 Months to come, after Captain Ayles' Arrival; which is a plain Mistake: In my answer to the said Paragraph, I tell the Reason for providing the several Species; to which I refer.

7thly, I allow, that 30s. is what hath been, and is, allowed to Pursers, for Beer, on foreign Voy* ages; but then, 'tis leldom they are more than 2 or 3 Ships together; and they receive the Wine direfilly from the Shore on board their Ships: So that there can little or no Leakage happen; neither have they Occasion to be at any Charge in getting it on board, by reason they have the Ships Men and Boats to do it: But, with a Fleet, this is not to be done; and what is charged for Leakage in my Account, is what happened in bringing the Wine to the Fleet, from the several Ports where it was provided.

Sthly, This u. 6-}</. is easily rectified.

9thly,

Cn

OQ

2 70 Januarii. A. 1698.

D

eg'

H-

n'

CD

Cl

Cr

o

9thly, For 340 Ps. -J-, advanced to Mr. Hart, on Account of Salary -P For 31 Ps. 4- 5 Rs. paid for Warehouse, at -

m For 30 D* paid the Consul of Carthagena, for Princess Anne's Provisions -M For Cask returned, at 12 s. per Tun, 136^ Tuns -

Note, Of this, there is 1,093 Tun with Wine, and 283$ Tun with OiL —

£.88,

lothly, The abovesaid Provisions being calculated after the Proportion of 7 per Man, per Day, allowed to Contractors; wherein is included all manner of Charges relating to the Victualling, as Cask, Iron-Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, Freight, Lighterage, Porterage, Cartage, and all the Charges of Clerks, and other Officers, for managing the Service, together with the Profit of the Contractors; it is conceived the following Deductions are moderate and reasonable, to be deducted out of the fame; lithly. The sized Fish is usually supplied by Oatmeal, which requires Cask; yet they wave the fame.

The Buifcuit requires 2,637 Bags, which generally cost'

12 d.each, but are to be returned; and therefore

charge them but at 6d.

J2thly, The Beef and Pork, in the next Article, at 450'

Pieces of Beef, 900 Pieces of Pork, to a Tun, requires 98 Tun of Calk, besides Iron-Hoops; which at 24 per Tun, though, at present, they cost much more, and allowing 124. for the Return, rests 12 per Tun to be deducted ——

)3thly, The Peas require 16 Tun of Calk, at 10 5. per'

Tun, besides the Return - -

.In the 40s. allowed in the Proportion of 40$. for Beef there is included the Cask, and Iron-Hoops,

Accounting the Cask at 22 s.per Tun, which now cost I much more, there is to be deducted, for 22,647 Tuns? 11,323 '5 —

2 Hogsheads, being the Overplus of Cask, alleged to be bought at \os. per Tun -

I4thly, The Necessary Money included in the said 7<C1

amounting to 66,077/. 135. 4 d.comes to 80,911 Men, > 2,022 15 ®

One Month, at 6</. each Man, per Month 5 amounts to -J l5thly, The Victuallers pay now 8 d.per Man, per Month, extra' NccefTary Money: But whether that was included in the "jd. when it was in Contract, we know not; and therefore charge not the fame.

16. Drawage-Money for 23,740* Tun, at Tun - 395 13 6

£ s. A 65 18 6

58 16 —

8 ——

lothly, This being all a Mistake, as appears by Certificate from the Navy-Office, I conceive no Deductions can be made.

11 thly, The 1 oth Article being all a Mistake, this is frivolous, and nothing to the Purpose.

12thly, This is all Imagination, and nothing to the Purpose.

13thly, All a Mistake.

14th. The Provisions stated in Mr. Auditor Bridges*Account, which was sent to the Commissioner* of the Victualling, will not amount to 7 d.a Man, per , except the Necessary Money be added to it; which feme of their Clerks may prove, in case they do not understand it themselves.

I5thly, The Sd.a Man, per Month, which is extra' Necessary Money, was never paid by the Contractors, but by the King; and Bills made out on the Treasurer of the Navy for the fame.

16thly, When the Contractors were allowed 84 d.a Man I believe it might be as it's mentioned on the other side; but my Account, as it is stated by Auditor Bridges, has no relation to tlrat c_rt

Adds

g

CQ'

N

CD

CL

cr

/ d.

Adds Mowoy ami Lading Chargps,. for 80,911 Men, One^ o

Month - - - - -J‘ -

The Tonage of the said Provisions amounts to 24,684 Tuns, 1 Hoglheod.

For Portage, Cartage, and other petty Charges otf board, > 02 12 o

at 3 s.per Tun, is r - - y<

Charges of Clerks, and' Contractors Profit, fopposed to- bel 1 o per Cent.; but we charge only Six per Cent.; which, r 3,964 'to —

on 66,077/. 134. 4 if. is - - - - -j

All these Particulars, are included in the 7 d.; and therefore, when the Provisions^ are calculated that way, to be deducted - - -f

s.

1 /tidy. So that, by this Account, calculated after this manner, of Man, per Diem, the natural, reasonabic, and moderate [Deductions made,

there will be due to the King ' - - - - -J

21,649 15 11

66,871 »9 6*

25,032 2 7i

91>9°4 2 2

1 Stilly, Besides, there is the Freight of several'Viflualling Ships; the Castle Frigat, John Phill Ala (ter; the Friendship, / Vitliam /////Mhfter; the Hapefht Alargaret, ! Plica tip; and

tile Happy Return, Roger Wadham Maflfer which Were employed in this Service, for (etching Wine arid Oil, which might be proper and necessary tbr the Service: But it is most humbly conceived, that when the King pays the Freight, he ought to have the Benefit made thereby.

19thly, There is like wile considerable Leakage in the Oils long lying in the Ship of Mordecai IPheatly, 4,966 Cations; whereof 901 Gallons' was pumped up, and disposed of as Pump-Oil; and other Leakage, in other Ships; whereof we ha* e not a full Account.

20thf}\ There may- be allb Demands, by the Pursers when they come to make up their Accounts, for Leakage, both for Wine and Oil; but the Loft cannot' be known till all the Purlers have made up their Accounts, si. The Purlers likewise demand Allowance son Water, tamix with their Wine; which, when the Purlers have Money for their Beer, is always.upon Ubelrown Ghfi^ge;

SP*!-!

ill

r KS

l/thly, My Account being cast only at id.a Man, diem, *tis neither natural, reasonable,"nof moderate, to make any Deductions.

i Sthly, In the Contractors time, all extra' Freights were paid by the King.

1 gthly, If there was any Leakage, by the Oil lying long in the Ship of ATordecm , or any

other, it was a Neglect in Captain Aylcsnot to distribute it to the Fleet sooner, as he might have done.

20thly, I never heard any Complaints made of Leakage, either of Wine-dr Oil: frut* if any such thing does appear, by a Survey, it's allowed by the King, on the Purlers passing their Accounts.

21 thly. The Purlers never made any Demand for an Allowance of Water, to mix with their Wine: But it was for Water which the Ships Companies drank, when there was no Wi.v to be got; as also, to prepare and dcels. Provisions , for which they are always allowed by the King.

10W. III. 270 JanuariL

K* 10. Auditor Bridges 3* Report, in Answer to the

Victuallers Objections.

May it plcufe your Lordships.

IN Olieditnce to your Commands, I have perused and considered the Papers, delivered in by the Commissioners for victualing his Majesty's Navy, relating to Admiral Russel's Account of Provisions; and a State thereof, which, by your Lordships Commands, I was required to make, according to a Calculation of 7 a Man, per diem: To which the said Commissioners have been pleated to object; viz.

lit Objection. That yd.a Man, a Day, was only allowed to Contractors.

Answer. I do not find to little as a Man allowed at any time to Contractors, for Sea Victuals: Mr. Papillon and his Partners were allowed a Day,

in the Chanel, and 8 d.J. in the /Vest-Indies, &c.

2d Objection. I have computed sized Fish at 8 each; whereas, Pursers were allowed but 4 d. i until the Year 1694; and then but Cnl.

Answer. In the Year 1672, Mr. being the n

One of the Contractors, I find -J- allowed on Pursers Accounts for the said Filli.

3d Objection. I have allowed for Biscuit at 1 d. -J- per lb.; whereas, till the Year 1694, Purlers were allowed but id. per Pound; and afterwards at 1 {.

Answer. The same Account for 1672, charges 1 f per Poiyul to Pursers; but, I find, they have herein justly charged me with a Mistake in the Computation of 395,363 ib. W't of Rulk which, at 1 F lb. makes, as they say, but 2,26.5 /. 2 s. o In Excuse of it I can only say, it was not done wilfully; but, being pressed to hasten in the Account, mistook the Fraction, and computed it at 1 d. -f.

4 Objection concerns the ^Proportion and Price of Radius, to be allowed for Beef and Pork; which does not atilCt my Computation; but seems to infer, if Beef and Pork may be supplied there by other Provisions, at one 3d of the Colt, no more should be lent than was absolute'y necessary.

This Objection also charges me with computing Beef at gd-iand Pork at 6d. L per Piece; whereas Pur-

fers, till the Year 1694, were allowed but 7 lor Beef, and 4 d. kfor Pork.

Anther. By the same Account for 1672, I find 10 allowed for Beef, and 7 il.for Pork.

5 Objection. I compute Peas at 4 s. per Bufiicl; whereas Purlers w ere allowed, till 1694, but 2s. 4 and af-terw ards but 3 s.

Answer. The same Account allows to Pursers 4$. 5 d. per Bushel.

6 Objection. The Quantity of Oil provided was sufficient for above 20 Months.

' This not concerning me, I refer to the Admirals An-Iwer.

7 Objection. I compute Beer at 40 where-

as Pursers have never been allowed more than 305. Waite and Charges included.

Answer. The same Account for 1672, allows 2/. 11s. 3 d. per Tun to Pursers.

8 Objection. The Auditor's Computation allorvs 1 id. £ more than ought, for Necessary Money.

Answer. The Calculation I was required to make, was to satisfy your Lordships; whether the Account, as delivered in by the Admiral, or an Allowance, at the Rate of yd. a Alan, per diem, would come out ealieft to his Majesty; and I thought it of more Moment to make a speedy Return, than to be over-nice in the Calculation r But I stand corrected, and will do them right in the Balance.

The 9th Article not objected to.

10th Objection. That 7 d.a Man, a Day, includes all manner of Charges relating to the Victualing, as Calk, Iron-Hoops, Biscuit-Bags, Freight, <fyc.

Answer. Mr. Papillon, and Partners, though allowed at 8 d. L a Man, per diem, and at the same Rate for broken Proportions, are allowed also for extraordinary

Vol. XII.

Freight, Charges to Agenfs in distributing Provisions to Viflualling the Fleet, Water-Calk, Iron-Hoops, Sc. Fleet in the

The following Deductions, amounting to upwards of ^traits* 20,000l. being grounded upon Mistakes, will fearce need a further Answer; however, I will take notice of them, in their Order.

The nth, 12th, and 13th Articles, concern the Proportions of Biscuit-Bags, Calk, *and Iron Hoop?, necessary for certain Quantities of Provisions, which I will not contend with them about; but mult not allow', that Contractors, or Pursers, supplied them at yd. a Man, per diem.

The 14th Article, concerning Necessary-Money, included in the 7 d. a Day, I either do not understand, or the Inference is very unreasonable: If the 6 d. a Month, allowed for Necessary Money, be cast into the 7 a Day, why then should 2,022/. 155. 6d. be surcharged? If they would have it thought it is not comprehended in the yd a Day, they did prudently not to speak plain

jn a thing which must have been contradicted.

The 15th Article makes a Doubt, whether 8 a Month, allowed for extraordinary Necessary Money, was included in the 7 d.a Day: If none of these Gentlemen had never been Contractors, I should not much wonder at the Doubt.

The 16th Article furebarges the Admiral's Account with Drawage Money, Adds Money, Portage, Cartage,

Charges of Clerks, ContraClors Profit,; all which, they affirm, are included in the yd. a Day; and that for these, and same of the foregoing Articles, the said Account naturally, reasonably, and moderately, ought to be surcharged with 21,649/. 15 s. 11

1 have already acquainted your Lordships, That there was never so little as 7 d. a Day, for each Man, allowed to Contractors; that Mr. Papillon, and his Partners (and I do not know that any other Contractors have served the Crown cheaper), were allowed 8 a Day in the Chanel, and 8 d.iin the Straits; that the same Allowance il

made for broken Proportions, supplied by Pursers; and that, the Contractors are, notwithstanding, allowed for extraordinary Freight, Charge of Agents, Water-Calk, Iron-Hoops, Bifouit-Bags, <fyc.; which will appear by Mr. Colby's Certificate, and the Account itself, which I have brought down with me: Therefore I am humbly of Opinion, the Deductions are neither natural nor reasonable: But with your Lordships Permission, will put it upon this Issue: ,

There are some ContraClors for ViCIualing, who have hot yet paired their Accounts; and, I persuade myself, they are very moderate and reasonable Men: If these Gentlemen can prevail with the said ContraClors to be content with 7 d.a Man, a Day, with or without these Deductions, I will readily subscribe to their Opinions.

As a further Evidence, that these Gentlemen do not think that 7 d.a Man, a Day, did comprehend the whole Charge of Victualing, I take leave to remind your Lordships, that, in the Year 1691, They were pleased to deliver your Lordships a Breviate of the Victualing, for the Years 1690 and 1691; which was referred to Mr. Auditor Done, and myself, to examine; The Intention of it, if I mistake not, was to satisfy your Lordships, that these Gentlemen had been very good Managers, in that their Victualing came under 20 s. a Man, per Month; and whatever it came at under that, was liipposed to be saved: Yet 20 s.a Man, per Month is above 8 £ per

Day; and in that Computation, the Harbour-Victuals were comprehended also, which were never reckoned at above 6d.a Day.

The Account, as delivered in by the'l £. s. d.

Admiral, admits the Balance, due to his > 4,899 5 Majesty, to be -But, computed at the Balance will be

The Difference is - - £. 1,516 18 6-f

7 d. a Man, a DayA

<1 080 fi

All which is most humbly submitted.

14 July 1696. A true Copy.

B. Bridges.

6 B

46 s 270 Januariu 1698.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Papers be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider the State of the Navy.

Sedgmore A Petition of the Commoners, who have a Right to

Diamugf. Pasture in the Common of Sedgmore, in the County of

Somerset, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for opening the ancient Roynes and Watercourses in -more, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor healthful and profitable to the Commoners and Inhabitants thereabouts: And that Mr. Hunt and Mr. Hoar do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Hamburgh A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, Cloth* Company, workers, and others, of the Town of Leeds, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Expor-. tation of our English Woollen Manufactures was tirft attempted, and succesefully carried on, by the good Management of the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England-, but, of late, their Privileges have been very much infringed by Foreigners, upon whom great Part of our Woollen Trade is already fallen; and, if speedy Care he not taken, by their Infight into the Working of our Wool, may be wholly carried into foreign Countries; where it is already begun: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing the said Company in the Enjoyment of their Privileges, exclusive of all Foreigners, only in Ger, upon such Terras and Conditions as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be preferred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Lord Dorame, Sir Walter Younge, {>ir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. G Sir Rowland Guytm, Mr.

Palmes, Sir Theop. Oglethorp, Sir Chris. Mr.

Boyle, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Mr. Osborne, Sir

Dauby, Mr. Greenhill, Sir William Drake, Mr. Probert, Mr. Parrei', Sir John Bodes, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Chet-tvynd, Sir Wm. Blaclcet, Mr Jenkins, Mr. Mr.

Harley, Lord Jrvyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Powqr to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

been extremely oppressive and ruinous to the Petitioners j the particular Grievances being too tedious to trouble the House withal; but an absolute Necessity forces them to apply for Redress, their Stocks being wasted, and the poorer Sort ready to starve: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken o(f.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Leather-dressers and Glovers of the putv on City of York was prelbuted to the House, and read; Leat"er* setting forth, That the Severity of the Officers, in receiving the Duty upon Leather, and searching the Glovers in the Markets, though the Duty has been paid before; together with the Dearness of Leather; hath reduced the Petitioners to a Want of Subfilteuce: And praying the House to take off the said Duty.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of Charles Newton, Matter of the Hester^ Transport of Newcastle, and of other Matters of Ships of New- Dtbt*

castle, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That they were employed in the Transport-Ser-vice, in 1693, for which there is due to them above 2,3811, though they were forced to borrow Money at Interest, for which they have not received any Satisfaction:

And praying the Consideration of the House therein. f

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the River Tone Navii Tone navigable be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning, next, after Eleven a Clock.

a

A Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County Darwent Na-of Derby, navigable, was. according to Order, read the vigation. First time. "

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Sevennight, in a full House.

Ordered, That Sir Philip Butler have Leave to go into Leave o(

the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

An ingossed Bill for the better and further Encou- ragement of Gifts to charitable Uses was read the Third charitable time. Lies.

And the Question being put, That the Bill do pass;

It passed in the Negative.

privilege. Sir John Williamsbeing in the House;

The Petition of Jane Hungerford was read; setting forth, That, about 30 Years since, the Petitioner, for 425/. purchased of Sir Ti'eoor Williams, the said Sir Johns Father, Six Tenements, in the County of Monmouth: which the Petitioner afterwards re-demised to Sir Trevor, subject to the Payment of an Annuity of 50 /. per Annum, for the Petitioner's Life; which being in Ar-rear, for several Years, in Sir s Life-time, the Petitioner, by Law, got Pofiession of the said Premises; and received the Profit^ till Michaelmas last, when some of the Tenants attorned to Sir which

occasioned the Petitioner to impower Robert Jones to make a Distrefe for her Arrears of Rent; upon which, (he supposes, Sir Jo. Williams has grounded his Complaint of a Breach of Privilege: And praying, That the Hearing the Matter of the said Complaint, which is appointeeby foe Committee of Privileges and Elections to be beard before them foe 3d of February next, may bp put off for a Fortnight longer; and that (he may be then heard, because me cannot be ready (boner, touching the Matter of the said Complaint.

Ordered, That the Hearing of the said Matter be put off for a Fortnight longer: And that the Petitioner be heard before foe feid Committee.

Duty on A Petition of the Tanners, Fellmongers, within

Leather. the Borough of NewMalton, and other the Market-Towns and Villages adjacent, within the North Riding of foe County of York, was presented to the House, ana read; setting forth, That foe Duty upon Leather has

18

Mr. Heceningham reported from the Committee ap- Preventing' pointed to draw up Realons, to be offered to the Lords, Export of at a Conference, for disagreeing to some of the Amend- Coru>&c* menta, made by their Lordships, to the Bill, to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread*

Biscuit, or Starch, for One Year, from the 20th Day of January 1698, That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at foe Clerk's Table: Where the feme were twice reah; and agreed unto by the House; and are a* follow; viz.

The Commons difegree to foe Amendment, Skin 4.

L. 5. Because the prohibiting Com, Malt, Meal,

Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, to be carried out of England, to the Sugar Hands, or Colonies, may putt foe Inhabitants there upon planting Provisiops themselves, instead of Sugar-Canes, Cotton, Ginger, and;

Indico; which will be greatly prejudicial to England, in respect of its Navigation and Riches:

Nor do foe Northern Plantations supply the Sugar Islands wifo half foe Biscuit, Meal, Flour, and Peas, they use; and wifo no Starch at all

And because it may be of dangerous Consequenc.e tq accustom his Majesty's Southern Hands in America, to draw such Provisions from New-England, Pensilvania, apd other Parts upon foe Continent, wifo which foey were heretofore supplied from England; and, should there be a Prohibition, as aforesaid, it would raise foe Provi-fipns of the Northern Plantations to (b high a Rate, that the poorer Sort of the People q( the Southern Islands, or

Colonies,

Conference df'ired with Lords.

Russian

Tiadc.

Distillation from Corn.'

Members

kumnoiietl.

lords agret to a Conference.

Defaulters to Cidl «i the House,

Committees.

I o W: III. 2 7* — 28° Januariu 463

'Colonies, would be unable to iubfift, and consequently get off the Itland as fall as they can; nor will the Rich be able to ipaintaio their numerous Servants and Slaves, necessary to carry on their Works.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Skin 4, L. 10, for the Reasons aforesaid.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Skin 4, L. 11, Because, if the Words " English Fishery" are left out, there will be no Provision made to carry Corn for the Supply of our Settlements in;

who have no Corn of their own Growth, and have always been supplied from England.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Skin 4, I.. 12, for the Reasons given for their disagreeing to the First Amendment:

And to the Amendment, Skin 4> L. 14, and 23, for the same Reasons.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment, Skin 5, L. 30, Because that they cooceive, that their own Proviso will more effectually prevent any Disputes that may arise between the King's Officers and the People, in re* lation to Cuckets and Return?, than the Clause added as an Amendment.

Ordered, That Mr. Heceningham do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Sir Thomas Daiall reported from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to inlarge the Trade to Russia was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same ere once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That

And the same was tw:ice read; and the Blanks filled up; and the Clause, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingossed.

An ingossed Bill for prohibiting the Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; was, according to Order, read the Third time.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into IVcstmimtcr-hall, and Courts there, and Court of Re-quests, and summon the Members there to attend the Service....

And the Serjeant being returned, with the Mace;

Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

Rt'/hired, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title fee, An Act to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and against the Exporting «f Beer and Ale; and to prevent Frauds m Distillers.

Ordered, That Mr. Htveningham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Heceningham reported. That he having, according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Conference, they do agree to a Conference, accordingly. Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who are appointed to draw up Realbns to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

Ordered, That the Names of the Members who made Default to appear at the Call of the House, be 'called over upon ThursdayMorning next: And that such of the said Members as shall not then attend, be lent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arras attending this House.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned fill Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock*

V01. XII.

Sabhati, 28* die janu}

to* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That Mr. Robert Bertie, Sir Geo. - Rambnrgb

ford, Mr. Colfon, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Mr. Tree- ComPan/'

man, Mr. Atkinson, Mr. Eyres, Sir. Cha. Barrington, Mr.

Pagit, Mr. Orm, Mr. Baggot, Mr. Yates, Mr.

Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Sir Chr. Hales; and all the Mem-

bers that serve for the Counties of York, Somerset, Wilts, and Nottingham; be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and Cloth-workers, of Leeds, is referred*

Ordered, That Mr. Tredenham, Sir Cloudsly Ledging-

Mr. Lowndes, Sir Godfry Copley; and all the Members !,am'8 that serve for the Sea-Ports and Cinque-Ports; be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Ledgingham is referred.

A Petition of the Company of Skinners, Leather- Doty on dressers, and Glovers, of the Town of Shrewsbury, in Leather, the County of Salop, was presented* to the House, and read; letting forth, That they are sorely oppressed by the Duty upon Alum, and milled Leather; and many unnecefifary Suits they are put to, by the Excise-men, who collect the Duty, and detain their Goods, by them vexatiously seized, after they have recovered them by Law:

And, praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do-lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, and Company Ditto, of Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Glovers, in the City of Chester, was presented to the House, and' read; letting forth. That the Petitioners used to import great Quantifies of Lamb-lkins from Irelandi the Manufactory whereof employed many Hundreds of Persons; but, by reason of the high Duty upon Lamb-skins in Ireland, and a/ triple Duty here, with a Duty upon Salt and Leather^ the said Manufacture is almost loft, and is improved in foreign Parts; to the Lefiening of the King's Revenue; the impoveriflting the Petitioners, and their Dependents 3 And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Leather-dressers, and Ditto. Glovers, of the Town of Manchester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That heretofore the Petitioners, and their Ancef-tors; imported great Quantities of Calves and Lamb-Ikius from Ireland, to a good Account; whereby abundance of poor People were employed in manufacturing of them; but Trace a great Duty thereon in Ireland, and here, and the Duty upon Salt, wherewith they are wrought, that Trade is mightily decayed; and improved in foreign Countries; to the utter Ruin of the Petitioners, and their poor Workmen; the Truth of whole Grievances the many Petitions to this House, left Parliament, from all Parts of England, may witness: And praying feme speedy Relief in toe Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Turners, Cordwainers, Skinners* Ditto* Glovers, Curriers, and Sadlers, inhabiting and trading within the City of Durham, and Suburbs thereof, was presented to toe House, and read; letting forth, That toe Duty upon Leather, that all the said Trades have felt the ill Effects of it, to the utter Ruin of feme, and the Impoverishment of raoft of them; besides, toe Manner of collecting the Duty, and the intolerable Grievances of the Officers, is very vexatious; for that much of their lime is Ipent in getting Permits, Entries, and Discharges; neither can they buy any Leather but on a Market-Day, when a poor Alan has nqt Money enough to jay in Stock for the w hole Week: nor can the Seller rave them

Credit.

Duties on Leather.

Hamburgh

Company.

Stanhope's

Petition.

Claims for Frizes*

464 28 0 Januarii. . 1698.

Credit, because of the Want of ready Money to pay the King's Duty; so that their several Trades are, in a manner loft: And praying the Relief of the'House, so as they may be enabled to carry on their fuid Trades, and their poor Workfolks Impoverishment thereby prevented.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Glovers, in and near the City of Worcester, was presented to the Mouse, and read; letting forth, That the Duties upon Leather and Salt, wherewith Alum-Leather is dressed, hath so advanced the Price of Goods, that they cannot find a Market to vend them, as may appear by the final! Entries of Gloves to foreign Markets; and this Duty hath put Germany, Holland, and Scotland, to make Gloves, who used to be supplied from England, but can now under-fell us; by which means the Petitioners foreign Trade is quite loft; and they, and their Families, mult, in a short time, be ruined, without some fppedy Care be taken: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and Cloth-workers, and others, in HaLifar, and elsewhere, in the West Riding in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Exportation of our English Woollen Manufactures was first carried on by the Company of Merchant-Adventurers of England, to the great Benefit of this Nation; but, of late Years, their Privileges have been infringed by Foreigners, who have already got a great Part, and Iniight of that Trade; which they have set up in foreign Parts; and will endanger the Loss of it, if not timely prevented: And praying, That a Bill may be brought in to encourage and protect the said Company in their Privileges, exclu-five of all Foreigners, upon such Conditions and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, Cloth-workers, and others, of the Town of Leeds, in the County of York, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Thoms Stanhope, a Minor, under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, by Dorothy Stanhope, his Mother, and ProcheinAmy, was presented to the House,

and read; letting forth, That *

That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Parkhurst, from the Commissioners of Prizes, presented to the House an Answer to the Petition of Crow, late Captain of his Majesty's Ship the in

behalf of himself, and Company; presented to the House the 2.5th Instant.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said fiver is as followeth:

About May 1697. The St. John, loaded with Wine at Burdeaux in France.

Latter-end of June 1697; was seized by the Newark.

July 2d, 1697. Brought into Plymouth.

September 30, 1697. The Ship and Lading condemned, except Hogsheads, and 6 Ilalf-Hogstieads, of Wine, and 1 Half-Ht)glhead of Vinegar, belonging to the Ship's Company; but immediately appealed.

October 14th, 1697. An Order signed, which was so loon as the Decree of Restitution was brought up, for the Delivery of the said Hogsheads, and 6 Half-Hogsheads, of Wine, and 1 Half-Hogshead of Vinegar.

November 10th, 1697. The Judge of the Admiralty-Court directed, That lhe should be brought about to Loiulon; and the Goods Ibid. as perilliable.

November 18, 1697. An Order was sent down accordingly.

The Latter end of January 169L arrived at

Loiulon,

30 March 1698. The Goods put up for Sale; being 88 Hogsheads of High Country White-wine, til Hotheads of Bourdeua' White-wine, 20 Tierces, of Molafit*?,

28 Calks of Prunes, and 3 Puncheons of Brandy, being the whole Cargo which came out of her; and the Brandy, Alolafles, and Prunes, and 27 Hogsheads of the deau.v White-wine, were then sold at the Prices mentioned in the Account of Sales; but the High Country White-wine being put up then at 5/. p nobody would 4

bid for them, being very mean Wines, and 5 High Country Hogsheads making but of the Bordeaux Gauge.

S April 1698. The said Wines were again put up at

4/. per Tun; and afterwards at 31, per Tun; but nobody advanced any thing for them.

20 May 1698. The Wines were again put up for Sale, at 2 /. per Tun; and then sold to the highest Bidder, being Mr. Robert Rigdon, at 2/. 6 s. per Tun; and made out, when delivered, 84 Hogsheads full: The Remainder of the Bourdeaux Wine, being 34 Hogsheads, were fold, at 61. per Tun, to Mr. Richard

9 June 1698. The Ship was fold, at publick Sale, to Captain Young, for 140/.; which is also made good in the Account.

Note, The Loss in Quantity proceeds from their so long lying on board; whereby the Hoops wererotted, and some of them flying, occasioned great Leakage so that great Part of them came out but a Quarter, others One-third, full; and, in general, every one of them wanting considerably of being full; lb that it took up 26 'Funs, or thereabouts, to fill up the rest.

Note, The Loss between Filling up, and Delivery, is but One Tun; which is very Email Leakage, conli-dering the y had lain near Months in the Cellars, after their first Filling up; and the Waste in tailing, in order to Sale, &;c.

Note, further, From her first coming in, till lhe was delivered, there was always Waiters on hoard, us well for the Custom and Excise, as the Prize-Otfiee; and Locks kept on the Cellar-doors, by the Three Sets of Officers, till the Delivery to the Buyer; which was in the Presence of them all.

There was nlfo Directions always given, That the Captains or their Agents, might put a Waiter or Waiters on board, join One or Two Appraisers in the Apprais-ment, and put Locks on the Cellar-doors, until Delivery, if they were so plealed; or the Captains, or their Agents, might have been present at the Sale, there being publick Notice always given.

It may be further observed, That the 2/. 6$. per Tun, for which the High Country Wines were fold, being but Four-fifths of a Tun, is 2/. 15s. per Tun; and the Merchants are obliged to pay the Duties accordingly; which being -fth Part more, the Custom comes to near 351, per Tun; which makes together 37/. 155. per Tun; which, if considered, is a great Price for such Wines, as had lain so long in a perishing Condition, which rendered some of them eager, and the rest passed and decayed, for want of filling up.

Edxcard Ayfcoghe,

John Parkhurst,

John Pajchal.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, and Answer thereunto, be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Calthrope, Mr. Bridges, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Copley, Sir

IVm. Drake, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Conyers,

Sir Steph. Lenard, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Hoar, Sir//w*.

Sir Walt. Young, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Weston, Sir James

Houblon, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Sir John Mr.

Air. Mountsteoens, Mr. Foley, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Dalby, Mr. Barnardiston, Mr. Jolly, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Cook, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Phippard, Sir Robert Colton, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Yates, Mr. How,

Air. Duke, Mr. Ekins, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Harvey: And

they

IQ W. III.

2 84- — 31 Janiiarii.

Abuses in King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Chenevix's, &c. Nat.

Conference with Lords.

Newport

Election.

Leave of

Absence.

State of the Navy.

they are to meet this Afternoon at Fire a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of George Camock, late Captain of his Majesty's Ship the Bridget Intelligence, in behalf of himself, end Company^ and the Commissioners of Prizes Answer thereunto; be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of Antony MorrisAdministrator of Captain

Robert Thomas, deceased, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Agent Richard Roberts being a Prisoner in Execution, in the Prison of the King's-Bench, for 216/. at the Petitioner's Suit, Geo. Taylor Esquire, the Marshal hath suffered him to go at large; who hath several times met the Petitioner, and laughed at him, saying, He had his Liberty, as though he was no Prisoner: notwithstanding the Petitioner hath spent more Money in prosecuting the said Roberts, than his Debt amounts to; yet he can have no Benefit of the Law, though he has made Application to the said Marshal for the Confinement of his said Prisoner: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petitiob be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of John Goodall is referred; and who are to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet.

The Lord Marquis of Hartington, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for naturalizing Philip Chenecix, and others: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The Managers went to the Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, for One Year, from the 20th Day of January 1698.

And being returned;

Mr. Hexeningham reported, That they had given the

Lords the Reasons for disagreeing with their Lordships to some of the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with their Lordships.

A Petition of John Acton Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Grecnhill Esquire, flood Candidates to serve in this present Parliament, as a Burgess for the Borough of Newport, alias Medena, in the Isle of Wightand the Petitioner was duly elected by the Majority of legal Voters; but Mr. Grecnhill, being Commissioner of the King's Dock at Portsmouth, not only by corrupt Methods, but by notorious Practices, to the apparent Dif-service of his Majesty, and very prejudicial to his Fleet, hath procured himself to be returned a Member for the said Borough, to the Petitioner's Prejudice: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Merits of the said Election be heard at the Bar of the House;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Blisse have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Vol. XII.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matters to them referred; and had directed him to move, That the ymay have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.1

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tuesday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 31® die Jatiuarii; io® Gulielmi Tertii.

P eaters.

TJENRV Foubert took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Tanners, Leather-dressers, and Duty on Glovers, of the Town of Bemard-Castle, in the County of Leather. Durkam, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners living at a great Distance from London, and other trading Towns, their Returns are lo small, that they can scarce maintain their Families; and, since the Duty upon Leather, their Trades are very much decayed, and their Families reduced to the utmost Extremity: And praying the House to consider of other Ways to raise Money, than by a Tax upon Leather.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the several Parishes of Tone Taunton St. Mary Magdalen, and Taunton St. James, in Navigation, the County of Somerset, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That the Petitioners believe, the Design of making the River Tone navigable, from the Town of Bridgewater up to Taunton, is a real Charity to the Poor of both the said Parishes; and a general Benefit to the Petitioners, and Parts adjacent, by promoting of Trade, and improving of Lands: And praying the House to give all due Encouragement to the Undertakers of so common a Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill for making the River Tone navigable be read the Third time.

A Petition of John IAftrott, Gilbert Sweetland, and Claims for others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Prise*

Ship's Company, belonging to his Majesty's Ship Medway, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth.

That, within the Space of One Year, they took Ten French Privateers, amounting to 200 Guns; and that their Captain, William Cleveland, made great Embezzlements of Stores, the Petitioners not having had their Shares of their said Prizes: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Crow is referred: And that they do examine the Matter of the' said Petition; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Edward Bulhver Bullwer's Esquire to fell certain Lands in the County of Norfolk, Eftata. he settling other Lands, in the same County, of equal Value, to the same Uses, be read a Second Time upon Friday Morning.

Ordered, That the Thanks of the House be given to Mr. Black- Mr. Blackball, for the Sermon by him preached before hallthankad.

them, Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr.

Hare, Mr. Hammond, and Mr. Perry, do acquaint him therewith.

6C

' 31 '‘ Januarii.. . A. iSy&.

SupprefTing . Re faked, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, Vice and ‘pefolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Immorality. Consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Suppressing of Vice and Immorality.

Regulating . A.Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Printers, and Sir Robert Eegard:,

Printing. Mr. Speaker,

re e#* The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Regulating of Printers, and Printing-Presses: To which they defife the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sibourg's Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to Nat. naturalize Charles de Sibourg:And that Mr. Cook and

Major-General Earle do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Claims for A Petition of Robert Fairfax, late Captain of his Ma-Prizes. jesty's Ship Cornwall, in Behalf of himself, and Ships Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 27th of June 1697, he took, as Prize, a Sweeds Ship, called the Great Gustavus; and the greatest

Part of her Cargo was condemned, and fold, by the Commissioners of Prizes, as they pretend, by their Accounts, for 1,290/. 125. 3i</.; but there appearing to be wanting about Sixty Tons of the Ship's Cargo, by a former Account, given by the Accomptant of the Prize-Office, the Petitioner obtained another Account, as imperfect as the former; so that, by their Reckoning, the Petitioner and Company's Share came to but 178/. 155. though the Value of the Capture, at the least Computation, was worth 9,000 /. Customs included: And praying, That the said Commissioners may give a more particular Account of the said Capture, in order to the Petitioner's Relief.

Ordered, That it be referred to such of the Commissioners of Prizes as are Members of this House, to give an Answer, in Writing, thereunto.

Darwent A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and Grand Navigation. Jury, for the County of Stafford, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, held at Stafford, for the said County, the 10th Day of January 1698, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Design of making

the River Darwent.....will be of great Use to

the said County, in promoting Trade with the County of Derby; and will also be a great Means to employ the Poor in the Inland Countries, by such a Navigation: And praying the Affi(lance of the House in favour of the - said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said River Navigable be read a Second time.

Elediom — Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Qualifying regulating the Method of Qualifying of Voters in Cities, ot'®' Boroughs, and Cinque-Ports, for electing Members to serve in Parliament: And that Mr. How, Mr. Edward Harley, and Mr. Hooper, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Supply. Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning

next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Frilona.

Abuses in A Petition of John Praed was presented to the House, King'#Bench and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner obtained a and Fleet Decree in Chancery, and Sequestration, against William War, for above 6,400l. and obtained several Orders of Chancery for his Confinement in the Fleet Prison; but the Warden of the Fleet has taken Security for his Forthcoming, and compounded for his Non-confinement; so he enjoys his perfect Liberty; and the Petitioner can have no Benefit of his Proceeding* at Law, War having made

fraudulent Conveyances of his real Estate; and trading in other Mens Names; though he is reputed to be worth Three Times more than the Petitioner's said Debt; And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition ;of John Goodall is referred; and who are to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the -Bench and Fleet: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Sir Robert Legard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords desire a present Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the'Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members that managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Heveningham reported the Conference: And that

the Earl ot Rochester managed the fame, on the Part of the Lords; and acquainted them, That the Lords do not insist upon feme of their Amendments; but that they do infill upon others of them; viz.

The Lords do not insist on their Amendments in the 11th and 12th Line of the 4th Skin.

The Lords infill on their Amendments in the 5th, loth, 14th, and 23d, Lines of the 4th Skin; and ground their Reasons for so doing, chiefly on a Matter of Fast; which, if they are misinformed, they shall be ready to agree with the Commons; and the Matter of Fast is this; That there hath no Provision of Corn, Malt, or Meal, of late Years, been carried out of England, for any of the Plantations in America; feme final! Quantity of the finest Flour, for the principal Persons refid ing the re, hath been sometimes transported from thence, but not for the Use of the Inhabitants in general: And that all those Plantations have, for feme time time past, and now do, and will, furnish themselves, hereafter, with all these Commodities from New-England or; because

they are always to be had cheaper from those Paris than from hence: So that, if this Fast be true, the allowing Leave for Corn'to be carried from hence will not obviate the Inconveniencies mentioned in the Realons given by the Commons; viz.That it would be of dangerous Consequence to accuttom the Southern Islands in America to draw such Provisions from New-England, Pensilvania, or other Parts on the Continent; for those in the Plantations, unless they are llriftly prohibited to fetch them from New-England, which this Act does not intend, will, in all Probability, have them from those Places where they can be supplied the cheapest: So then, if this Matter of Fast be true, which their Lordships have taken the bed Means they can be informed of, they cannot but think, it may be of great Use, in such a Year, as it is apprehended this may prove, for great Scarcity of Corn, to leave as few Doors open as is possible for the Tran-fportation of any; and, especially not to allow of a Licence to carry any to the Plantations; which seems to them, if the flatter of Fast, here alleged, be true, to be a Means for the carrying it to other Places, on the Pretence that it is designed for the Plantations.

As to the other Amendment, in Queliion, in the 30th L. of the 5th Skin; the Lords agree, That the Proviso, lent up in the Bill from the House of Commons, is more proper to prevent Disputes betwixt the People and the Custom-house Officers, than the Clause prepared by their Lordships, if that were the only Thing to be taken Care of; But the Lords do not observe, that the

Provilb

Lord* defiro -a Conference*

Conference agreed to.

Conference desired with Lords.

Woollen

Manufk&ure.

Tone Navigation.

Committees.

linen Maim* fe&ure.

Ships Margaret and Friendship.

St Peir's Nat

Darwent

Navigation*

io W. III. 310 Januarii — 1" Februant. 467

Proviso in the Bill takes any Care to hinder the People, under Pretence of carrying Com to the Market in Boats, to carry it directly on Ship-board, fi5r Exportation; and they conceive their own Clause is much more proper to prevent any ill Practice of that Sort: Upon the whole Matter, the House of Lords being of Opinion, that the Bill, to which these Amendments relate, is very reasonable and necessary, their Lordships are desirous to make it as strong and effectual, for the Ends designed by it, as is possible; And, for these Reasons, the Lords think fit to infill on these Amendments.

The raid Amendments being severally read;

Resolved, That this House doth infill on their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendments.

Resolved, That a free Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Ordered, That Mr Lowndes, Mr. G Sir Dovers, Mr. Mountague, Sir Tho. Cook, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hysham, Mr. Clark, be added to the Managers.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Tredenham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker refilmed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow, after the Committee of the whole House upon the Bill for the more effectual Suppression of Vice and Immorality, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for making the River Tone navigable be read the Third Time upon Thursday Morning next, after Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

for making navigable the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, the Petitioners are sensible the same will prejudice^!) ore of his Majesty's Subjects than it will be an Advantage to; and more especially the Petitioners, who chiefly subsist by the Navigation of the River Idle, which runs through Bawtry, and falls into the Trent; conveying Commodities which come out of the Counties of Derby and Nottingham: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Ad- Naval Ac-miralty do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, count9> &c* the Answer of the Commissioners of the Navy, touching the Increase of Salaries.

Ordered, That they do also, Tomorrow Morning, lay before this House the Account they had from the Commissioners of the Navy, of the superior Orders touching Pafling of Accounts.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the Condition the Resolution was in, the 24th Day of November last to keep at Sea; and the Order, since made, for paying her off, and laying her up; and when the same was given.

Ordered, That they do also, Tomorrow Morning, lay before this House a Copy of the Warrant, of the 12th of September lait, for making an Allowance of 10 s. per diem,

to Mr. Priejlman.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House, Tomorrow Morning, an Account of the Names of the Commanders of the 1 ft, 2d,

3d. and 4th, Rate Ships, during th6 War; with the Dates of their First Commissions j and which of them are now employed.

Ordered, That Mr. Heveningham do go the Lords, Conference and desire a free Conference upon the Subject-matter of desired with the last Conference. Lords.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Defediv* whom the Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject, Tides, against all Pretences of Concealment whatsoever, was committed, be made upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petitions claims f« relating to Prizes are referred, have Power to fend for Prises. Persons, Papers, and Records.

Mercurii, 1° dFebrtiam; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Linen-weavers, and others employed in the Linen Manufactory, inhabiting in the several Towns and Villages in the North-weft Parts of the County of Dorset, and South-west Parts of the County of Wilts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to such of the Commissioners of the Customs as are Members of this House, to take Care therein.

Mr. Yates, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill for the Ships Margaret and to trade as

free Ships: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize James St. Peir; And that Mr. Carter do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Bawtry, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Bill brought into the House, Vot. XII.

Ordered, That Colonel Walpoole have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, for Recovery of his Health. Abfeuc*.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Hotham, Sir John Williams, claims for Mr. Worsley, Mr. Scobell, Mr Foley, Mr. Mr. Prises.

Atkinson, Mr. Jervois, Mr. Offly, Mr. Crocker, Mr.

Clark, Mr. Freke, Sir John Manwaring, Mr.

Sir Robert Aujlen, Mr. King, Mr. Lewkner, Mr. Carteret,

Mr Ogle, Mr. Blofeild, be added to the Committee, to whpm the Petition of Captain Jofias Crow is referred.

Ordered, That the Petition of the Officers of the Ex- Ease of chequer, relating to the Bill for the greater Ease of Sheriffs Sherifls. in the Execution of their Offices, and passing their Accounts, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Fish mongers, in and about the City Billingsgate of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting Fish Market, forth, That there is a Bill depending in this House, for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish; which complains of many Evils committed by the Petitioners, whereof they are not guilty; and, if the said Bill should pals, it will not redress, but increase the Abuses complained of, and very much prejudice the Petitioners: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered,

4J$8 i* Februarii.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table 'until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be. read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Conference Mr. Heceningham Teported, That the Lords do agree with Lords, to a free Conference, prefendy, in the painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Managers who managed the former Conference do manage the free Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Heceningham reported, That they had been at the free Conference; and had left the Bill to prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, for one Year, from the 20U1 Day of January 1698, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Mercdeth:

Mr. Speaker,

Ogilvy's, &c. The Lords have agreed to die Bill, for naturalizing Na^ BartholomeuOgilvy, and others, with some Amendments:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Allb,

DiiLanding The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act the Army, for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew'.

Ogilvy's.&c. The House proceeded to take into Consideration the *at. Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled.

An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew , and others:

And the same were read; and are as follow;

1 Skin, 11 L. after " G elder land," insert " and " Henry Timperley, an Infant about the Age of Ten " Years, Son of Henry by Sufarma his Wife,

" born in France:"

22 L. after " add " and Henry

" Timperley

33 L. after Monck" add " and Henry " Timperley:"

2d Skin, 20 L. after " Monck" add " and Henry " Timperley:"

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Preventing A Message from the Lords, by Sir Miles Cook and Mr. Export of Mercdeth:

Corn, &c. Mr. Speaker,

The lords do not inlist upon their Amendments, dif-agreed unto by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt, Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, for one Year, from the Tenth Day of February 1698.

Regulating An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Printers and for the better Regulating of Printers, and Printing-Prefies,

Printing. was according to Order, read the Ilrft time. —

Preflea. 0

Royal Assent A Message from his Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, to Bills. Gentleman-Usher of the Black-Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this House to attend his Majesty, immediately, in the House of Peers.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

; And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to Three Publick, and Four Private, Bills, following;

An Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty, for disbanding' the Army, and other necessary OccafioDS:

24

An Act to prevent the making or felling Buttons made of Cloth, Serge, Drugget, or other Stuffs:

An Act to prohibit the Exportation of any Corn, Malt;

Meal, Flour, Bread, Biscuit, or Starch, for One Year, from the Tenth Day of February 1698:

An Act for the more easy and certain Paymait of the Debts of Edward Earl of Dcrwentmter, by Sale of Woods and Timber; and for enabling him to raise Money, for Discharge of Incumbrances, upon Part of his Estate:

An Act for naturalizing Elizabeth Farewell.

An Act for naturalizing Nicholas Lepell.

An Act for naturalizing Bartholomew Ogilvy, and others.

And that, afterwards, his Majesty was pleased to make King'* a most gracious Speech to both Houses; of which he had Sp^eerdh re' . desired, and obtained, a Copy: which he read; and is as p followeth; viz.

My Lords and Gentlemen,

I came to pass the Bill for disbanding the Army, as loon as I understood it was ready for Me.

Though, in our present Circumstances, there appears great Hazard in breaking such a Number of the Troops; and though I might think myself unkindly used, that those Guards, who came over with Me to your Assistance, and have conllantly attended Me in all the Actions wherein I have been engaged, should be removed from Me; yet it is My fixed Opinion, That nothing can be so fatal to us, as that any Distrust or Jealously should arise between Me and My People; which, I must own, would have been very unexpected, after what I have undertaken, -ventured, and acted, for the Restoring and Securing of their Liberties.

I have thus plainly told you the only Reason which has induced Me to pass this Bill; and, now I think myself obliged, in Discharge of the Trust reposed in Me, and for My own Justification, That no ill Consequences may lie at My Door, to tell you as plainly My Judgment, That the Nation is left too much exposed.

It is therefore incumbent upon you, to take this Matter into your serious Consideration; and effectually provide such a Strength, as is necessary for the Safety of the Kingdom, and the Preservation of the Peace, which God hath given us.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That an humble Ad- Address o*

drels be presented to the King, to give his Majesty lhe K*ne'* Thanks for his most gracious Speech, this Day, to both p Houses of Parliament; with the Assurances of this House That they will stand by, and assist, his Majesty, in the support of him and his Government, against all his Enemies whatsoever:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer,

Sir John Manwaring, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Harley, Mr.

Smith, Sir Chr. Mufgroce, Mr. Bofcauen, Mr. Neale,

Colonel Granville, Sir Barth.Shower', Mr. Carteret, Mr.

Trelawney, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Blathwcdte,

Sir Jof. Tredenham, Lord Pawlet, Mr. Fit Ion Gerrard,

Sir Fra. Child, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Bridges, Lord Spencer, Mr. Vane, Sir Cha. Hotham, Sir Rich. Onslow,

Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. Hare, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. How, Mr.

Vernon, Mr. Clark, Mr. Shockerly, Sir Robert Eden: And they are to meet To morrow Morning at Nine of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers, to prepare the said Address; and report the same to the House.

Resolved, Nemine contrudu ode, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, take into Consideration his Majesty'9 most gracious Speech, made this Day, to both Houses of Parliament.

— Then Mr. Speaker opened the iTfrotlid Bill, from Regulating the Lords, intituled, An Act for tin; holier Regulating of 1'n,llor* ""'l Printers, and Printing-IVi lies. ,1n‘‘,tl"s'

A j iw 1 Jricljci.

Ann a Motion being maite, the Queiuon being put,

That the Bill he read a Sr.onu ti, ne;

It passed in the Negative.-

- ' ' 'It

Supprt fling Vice at d Immorality.

Woollen

Manufacture,

Committees

Duty ob lather.

Clams for

ioW. III. i0- — 2° Febmaril. 469

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- Mr. Cook, according to Order, presented to the House ^iboorg'*

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole a Hill for naturalizing Charles de And the same NaU

House, to consider further of the Bill for the more ef- was received and read the First time. ftCtuul Suppression of Vice and Immorality. Resolved, ] hat the Bill be lead a Second time.

Resolved, That this Iloule will upon Monday Morn- ing next, rel'olve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in Engla; and io restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Purls; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

Ordered, That # Cholmly, Mr. Haw, Mr. Ledping-

Mr. Harveut be added to the Committee, to whom the ha|n'8 ne'v'

Petition of Robert Ledg is referred.

invented Firs Engine.

A Bill for the Ships Margaret and to trade sji10P

as free Ships was, according to Order, read the First Margaret time. a*1 ^'y-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jervis, 2* die Februarii;

10* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters. /

AP ETITIO N of the Glovers, Skinners, and White" tawers of Leather, within the City of Gloucester} was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is lo very burdensome to the Petitioners, That several of them, for want of Money to pay the Duty, after they had made their Wares, and before they had fold them, have been constrained to desist from their Callings; and others, who yet go on with their Trades, find such Discouragcments that they cannot employ Journeymen, and the Poor, as they formerly did, who are in great Want; and, if the said Duty be continued, the most substantial of the Petitioners will . be forced to leave off their Trades, and follow some other Employment for a Livelihood: And praying, That the said Duty upon Leather may be taken off'.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Bailey, and others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the* Ship's Company, belonging to his Majesty's Ship Monck, was presented to the " House, and read; setting forth. That, during the Expedition of Newfoundland, in 1697, the said Ship, commanded by Captain Robert Stapleton, took several Prizes, tb the Value of 50,000l. whereof the Petitioners have not had their Shares, allotted by Act of Parliament: And praying, That Justice may be done them therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Craw is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill for making the River Tone navigable Tone Navi-was, according to Order, read the Third time. gation.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to exempt Sir fVm. Kept, Lord of the Manor of Mich ell Creech, and his Heirs, and their Tenants of the said Manor, from paying any Toll for any Commodities carried from Bridgwater to Ham-Mills, Part of the said Manor:

And the same was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for making the River Tone navigable, from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Reports from the Committee of AiTelbury Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the El«&ion. Borough of Ailcsbury, in the County of Bucks; and touching the Election for the Borough of in the County of Surrey; be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That' the Bill for making Billinsgate a free Billingfgat* Market for Sale of Fish be read a Second time upon Fish Market. Saturday Morning next.

Sir Robert Rich, from the Lords Commissioners of the Naval Ac-Admiralty, according to Order, presented to the House, count*, Btc. an Abstract of the superior Orders touching passing Accounts, as it was lent to the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, by the Commissioners of the Navyj with . Reasons for giving the said Orders: And

A Copy of the Navy-Board's Answer to, the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty, touching the Increase of Salaries; with the Reasons for the said Increase: And

An Account of the Names of the Commanders of the First, Second, Third, and Fourth Rate Ships, during the War; with the Dates of their First Commissions; and which of them are now employed.

And the Titles thereof were read.

And the said Abstract, Answer, and Account are as follow, viz.

Vol. XII.

49

1. — Am

1. — An ABSTRACT of what Orders have been given for the Passing of any ACCOUNTS for the NAVY, fmce the Beginning of the late War.

D

cq‘

r — h

N'

CD

Q.

CT

O

o

0§

FT

Date of Orders.

3 April - 89.

From whom.

Lords of the Admiralty -

18 May - -20 May - -

20 June - -

3 July -

3 July -

17 July -

18 July -

19 August - 90

24 August - -

6 September -

'6 August 6 August -28 September 3 October -b October -

18 November -

17 December -

91-

20 January

ditto

ditto

ditto

ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- - - ditto

- ditto

- - ditto.

20 January - -

ditto

ditto -

Whose Accounts.

Thomas Langley

- ditto -Cyp. Anderson, Esquire Mayor of Lynn

Tho. Bedford

Captain John Frankmore -Captain Hen. Robinton Mayor of Newcastle Mayor of Lynn -Robert Henley

Abraham Stock

Mat. Miller -Sir John Guile Richard Blackman -Sir John Banks Walter Middleton Esquire ' James Whitworth -John Woodcraft Tho. Rea Phil. Coleby -John Woolfy-Tho. Jones -'John Buntker, Esquire Tho. Moycp -Richard Hoely, Esquire John Gore -John Carpenter Wm. Rogers -Wm. Carter -Edw. Barradcll Tho. Townley ^Walter Boddington

(Thomas Clayton -Roger Ellis, and"!

John Cawdry /

Suras.

I-

*7

s. d.

5 8

90 —

35 —

14 6

1Q0 —

118 8

32 1 22 15 18 13

55 18 114 18

81 12

10,378 13

92

8

6

6

3f

8

For what Services.

Upon what Score the Orders were given.

4*

*0

185 15 —

[Providing Men and Boats at Dover, for carry-| ing 4 3 Companies of Foot, and Baggage, to Holland, ditto.

Pressing Seamen, ditto.

f Palling Two Commissions about granting-! \ Letters of Marque and Repvifals - - j

Pressing Seamen.

ditto.

- ditto, ditto, ditto.

JDisbursements, on a particular Service, their Lordships Order -Pressing Seamen, ditto.

Cloathing the Two Marine Regiments.

Paying'Quarters of Two Companies of Marines.

For the Two Marine Regiments.

t

by\

Impowering the Admiralty to grant Letters of Marque.

M54 7 — Bays and Penniftons

1,716 15 — Swords and Belts -

1,202 12 2 Stockings - -

640 Slops, &c. - - - )

184 8 6 Gold and Silver Lace -

172 5 — Worsted Lace - -

5<J7 3 — Paying Quarters of Marine

135 13 1 ditto, Gravesend -

636 7 1 ditto, Maidstone -

804 5 — Beds and Pillows, &c.

976 7 6 Baye and Penniftons

477 4 4 Cloths, and other Goods

193 19 2 Buttons, &c.

677 19 9i Making Cloaths -

193 19 6 ditto -

150 12 l^ ditto - -

33i 2 7 Making Cloaths - -I

208 8 Bays and Penniftons J

' J

J) For the Marine Regiments.

Regiments. J

Gaining Intelligence, &c.

By Order of Council.

Upon the Navy Board State of his Accounts.

[Upon the Navy-Board's representing the y had stated the Accounts of Cloaths supplied by [ thele Gentlemen.

Upon a Report from the Navy-Board, to be charged to the respefitive Officers, to be accounted for out of their Subsistence.

[Upon the Navy*Boards Report, That they had examined the Accounts of Cloaths sup-[ plied the Marines, by these Gentlemen.

Upon the Navy-Board's Report, as aforesaid.

r

3:

on

vo

00

g

cq|

t t

n'

CD

CL

cr

27 October - 92. - - - ditto - - - Captain Jacob Banks

\3 February - - - ditto - - 1 Henry Waddell »

21 February Lords of Treasury Collectors of the Customs -

21. February 10 March - if Lords of the Admiralty,"] and Signet, §c. dated-1_ 20 January 169 J- -J j) His Majesty's Signet and/} C Sign Manual - -J Earl of Pembroke - - -1 j Sir Rich. Onslow - - -‘J 1 Joint Admirals -

21 March - Lords of Admiralty; Earl of Shaftsbury -

21 January - 93. Lords of Admiralty Geo. Hawes -

26 January - - Captain Gee. Collins-

12 February - - - ditto - - - ! Executrix of Captain Jbhn Laton

21, February - - - - ditto - - - Arthur Owen, Esquire

6 June - 94. - - ditto - - - Samuel Jones -

9 June - - -l l, June. - - - - ditto - Sir John Guise - - -/Sir Edw. Phillips -(Lord- Irwin -

27 July - - - John Cheeke -

17 August - - Lords of Treasury — Collectors of the Customs

24 December - Lords of Admiralty. fCaptain Tho. Philips - -1 /Captain John Bembo - -J

4 February Lards of the Treasury - Administratrix of Sir Wm. Poole

23 May - - 95 Lords of Admiralty Executrix of Captain Ja. Ward -

5 June - - Lords of Treasury - Collectors of the Customs -

40 —

2,o6q —

282 9

7,3Si — 1,000 — 6?

24 7

1,914 10

30 — 379 !5_ 452 13

103 l

400 — 258 12

420 16

2,515 —

2,469 13

1,555 5 831 17 60 —

1,152 16

Pressing Seamen -

fPaying Quarters of Marine Soldiers at Canter--) jl bury - - -J

[Paid by them to the Vice-Admirals, &c. ot Counties, fc« pressing. Seamen, and charged as Imprefts on the said Vice-Admirals.

Eight Months Pay to the Officers of the Two") Marine Regiments - - - -J

Gratuity.

2

4

9

— J

8

Prefiing, Seamen -

Profling, Seamen.

Taking a Survey of the Sea-Coasta of England

Pressing Seamen -

Subsisting Marine Soldiers. fVictualling and bringing home, the Mordant's"! I- Men, from the West Indies -/

Pressing. Seamen -

- - ditto - -

fSundry Disbursements and Fees due, for exe-{ cuting. Warrants, Decrees, and Precepts,

[ issuing out of the High Court of Admiralty. Paid by them, to the Vice-Admirals, See of Counties, for pressing Seamen, and charged as Imprefts on the fan! Vice-Admirals.

Charges'on the Expedition against St. Maloes

f Fitting, manning, and victualling 2 Ships to [ Sea.

flTpdn a Report from the Navy-Board, and

I dilcourling the m.

To be charged to the Officers Accounts,

By an Order from the King, dated 20 January 1694.

[The Navy-Board represent, they had examined his Accounts; and were signed by himselfj and Two Justices of the Peace.

Upon the Navy-Board's Report.

r)on a Report from the Navy-Board, of the Usefulness of his Survey.

/Upon Affidavit of the Purler of the Ship he \ commanded.

Upon a Report from the Navy-Board, who examined, his Accounts.

The Navy-Board reported, they had examined and stated their Accounts.

Pressing Men ——

"Paid by them, to the Vice-Admirals, &c. of Counties, for pressing Men; and charged as Imprefts on the said Vice-Admirals.

Upon a Report from the Navy-Board, who stated and examined the Accounts of these Persons.

[The Navy-Board were directed to clear his 5 Imprest of 60/. if they bad no Objection to it.

4

-4

iO W. UL Febtfudrii.

g

(O'

N'

CD

CL

cr

Date of Orders. , From whom. Whose Accounts.

25 July - -95 Lords of the Admiralty - Sir Geo. Rooke -

14 August - - Captain Tho. Taylor

14 October - - Edward Whitaker -

25 February /ditto, per Signet, ‘ (Spc.) [_ dated 16 January 94. -J Edward Russel, Esquire -

3 March - - Lords of Admiralty Edward Whitaker -

8 May 96 - - - ditto - - - Sir Isaac Rebow -

5 August - - Lambert Blackwell, Esquire

j6 O&obef - - Joint Admirals -

23 December - - - - ditto - - - Edw. Whitaker.

10 April 97 - - - ditto - - - Joint Admirals

15 May - - - fditto, per his Majesty'sl Order, dated 23 Apr. ! I 1697 - -J Sir Geo. Rook -

25 May - - - Lords of the Treasury - Wm. Meefters, Esquire -

8 June - - - Owners of the Ship Lion -

26 June- - - Lords of Admiralty Phin. Bowles, Esquire

30 June 98. - - - ditto - - - \ /Captain Wager, Captain- Bibb,-] and Captain Hardy - -J

3 December 9 7. - - ditto - - - Edward Whitaker -

3 June - 97. Lords of Treasury - Earl of Torrington, &c.

2,2 April 98. - Lords of Admiralty Edward Whitaker

t-l C *7

Sums.

84 11

350 —

4,061 6

18,666 —

3,121 15 334 13 513 11

420 —

3,889 10

141 13

309 —

3,222 9

4,000 —

368 15

117 —

4,453 10 67,340 —

10,050 —

d.

6

1

4

3

Disbursements, by his Majesty's Order Fitting the Noniuch in New-England -

Law Charges, &c.

Contingencies of the Fleet

Law Charges, See.

Pressing Seamen -fSubfifting and cloathing Seamen in the La-' \ zaretto -

For what Services.

Rewards, and Travelling Charges

Law Charges, &c. - -

{Disbursements, Rewards, and Travelling

Charges ——

Intelligence, and other Secret Services.

Upon what Score the Orders were given.

Provided he produced Vouchers to the Navy-Board.

Upon a Representation from the Navy-Board. The Navy-Board stated the Accounts, the Judge of the Admiralty examined them, and Mr. Whitaker swore to the Truth.

(By his Majesty's Orders, of the 16 January I 95> fro the Year 1691, to 95. fTwas stated, examined, and lwora to, as is \ before mentioned.

Upon the Navy-Board's Report.

Vouchers were produced to the Comptroller of the Navy.

(Secretary's Salary, advanced to 5 Clerks, and Money paid to several Captains, for attending in Town, to regulate the Press.

fit was stated, examined, and sworn to, as \ before.

Being omitted in their former Account of Difr burfements.

5

2

5

f Charge of Machines for the Expedition-against \ Dunkirk.

For Service, as a Man of War, in defending the Leeward Islands.

r large of Store-houses, and other Contingent Services, at Lisbon, Anno 87 -

f Charges in performing some Services they were' \ appointed to by their Lordships

Law Charges, &c. -

fLand-Pay of Marine Regiments, from Fe-t bruary 1689, to February 1693.

Purchase of the Admiralty-Office

'He produced a Certificate from the Commissioners of past Accounts of the Navy, that he had acquitted himself with Diligence and Faithfolneis.

Making Discoveries on the French Coast.

(Examined, and sworn to, as to his other Ac-f counts of Disbursement9.

The Rent first paid was 532/. a Year; and it was thought most for the Service to purchase it; and the Navy-Board were directed to solicit the Lords of the Treasury s for Money.

Februarii. . 1698.

g

CQ

H-

N'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

eg

FT

o

X

C s. d. [Paid to the Vice-Admiral, SfC. of Counties,

6 July - Lords of the Treasury - Collectors of the Customs - 5,431 for pressing Seamen; and charged as Im-[ prefts on the said Vice Admirals.

13 July - - - Lords of Admiralty - - Henry Greenway - 50 fPrefiing Seamen, by Order of Sir John Guise, \ Vice-Admiral of Gloucestershire.

i5Auguft - - Edward Whitaker - - - 781 1 — fPurchafe of a House, and making the Admi-\ ralty-Office Garden.

31 August - -9 March - - - ditto - - - - ditto - - - Lieutenant Nich. Snow Lord Berkley - - 9 5,000 Travelling Charges, &c. Contingent Services of the Fleet - fHis Majesty's Signet, and Sign Manual, dated f 14 December.

2. — An ACCOUNT of what Salaries have been increased in the NAVY, between the 5 th November 1688, and the Firstof December 1698; and by what Orders; with the Reasons for granting the said Orders.

o>

W

Date of Orders. "

23 April- 90-14 May

29 December -

» ' i»

23 February

4 September 91

19 Ofitober- -

8 January Z 2d March -2

« 4 ditto

o

I N C R E A S E, &c.

£- s- «.

1 15 "I l 15 — I 112 — )

fTo increase the Clerk of the Cheque's Salary, at Harwich, -to 60 /. per) I. Annum - . - - - ▼ - - - - -J

fTo make an extra' Allowance of Twenty Shillings a Day to Admiral I Ruffe 11, as Admiral of the Blue -

{To make an extra Allowance of 30 s.per Diem to Admiral Killigrew, over] and above his Pay, as Vice-Admiral of the Red, from the time Admi-| ral Russel left him, till, the Date of his Commission- to be Admiral of-) the Blue; and 20 s.a Day extra-, from that time, until he was made one of the Admirals of the Fleet -> -

To increase the Pay of a Boatswain's Yeoman in a 5th Rate to 11. per Menfem; and the Yeoman to the Powder-room, in the several Rates, as undermentioned; viz.

In a 1 ft Rate, to < -

2 - - - -1

3 - - - -112 — per Menfem.

4- - - - - 1 10 -

5.....1 8 — ,

To Increase the Matter Ropemaker's Salary, at Portsmouth, to 601, per , Annum -

To make an Allowance of ioj. a Day to Captain Mattli. Aylmer, late Commander of his Majesty's Ships in the Mediterranean; over and above his Pay as Captain, from the Date of his Commiltton, till the time of his Discharge from the Monk -

To make an extra'Allowance of 20 s. a Day to Henry Killigrew, EtquireJ Admiral of the Blue -

Solicitor of the Admiralty and Navy's Salary increased to 1001, per Annum fTo pay Captain Tho. Jennings his Salary, as Matter Attendant at Chatham;!

as well as his Wages for Captain to the Rear-Admiral of the Blue, for j the time he afited in that Capacity the last Year -J

REASONS for the ORDER.

Upon the Navy-Board's Report of its Reasonablenels.

Customary Table-money.

This Allowance was made in pursuance of the King's Order.

By the" Queen's Order, as an Encouragement to those Officers.

Upon a Proposal from the Navy-Board.

This Allowance has been made to Commanders in Chief, of Squadrons abroad. 0

Customary Table-money.

In Consideration of his Increase of Business.

He assisted in fitting out all or most of the Ships, before he went to "P Sea; and no other Matter-Attendant was in his Absence; and the Flag-Officer desired to have him with him.

10 W. III. 20 Februarii.

g

eg'

i — h

n'

CD

CL

cr

o

Date of Orders. By whom.

11 March -91.- Lords of Admiralty -

14 ditto - -

3 October 92. - - - - ditto - -

20 ditto - - - - ditto - -

17 ditto -

15 July 93. - - - - ditto - -

20 ditto - -

14 December - - - - ditto - -

30 December - - - - ditto - -

17 January - - - ditto - -

23 January - - - ditto - -

16 March - -

19 March - -

t2 April -- 94 - - - ditto -

INCREASE, &c.

o increase the Salaries of the Master Shipwright's Assistants at Woolwich'] to 56/. ioj. and 10/. per Annum House-rent. -J

To increase the Clerk of the Survey's Salary at Sheernefe to 601, per Annum

/The Muster-masters of the Red and Blue's Salaries increased to [200 L peri] t Annum each; and each of them a Clerk, at 50/. per Annum - -J

ro pay Captain Bembow his Salary, as Master-Attendant at Deptford, fori the time he acted as Master of the Sovereign, and Captain of the Britan- } nia, over and above his Wages, as Mailer and Captain, as aforesaid -J

To cause the Surgeons Imprest to be made Free-gift - -

To increase the Post-masters Salary at Deal to 8 /. per Annum, for lending up the Downes Lifts.

To increase the Clerk of the Cheque's Salary at Woolwich to 100l. per Annum ——

To pay Vice-Admiral Hopfon, as Captain of a First Rate, for the time he commanded the Bredah, a 3d Rate - -

To allow 12 d.per Diem extra,' to such of the Seamen employed in fitting j out the great Ships at Portsmouth, as have Leave to be abl'ent, by Pro- clamation, to the tft of January next - - - -I

To make an Allowance of 20 s.a Day to Hen. Killigrew, Esquire, Sirl Ralph Delavall, and Sir Cloudefly Shovell, for their Table, while they j-were joint Admirals - -- - -..J

To continue in Day-wages, on Shore, the Seamen of the great Ships, who! were entertained in carrying on the Works at Chatham, until the Ships J-to which they belong shall fall down into deeper Water - - -J

{To make an Allowance of Ten Pounds a Year, House-rent, to the Officers! at Plymouth, until the Houses designedfor them are finished; and the \ same Paper-money as the like Officers at Plymouth -To increase the Wages of the Flag-Officers, Commanders, &c. asunder

mentioned; viz.

Admiral of the Fleet to Blue to Vice-Admirals, to -Rear-Admirals, to -

£. a. d. - 6 ----- -----1

- 2 ——

per Diem

111 Rate. 2d Rate. 3d Rate. 4th Rate. 5th Rate. 6th Rate.

£. d. £ s. d. £. s. <1 £. s. d. £. t. d. £ *. d.

Command® r* 1 10 — 4 — 1 — — 15 — — 12 — — 10 —

Lieutenants 6 — — 6 — — 5 — 0 5 — — 5 — MM C

Mailers - - *4 12 12 — 9 7 4 8 12 — 7 '5 — 6 12 — -

Surgeons 5

per Menfem.

To increase the Pay of the Flag-Officers Clerks 2 £ 5 s. per Menfem -

REASONS for the ORDER.

Twas proposed as reasonable by the Navy-Board.

fProposed by the Navy board to make him equal'with those Officers at 1 Deptford a ndr Portsmouth.

The Navy-Board have often represented the Usefulness of these Officers;

and the Salary was increased for their Encouragement.

He performed the Duty of fitting out the Fleet, as it is said before, of the Master-Attendant at Chatham; and the Flag-Officers desired him; and it would have been a Hardffiip to remove him from a certain Em-. ployment, to one that was not so.

'Twas granted upon the Report of the Navy-Board, for their Encouragement

The Navy-Board proposed this, in Consideration of his Addition of Bufinefe.

Upon Consideration of his removing from the St. Michael, into a 3d Rate, for an Expedition.

Upon a Representation from the Navy-Board, That the Men would not otherwise work.

Usual Table-money.

The Navy-Board proposed it in Consideration of the absolute Necessity of timely carrying on the Works at that Place.

The Navy-Board's Proposals, in ConGderation of their Care and Pains.

In pursuance of his Majesty's Order in Council, the better to encourage these Officers to a strict Performance of their Duty; and that they might have no Pretence to neglect the lame, by reason of the Scantineu of their Wages.

f Upon Consideration, that their L to private Captains.

Business was much more than the Clerks

% Februarii. A* *698.

4 *4 Ditto - -o

t*

h u August - -

D

eg'

n'

CD

Q.

o

o

eg

FT

26 September

12 October - -19 Ditto - -

26 December -15 February -

26 Ditto - -

3d June - 95 15 July -

The King

Lords of Admiralty - -

ditto

13 September -

- ditto -

0

0 10 October - -

1

Lords of Admiralty - -

- - - ditto -

- - - ditto -

- - - ditto -

- - - ditto r "

- - - ditto - -

- - - ditto -

- - ditto

ditto

- - ditto

400 /. per Annum to be allowed the Judge of the Admiralty-Court, over! and above his present Salary, as a Reward, for Attendance on the Privy- Council, Secretaries of State, Lords of the Admiralty, and Lois of Perquisites by Act of Parliament - -

To make an Allowance of 50 /. per Annum to Greenhill Esquire, for House-rent, for the Time he has acted as Agent and Commissioner at Plymouth, and to continue it until the House shall be built for i.im To increase the Salaries of their Lordships Secretary and Clerks, as followeth; viz. Jb-

Secretary to - - - - 800

Two chief Clerks, at 200

Six other Clerks, each - - - - 80

Messenger - - - - 50 \ per Anuum.

Two Servants to ditto, each - - 25 '

Porter - - - -3°

Watchmen ----- - 20

Woman to look to the House - - - 20

To increase the Master-Shipwright's Salary at Kingsale to 100l. per Annum Clerk of the Cheque, the like ——

To increase the 2d Master-Attendant's Salary at Portsmouth to 100 I. per Annum, and 10 /. per Annum House-rent r

To increase the Shipwright's 2d Assistant at Portsmouth to 501, per Annum,* and 10/. per Annum House-rfent ----- - -j

To make an extra' Allowance of 20 s. a Day to Admiral Russell, for his Table, over and above the Increase of double Pay -----")

To make the like Allowance to Lord Berkly and Sir Geo. Rook - -j To increase Mr. Peter Pett's Salary to 60 /. per Annum, for looking after the Papers of their Lordships Office -To allow Vice-Admiral Hopfon 20s. a Day, while he shall not be employed in his Majesty's Service at Sea, in Consideration of resigning his Post as Rear-Admiral of the Blue, upon the Marquis of Carmarthen's having that Flag, by his Majesty's Order ——

To make Sir Cloudily Shovell the usual Allowance of Table-money, over and above his double Pay - - - - :- - -

'To increase the Salary of Mr. John Clark, Mr. Michael Howen, and Mr." Kendrik Edilbury, to 200l. per Annum each -To make an Allowance of 10 j. a Day to Henry Priestman, Esquire, from' the Date of his Commission to be Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships employed against Sally, in 1684, to the Time 'the Bonadventure was paid off, over and above his Pay, as Commander of her -To make an Allowance of Pay to Captain Bembow, equal to a Rear-Ad-j miral, while he continued cruising with the Ships on the Coast of France j To increase the Muster-master's Salary at Yarmouth to 80/. per Annum -

By the King's Order.

Tis done to all the Commissioners of the Navy; and has been so during the late War, and before the Commencement thereof.

By virtue of her Majesty's Order, upon Confi4eration of taking away their usual Fees; but, since the Peace, there has been retrenched of this Sum 340 /. per Annum: So that the whole Charge of this Office, for the Secretary, and his Clerks, &c. is but 1,195 /. per Annum.

Proposed by the Navy-Board, to make him equal with Plymouth, ditto

Proposed by the Navy-Board, to make him equal with Chatham, ditto

o

Usual Table-Money.

Usual Table-money.

In Consideration of his looking after the Books and Papers of the Office.

By his Majesty's Order in Council, of the 21th of this Month.

Usual Table-money.

Proposed by the Navy-Board, in Consideration of certain Perquisites which were not thought fit to be continued.

In Consideration of his great Care and Pains in the putting in Execution the Orders he received from the then Commissioners of the Admiralty, not only in commanding the said Squadron, but in taking care for the cleaning, and refitting the Ships, and other Services committed to his Care.

This was but for 48 Days.

For his Diligence in performing his Duty.

NJ

Bate of Orders.

D

cq"

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

o

(S

i 8 October - 95

19 ditto

3 January

,.22 January - -

S ifay - - - 96-

C

cr

By whom.

Lords of Admiralty

ditto

- - - - ditto 1 - - -.

Lords of Admiralty - - - ditto -

INCREASE, &c.

[To pay Captain Whetstone 11 /. for his Charges in going down to Briftoll,

| to take the Command of the Gloucester; and to allow him Pay, as Cap-, tain of a 4th Rate, for the Time he commanded her - - - _ -J

[To increase Dr. Littleton's Salary to 200 /. per Annum, betides hisstanding Salary of 20 Marks -

To increase the Salaries of the Officers of the Yards, as undermentioned;

VIE.

To the Matter- A tttendants - -

Shipwrights -Storekeepers -Clerks of the Cheque

Survey -Maftef-Shipwright's Assistants 1 Caulkers - - - /

Boatswainsof the Yards -Clerk of the Rope-Yards -Master Ropemaker -Porters -

To the Mafe-maker -Boat-builders - Sail-makers Joiners -House-Carpenters Bricklayers, or Masons Foremen of the Shipwrights Quartermen Foremen Riggers Labourers Scavelmen -

Deptford, Chatham, Portl'mouth.

c

200 Per Auniun cacb

100

80

100

100

30

ditto.

ditto.

s.-d. 3

Woolwjch, Sheerness, Plymouth.

150 J>er Annum each.

80 ditto,

70

100

100

25J

►per Annum each.

- — 3 — N

3

3

2

2

2

3

2

2

1

1

6

6

6

6

0

6

6J

) per Diem, in each Yard.

Purveyor at Chatham, Portsmouth, and Plymouth, 50/. per Annum, beside3 Travelling Charges. £.

Surgeon at each Yard ...» 40]

Ditto Extra', at Chatham - - - - 30 >per Annum,

Ditto Ordinary - - - 20J,

To make an Allowance of 20 s. a Day, Table-money, to Admiral Ruffed, Lord Berkley, and Sir Cloudily Shovell, over and above the Establishment for Double Pay. J

To make ah Allowance of 44/. 5*. to Admiral RuiTell, for so much dif- bursed by him, in a Journey to Deal, to command the Fleet - -J

REASONS for the ORDER.

The Ship he commanded, viz. the'Gloucester, is a 4th Rate.

I i f

[He complained of Lodes ftiftaiqedby his Employ of the Kipg'p Advocate-General, in his private Practice; but, since the Peace, 'tis reduced to 1 the former Allowance; viz; '2^ Marks per Ann'uih. '

Directed by his Majesty in Council, the 19th of December last: It first arose from a Petition of the respective Officers, letting forth their In- creale of Bufinfcfs, and the Smallness of their Salaries; as also, that the Perquisites formerly enjoyed by them, were taken away in the Year 1674, but promised to be restored; and the Navy-Board taking this into Consideration, by our Order, reported, That it being of Importance to the Nation, to encourage Men lb intrusted, they were of Opinion, it would be a Service to the Crown, to increase the Salary of thefuperior, and the Day-wages of the inferior, Officers of the Yards, according to a Table annexed to their Letter; which, they say, they did proportion according to the l'espective Trusts of the said Officers; and proposed the taking off all other Perquisites, as Exchequer-Fees, Nights, and Tides, extra' Allowances for Surveys,&c.

When he went to Deal, and commanded the Fleet off of Dunkirk.

Februarii. A. 1608;

g

<Qm

n

CD

CL

cr

o

o

eg

fT

to

© 13 July - - - ' Lords of Admiralty

h

14 August - - - " - ditto

l-H

3 September - - - ditto -

ditto - - - " - ditto -

15 ditto - - - ditto -

6 October - - - ditto -

19 November - - - - ditto -

24 December - - " - ditto -

13 January - - ditto

28 February - - - - ditto -

13 March -

18 August - 97 _ V. - ditto -

- 3d September - - - - ditto -

4 December - - - - ditto -

5 ditto - -

6 ditto -

0\ 12 January-98 - - - ditto -

2 March - - - - ditto -

19 Ditto - - - ditto -

5 May- - 98 - - - ditto -

14 July - -

19 October - ditto -

To make an Allowance of 20 a Day, Table-money, to Sir Geo. Rook, in the like manner as above.

To make the like to Admiral Russell.

(To increase the Salary of the Master of their Lordships Barge to 6 /. per

\ Annum - -- -....

To make an Allowance of 6d. per Menfem to the present Wages of such!

Seamen as shall register themselves - - - -J

To make an Allowance to Captain Bembow, equal to a Rear-Admiral, for the 58 Days he was employed with the Bomb-Vessels.

To make an Allowance of 50/. per Annum to Captain Bvng and Mr.!

Baker, Commissioners of the Register, for House-rent -J

To make the usual Allowance of 20$. a Day, Table-money, to Sir Cloudily Shovell.

To increase the Salary of the Three Clerks belonging to the Commissioners!

of the Navy, who are employed in the Register-Olhce, to 40/. per Annum J To make an Allowance of ios. a Day to Henry Killigrew, Esquire, duringl the Time he commanded the Squadron against Sally, in 1688, over and J above his Pay as Captain of the Dragon -J

To make the usual Allowance of 20 s. a Day, Table-money, to the Lord Berkly. To make the like to Sir Cloudily Shovell.

To increase the Postumfter's Salary at Deal to 12/. per Annum

To increase the Chief Clerk of the Admiralty's Salary to 250 /. per Annum

To make an Increase of 5 /. per Annum to the Clerk of the Cheque!

atKinfale, for Paper-money - - - - -J

To make an Allowance of 50 /. per Annum, for House-rent, to the Assistant^ to the Clerk of the Acts, from the Date of his Warrant; and to be continued] To make the usual Allowance to Sir Geo. Rook of Table-money.

To make the like to Sir Cloudily Shovell.

To make an Allowance of jo s. a Day to Captain Munden, over and above! his Pay, for the Time he was Commander in Chief of the Ships in the j* River of Thames and Medway ----- - -J

To make an Allowance of 10 s. a Day to Captain Norris extraordinary,] I while he was Commander in Chief of the Newfoundland Squadron To make the usual Allowance of Table-money to the Lord Berkley. fTo make an Allowance of 10$. a Day to Captain Beaumont extraordinary,!

for the Time he commanded the Squadron before Dunkirk; and to pay > [ him as Captain of a 2d Rate for the same Time - - -J

fTo make an Allowance of 223/. 105. 0 d. to Sir Geo. Rook, for so much! v disbursed by him in Travelling, between the Years 1691, and 1697 -J To make the like Allowance to Sir Cloudily Shovell, for 310/. 135. 4 d. To make an Allowance of Thirty Pounds per Annum for a Clerk, and Ten' Pounds per Annum Paper-money to the Clerk of the Cheque at Kinfale, on account of his officiating the Place of Storekeeper, as well as Clerk of the Cheque -

1

To make it equal to the Master of the Treasurer's Barge.

By Act of Parliament, for their Encouragement.

This has been constantly done to all Commissioners of the Navy, during the War.

Upon Account of their being also employed in the Business of the Register.

In Consideration of his Care and Services, in taking Charge of, and commanding, the said Squadron.

For his Care in fending daily Accounts of Ships in the Downs.

f Formerly 2 Clerks; and, he being Angle, it was allowed for his extraordinary Pains.

Proposed by the Navy-Board.

The Navy-Board proposed it; but that and the Employ is retrenched.

In Consideration of his holding Courts-Martial, keeping constant Correspondence with the Admiralty, and putting many Orders in Execution.

The Allowance is made to all Commanders of Squadrons abroad.

His Pay was made up to that of 2d Rate; because he removed from such a Ship to a left, for this Expedition.

Upon Sir George Rooke's delivering an Account, ditto.

Proposed by the Navy-Board.

10W. III. 2° Februarii. 477

478 £* Februarit.169 8.

N° 3. — The said ACCOUNT of the Names of the Commanders of the f, 2, 3, and 4th Rate Ships, during the War; with the Dates of their First Commissions; and which of them are now employed.

Names of the Commanders. Dates of thelf ill Commissions. Now employed. Names of the Commanders. Dates of their # ill Commissions. g-o V 0 -2, $25 a.

Aylmer, Matt - 5 May- - 79. x/ Grantham, Caleb 13 January - 91.

Arthur, Robert - - - 30 August - 88. Greenhill, David - - 5 Match - 88.

Affcon, Edward - m - 8 October - 94. Griffith, Richard - - 27 April - - 92.

Bembow, John - _ 13 April - 91. x/ Hopfbn, Thomas - 22 March - 77.

Billop, Christopher - - 7 May - - 73. Hicks, Jasper - - - 30 March - 89.

Beverly, John - - 9 September 88. Hamilton, Arch. Lord - September 93.

Byng, George - - - 15 April - 87. Hoskins, Ben. - - - 15 September 89.

Bridges, Wm. - - 9 May - - 90. Hughes, Gabriel - . - 5 August - 90.

Bumpfted, John - - 14 December 89. Hubbard, John - - 18 June - - 90.

Beawes, Wm. - - - 13 March - 93. Haughton, Henry - - 13 June - - 89. x/

Bockenham, Wm. - - 29 May - - 89. Harlow, Tho. - - - 19 March - 89.

Beaumont Basil - - 21 May - - 89. v/ Hardy, Thomas _ - 6 January - 92. v'

Butler, Thomas - - - 3 October - 93. x/ Hancock, Robert - - 7 February 90. x/

Banks, Jacob - - 15 January - 90. Hartnoll, John - - 3 December 92.

Barker, Jehediah - - 22 April - 91. v/

Baker, John - - 12 October - 91. v/ Jennings, John - - 16 November 89.

Bibb, Edward - - - 19 January - 92. v/ Johnson, John - - - 27 May - - 90.

Jennings, Thom. - - 29 May - - 89. x/

Carmarthen, Marquis - - 2 January - 90. Jumper, William - - 17 February 91. >/

Clements, John - - - 1 May - - 67.

Cornwall, Charles - 16 September 92. Killigrew, Henry - - 9 January - 71.

Churchill, Geo. - - - 14 May - - 78. Kirkby, Richard - - 7 February 89.

Chant, Edward - - - 27 March - qi. Kerr, William - - - 14 May - - 90.

Cornwall, Wolfr. - - 23 August - 88. Knapp, John - - - 17 February 91. v/

Crow, Jofias - - 3 July - - 91. Kirktowne, Robert - - 23 November 93.

Clark, Richard - - - 5 January - 90. x/

Cleaviand, Wm. - - 2 May - - 92. Lambert, David - - 20 May - -61.

Caldwell, Wm. - - - 22 January - 92. Legg, Thomas - - - 11 April - 90.

Coststable, John - - 14 November 92. Ley, Thomas - - - 24 October - 88.

Crosse, William - - 19 January - 90. v/ Leake, John - - 24 September 88.

Crawley, Thomas - - 7 February 89. v/ Lestock, Richard - - 6 January - 90.

Carter, William - - - 5 December 92. x/ Leake, Andrew - - 19 January - go. v/

Cutter, Vincent - - - 20 January - 93I I>eader, John - - - 24 August - 90. x/

Coal, Thomas - - - 10 April- - 89. v Lloyd, David - - 15 September 95. x/

Loads, Edmund - - 12 July - - 93.

Delavall, Sir Ralph - - 6 January - 72. Lyell, Thomas - - - 19 August - 92.

Dorreli, Robert - - - 20 February 89. Littleton, James - - 27 February 92. v/

Dickenson, Richard 13 June - - 67.

Dean, Robert - 1 April - 90. V Mitchell, David - - 5 February 83.

Davison, James - - - 7 July - - 92. x/ Mafbn, Christopher - - 10 June - - 72.

Delavall, Geo. - - - 28 October - 95. x/ Moody, James - - 14 April - 90.

Doily, Ed ward - - - 6 February 94. Monck, Thomas - - 15 May - - 90.

Dawes, Philip - - 13 September 95. Main, John - - 4 February 89.

Douglas, John - - 21 December 94. Munden, John - - *3 July - - 88.

Dilkes, Thomas - - - 8 April - 89. Mings, Christopher - 3 September 88.

Dove, Francis - - - 7 January - 92. Martin, Henry - - 16 June - 89. x/

Dowglaffe, Andr. - 31 August - 91. Mighells, James - - 24 August - 94.

Moor, Jof. - - 8 January - 96.

Every, John - - 4 June - - 89. Moses, John - - 5 March - 93.

Elliot, Edmund - - - 28 April - 88.

Elwes, Gerrard - - - 30 November 91. v/ Norris, John - - 8 July - - 90. v/

Edwards, Richard - - 10 March - 89.

Emmes, Fleetwood - - 13 January - 91. V */ Priestman, Hen. - - 23 August - 73.

Elliot, Stephen - - - 14 June - - 94- V Potter, Abraham - 9 September 88.

Prower, William - - 21 May - - 91.

Fitz-Patrick, Richard - - January - 89.: Pickard, Peter - - - 3 April - 80. x/

Fairborn, Stafford m - 30 August - 88. Price, John - - 30 July - - 89. x/

Foulks, Simon - a* 22 December 88. Fedder, Andrew -> 3 July - - 92. x/

Fletcher, John - m - 1 February 91. v/ Poulton, Thomas "1 7 February 93. x/

Fairfax, Robert - - - 15 November 90.

Fdgg, Christopher - - 8 September'92. Rodk, Sir George - 13 September 73.

Fowles, Tho. - - 12 April - 90. v Raines, Thomas - - 10 May - 1- 89.

Reynolds, Robert - - 10 April - 89.

Gifford, William - - 26 February 83. j Ridley, Hugh - - - 12 June - - 67.

Gfanvill, John - 12 March - 88. ;: ftobinfon, Robert - - 26 September 88.

Gfaydon, John - 7 September 88. \ ftobinfon, Henry - J. 17 June - - 89.

Gbod, Edward - 6 June- -"89.; V Rigby, Edward - - 13 January - 92.

Gardner, Thom. - - 13-March - 89. Robinson, Tho. - - 5 February 89.

Greenway, James - - 19 January - 90. Richards, Charles - - 4 December 94.

Roffey,

Naval

Accounts.

10W III. a —

Name* of tic Commanders. Dates of their lit Commission. Ef . 11

Roffey, Kerrill - 23 January - 93.

Reeves, Daniel - " 15 June - - 95. v'

Shovell, Sir Cloudily - 17 September 77. t/

St. Lo, George - - 17 April- - 82.

Saunderson, Ral. - 17 November 67.

Sincock, Robert 27 June - - 89.

Simonds, John - - 7 May - - 95. v/

Steward, James - - 31 May - - 91.

Stevens, Robert - 19 August - 94.

Sherman, Tho. - - 13 January - 90. >/

Simons, George - 9 April - - 94,

Stepney, Tho. - - 10 January - 92.

Saunders, Hump. - 25 July - - 90-

Stapleton, Robert - 3 January - 92.

Spann, Jonathan - 13 August - 97. v/

Torpley, John - - 27 January - 90.

Townsend, Ila. - - 11 April - - 90. v/

Tollat, Anthony - 5 July - - 94. v/

Thompson, Robert - 19 July - - 93. v/

Yenner, John - 17 June - - 89.

Votier, John - 16 June - - 67.

Vial, John - 22 March - 92. v/

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Abstract:, Answer, and Account, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Februarii. 479

Names of the Commanders. Dates of their 1 ft Commission*. £ O O O4

Vincent, Sam. - - - 1 June - - 92. v/

Wright, Laur. - 8 February- 72.

Wileman, Robert 22 September 88.

Walters, Ben. - - - 14 May - - 88.

Wickham, Hen. 12 March - 89.

Wright, William 28 November 88.

Worrell, John - 23 December 95.

Whitaker, Edward - 15 May - - 90.

Wivell, Francis 22 September 88. v/

Walker, Hovenden - 17 February- 91.

Wattou, Peter 31 August - 91.

Wiffiart, James July - - 89.

Wyat, Richard 6 March - 92.

Whitaker, Samuel - 15 June- - 95. v'

Whetstone, Win. 30 July - - 89. v/

Wager, Charles 24 June - - 92. v/

White, Richard 28 April- - 96.

Ward, John - - - 1 June - - 92.

Wakelyn, Win. 11 June - - 92.

Wade, Cooper 3 January - 95.

Warren, Tho. - - - 28 May - - 89. */

Wild, Barron - 25 February 83.

Wynn, Robert - 17 February- 91.

Walters, Jof. - 29 May - - 89.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Order and Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Sir Cloudesly Shovell, from the Commissioners of the

Navy, presented to the House a Copy of the Order of the 12th of September 1695, for making an Allowance of 10s. per diem to Mr. Priejlman:

And the Navy Board's Account of his Majesty's Ship the Resolution.

And the Titles of them were read.

And the said Order and Account are as follow; viz.

(4.) — The Order,

Admiralty-Office, 12th September 1695-Gentlemen,

Whereas a Commission was granted the 26th of April 1684, by the then Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord High Admiral of England, appointing Henry Preijlman Esquire Commander in Chief of his Majesty's Ships and Vessels employed against Sally; we do hereby desire and direct you to sign Bills on the Treasurer of the Navy, for the paying to him an Allowance of ios. per diem, from the Date of the aforesaid Commission, to the Time that Jthe Bonadventure came home, and was p id off; of which Ship he was then Captain; besides his Pay as Commander of the said Ship. We are

Your aftedtionate Friends,

Rob.

Ri. Haddock, Claw. Shaoell, R. Rich,

John Hill. John Houblon.

(5.) — The said Account.

Navy-Office, 12 February 1698.

The humble Reply of the principal Officers and Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, to the Order of the Honourable House of Commons, of Yesterday's Date, concerning his Majesty's Ship the Resolution.

That the said Ship was at Sea the 24th of November past; it appearing, by our Books, That ffie failed from the Buoy of the Nort the 7th of that Month: That (he returned to the Downes the 3d of December, and failed to Spit head the 31st; where ffie remains, in a Condition for the Sea, as we believe, having heard nothing to the contrary, nor received any Order for laying her up, and paying her off.

Ri. Haddock, Claw. Shovell, Cha. Sergifon, John Hill.

Vol.XII.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Au/len have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for Fourteen Days, upon extraordinary Absenc*. Occasions.

A Petition of the Mayors, Sheriffs, Citizens, and Ayre and Commonalty, of the City of Lincoln, was presented to CalderWavi-the House, and read; setting forth, That several Pro- 8ation. polals having been made for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable; and the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose; the Petitioners pray.

That the House will give all due Encouragement to the Undertakers of so good a Work; which will be to the great Advantage of the Woollen Manufacture in the North of England, and the Petitioners also, who have great Dealings in those Parts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- state of the lblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Navy, consider further of the State of the Navy,

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again,

Refolded, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 3* die Februarii;

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prat Efts.

JpR ANCTS St. George took the Oaths appointed, in

order to his Naturalization.

A Petition

Darwent

Navigation.

Claims for Prizes.

Darwent

Navigation.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

480

30 Februarii.

A. 1698.

A Petition of several Gentlemen, Freeholders, and others, in the County of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby navigable, will be of great Damage to the Petitioners, if it should pals into an Act: And praying to be heard against the fame, as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table untill the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Henry Lawrencelate Commander of his Majesty's Brigantine Diligence, in behalf of himself and Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 27th Day of June 1697, the Petitioner took as Prize, a Ship, called the Crown Mary, of Lubeck; her whole Cargo being afterwards condemned, which was worth above 9,000l. and sold at Londont by the Commissioners of Prizes, at very low Rates; several of which Commodities are not mentioned in their Account given to the Petitioner: And praying, That the said Commissioners may give a more particular Account of the Ship and Cargo.

Ordered, That it be referred to such of the Commissioners of Prizes, as are Members of this House, to give an Answer, in Writing, to the said Petition.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Burgesses, of the Borough of Leicester, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners conceive the making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will be very injurious to the Trade and Market of Leicester, in many Particulars: And praying to be heard touching the fame.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said River navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of his Majesty's Justices of Peace, and Grand Jury at the General Quarter Sessions of the Peace held at Doncaster, in and for the West Riding of the County of York, the 17th Day of January 1698, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and JVakJie are the principal Market for the Northern Cloth; and are situate on the Rivers Ayre and Calder, which are capable of being made navigable; whereby the Highways will be very much preservd, and Trade much improved in all the trading Towns in the North: And praying the House to give all due Encouragement to such as shall undertake the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said River navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Burgesses, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Boroughbridge, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That this House hath given Leave to bring in a Bill for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York, navigable j which will not only render the Trade of the Woollen Manufacture in the North, ealy by Water-carriage, but it will also be very advantageous to the Kingdom in general: And praying, the House to grant such Encouragement to the said Navigation, as shall be reasonable, for the carrying on ib good and necessary a Work.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of his Majesty's Justices of the Peace, and Grand Jury, at the General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace held at JVakefcild, in and for the West-Riding of the County of York, the 12th Day of January 1098, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and IVakefeild are the principal Markets for the Northern Cloth; and are situate on the Rivers

Ayre and Calder; which have been viewed, and are found capable of being made navigable; the effecting whereof will be of great Advantage to the Petitioners, and all the trading Towns in the North, by rendering the Carriage of their Goods by Water cheap; the Roads being exceeding bad, and sometimes unpafiable; which occasions a great Expence, the said Towns being 15 Miles from anyWater-carriage: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said Rivers navigable, may pais into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Borough-reeve, Constables, Gentle- Ayre and men, Merchants, and other Traders, in and about Man- Ca'der N*V1* chester, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the on' House, and read; setting forth, That divers Undertakers have proposed to make the Rivers and Calder navigable; whereby the Trade and Commerce in Wool, and the Woollen Manufacture, in the North of England, will receive a great Advantage, by rendering the Carriage thereof by Water easy: And the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for that Purpose, the Petitioners therefore pray the House to give the Undertakers such Encouragement as shall be reasonable, for carrying on so beneficial a Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, trading in the Ditto. Woollen Manufacture, within the Town of Ratchdale, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable will be a great Advantage to all the trading Towns in the North, and especially the Woollen Manufacture, by rendering the Carriage by Water much cheaper than the Land-carriage, and by preserving the Roads, which are sometimes impafiable, the Petitioners being 40 Miles from any Water-carriage: And praying,

That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said Rivers navigable, may pass into a Law, it being for a general Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Ditto. Inhabitants of the ancient Town and Parish of in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, the House having given Leave to bring in a Bill for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York navigable, the Petitioners are sensible the same will be a great Benefit to them, and all the Cloathing Towns in the North of England, by rendering the Carriage of their Goods by Water much cheaper than by Land; and by preserving the Roads: And praying, That the said Bill may pals into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, that Executing Judgments and Decrees, hereafter to be obtained in his ^ud8menU 1,1 Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in England, may menca-be executed in the English Plantations and Colonies in America: And that Mr. Offley and Mr. Carteret do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for Prefemtion the better Preservation of the Game is committed, have Gam*. Power to inspeCfc all the Laws relating to the Preservation of the Game; and, if they think fit, to repeal the fame, or any of them; and make One Law for preserving the Game; and adapt the Bill accordingly: And all that come to the Committee to have Voices,

A Petition of John Moor Esquire was presented to the Moor'. House, and read; setting forth, That he being indebted

to

ftaffiao

Trade.

Liverpool

Vaxiih.

Claims for VriM*»

fcegiftering

Deeds.

Leave, of Absence.

Address on

the Ktng*

Speech*

IO W. III. 3* — 4° Februarii. 481

to several Persons, by Mortgages, Judgments, $c. to the Sum of 6,000 /.; and being unable to discharge his Debts, utiless by Sale of some Part of his Estate', the Whole being settled on his now Wife, who has no Children: 'And, (he, and her Trustees, and the Petitioner's Brother, and Heir preemptive, agreeing to such Sale; there being still an Estate of 500l. per Annum to remain to the Petitioner and his Family; which such Sale will help to preserve entire from all Incumbrances; the Petitioner prays. That Leave may he given to bring in a Bill to vest the Manors of Halu'illaud Becket in Trustees, to be sold for Payment of his Debts, for preserving the rest of his Estate entire, and free from Incumiirances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Giryn, Mr. Hooper, and Mr. Hob/yn, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to inlarge the Trade to Russia was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to inlarge the Trade to

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Major Holm, Sir Jacob , Mr.

Thursby, Mr. Cor, and Mr. Freeman, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for enabling the Town of Liverpook to build a Church, and endow the lame, by their own Contributions; and for making the said Town, and- Liberties thereof, a distinct Parish from Walton', is committed.

Ordered,*That Sir John , and Mr. Blofeild,

be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Craw is referred.

Mr. tVhart on, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better Security of Pufchafers, by a voluntary Register' of Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances: And the same was received; and read the *First time.

Resolved \That the Bill be tread a Second time, upon (his Day Sevennight in a full House.

Ordered, That Colonel Str have Leave to go into the Country for a Month, his Lady befog very ill.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Philips have Leave to go-into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Sk John Marmoring, reported from the Committee, to

- whom it was referred to draw up an Address to be presented to his Majesty, to give him Thanks for his most gracious Speeqh to both Houses, the First Instant, That they had drawn up an Address accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: 'Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

of your sacred Perfott, and Government, against all our Enemies whatsoever.

The said Address being read a Second time;

Several Amendments were proposed to 'be made therein; which upon the Question severally put thereupon* were agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, To -amended t Which is as followeth; viz.

Most gracious Sovereign*

WE your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons in Parliament assembled, being highly sensible of the Difficulties your Majesty has undertaken, the Labours you have fuftafoed, and the Hazards yon have run, in refeuing us from Popery, and arbitrary Power, restoring our Liberties^ and ‘giving Peace and Quiet to all Christendom, beg Leave to return our most hearty Thanks for your most gracious Speech; in which you express so -great a Regard for the Good-will 'and Afteftions of your People, and have given so o» deniable 'a Proof of yoifr Readinefe to comply with the Desires of your Parliament: And as your Majesty has (hewnatnoft tender and fatheriy Concern for the Security and Safety of your People, so give us Leave to aifure your Majesty, that you shall never have Reason to think the Commons are undutifut, or unkind, to your Majesty; but that we will upon all Occasions, stand by, mid assist, your Majesty, in the Pi*e-. servation of your sacred Person, and Support of your Government, against all your Enemies whatsoever*

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of hfis Majesty's most Honourable PrivyrCciuncil, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure/wheu he will be attended by this House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole Jloufe, to cori-fider further of the Supply 'to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. . (

Mr. Cowpertook the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair, ‘

Mr. Couper reported from the said Committee, That they had made fotne Progress in ‘the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Mom-fog next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And tftei'i the House adjourned' till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 4° die Februarii;

Supply

WE, your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, being highly sensible of the Difficulties your Majesty has undertaken, the Labours you have fuftafoed, and the Hazards, you have run, in refeuing us from Popery and Slavery, restoring our Liberties, and giving Peace and Quiet to all Christendom, beg Leave to return oUr most hearty. Thanks for Your most gracious. Speech; in which you exprefe so great a Regard for the Good-will and Afieftions of your 'People, and have given so undeniable a Proof of yoiir Readiness to comply with the.Desires of your Parliament: And as your Majesty haft foewtf > roOft tender Ond fatherly ' Concern for the Security and Safety of your People, so give us Leave to affiire your Majesty, you shall never have reason to think the Coriimons are ubdutifel, or unkind to youf Mtyelty; but that we will, upon all Occasions, stand by, tgid shift, your Majesty, in the Support Voi- XIL

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

PRATER*.

QUARLES de Sibourg took the Oaths appointed) in order to his Naturalization. . .

A Petition of the Mayor, and Burgfeifes, of the Town Darwwit of Nottingham, was presented to the Iloille, and read; Navigation,

setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House for making the River Darsdent, in the County of Derby,

navigable, which hath been attempted id former Parliaments; but the lame, being prejudicial to the Petitioners, and others, who opposed the fame, was always rejected, or dropped: And praying, That they may be heard against the now Bill, they having many important Rea-fons to offer against it.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table -until the said Bill be read a Second time.

6 G A Petition

48 2 4° FA. 1698.

Darwent A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and the Grand Accounts, from the said ift of January 169!, to the ift Navigation. jury assembled at the General Quarter Sessions of the of 1694; but he has not paid the Petitioners One Peace, for the County of Derby, was presented to the Peny thereof; nor have they been cloathed according to House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners the Establishment: And praying the Relief of this House, have seriously considered the Pretences heretofore used in That Colonel Coote may do them Justice, and pay them opposing the Bill, formerly in this House, for making the what is stated by him to be due to them.

River Darwcnt, in the said County, navigable; and hum- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition bly represent. That such a Navigation will be highly ad- be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine vaotageous. to the Generality 01Derbyshire, and divers the Matter thereof; and report the laine, with their other Neighbouring Places, trading to the fame, in help- Opinion therein, to the House:

ping off more easily, by Water-carriage, their heavy Com- And it is referred to Mr. Hancock, Mr Mr.

modities by quickening Trade, and by encouraging the Cook, Mr. Hr ere ton, Mr. Foley, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Bertie, Petitioners to set the Poor to work: And praying the Mr. Mr. Mr. Mr.

Assistance of the House, That so advantageous a Navi- steven. Lord Cornbury, Mr. Blake, Sir Drake, Sir gation may not be' denied the Petitioners, wherein the Drake, Mr. Freke, Mr. Mr. Mr.

whole Nation has some Share with them. Dyott, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Sir Fd. Hun-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table gerford. Air. Churchill, Mr. Lend her, Mr. Hayes: And until the Bill for making the said River navigable be read they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the a Second time. Speaker's Chambers.

Duty mi Leather.

Ditto.

A Petition of the Skinners and Glovers of the Ancient Corporation of Denbigh, in the County of Denbigh, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Time out of Alind, before the Duty on Salt, Alum, and Leather, the Petitioners comfortably maintained their Families, and employed Abundance of poor People; but, since the said Duties, they are lb impoverished, that all of them are likely thereby to become chargeable to the Parish: Aqd praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Leather-dressers, Skinners, Glovers, and Dependents On them, belonging to the said Trades, inhabiting the Town of Monmouth in the County of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their laid Trades are so much decayed, by reason of the great Duty upon Leather, and the want of Opportunity ih disposing of their Goods, as formerly, that the Petitioners are not able to subsist, and their poor Work-folks are in great Want for lack of Work: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for naturalizing Charles de Sibourg was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Cook, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Bagott, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Mr. Poultney, Sir John Philips, Mr. Yates, Mr. Carter, Sir Wrn. Ashurst, Mr. Smith, Alajor Holmes, Sir Drake, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. Chetwynd, Air, Bertie, Mr. Foley,

Air. Knight, Mr. Mounsteven, Colonel Granville, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Molyneux, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Morgan, Sir Edward Hungerford, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Hughes: And they are to meet on Monday next, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chambers.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Peachy have Leave to withdraw his Petition, touching the Election for the Borough of Mulhurst, in the County of

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey, Mr.

Mr. Johnson, Sir Robert Masha, Sir Sir

Jacob Banks, Mr. Harley, Colonel Perry, Mr.

Sir Cha. Windham, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Knight, Sir Rich.

Farrington, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Crow is referred.

Ditto. A Petition of the Wardens and Society of Glovers,

of the City of Hereford, ivas presented to the House, and Mr. Carter, according to Order, presented to the House, read: letting forth. That the Glovers Trade employs as a Bill for naturalizing James St. Peire: And the same many poor People as any other Trade; but, by reason of was received; and read the First time, the Duty upon Alum and Salt, and also Leather, that the Refotved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rates or Leather is so high, that it takes away most or all

of the Profit; and has lb lessened the Sale of Gloves, that A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, trading in the with the Duty on imported Leather, and the Death of Woollen Manufe&ure, within the Town of Halifax, in Sheep, the Petitioners are not able to supply themselves the West Riding of the County of York, was presented with Leather, and much less employ the Poor; and, be- to the House, and read; setting forth. That there is a fides, they cannot, by their wholesale Trade to London, Bill depending in the House, for -making navigable the fell lb dear as before the Duty laid on Leather; lb that Rivers Ay re and Colder, in the County of York, the ef-many have been quite ruined thereby, and others forced to fefting whereof will be a great Improvement of Trade to give over their Trades; and the greatest Dealers put off all the trading Towns in the North, and a Means to pre-jnoft of their Work-folks: And praying the Relief of serve their Roads; the Petitioners having no Water-the House, so as that the Petitioners may be encouraged carriage within leis than 30 Miles; which not only occa-in their Trades; and thereby the poor Manufactures will, fions a great Expence, but frequent Damage happens in a great Measure, find Employment. through the Badness of the Roads, by overturning of Car-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, riages: And praying. That the said Bill may pais.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table Irifo Arrears. A Petition of Richard Tincker, and others, in behalf of until the said Bill he read a Second time, themselves, and other Serjeants, who served his Majesty

in the Regiment formerly commanded by the Right Ho- Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for nourable the Lord ViscountZwiow, and afterwards by the vesting the Estate late of Charles Jones Esquire, deceased, Honourable Colonel Richard Coote', and was disbanded in Trustees, to be conveyed to Roynon Jones, Son of the in the Alonth of February 1697; was presented to the said Charles, and William Essington, and Anne his Wife, House, and read; setting forth. That their Colonel re- Grand-daughter of the said Charles Jones, pursuant to fuses to make up their Accounts, for their Service in - Agreements, made between them, for that Purpose: And land, from the 25 March 1689, to the ift of January that Mr. Cox and Mr. Carter do prepare, and bring in, 169^, though he has received their Money, as informed; the Bill, and notwithstanding the y petitioned the Court-Martial,

at the Horse-Guards, therein, yet they had no Relief; The House being acquainted. That one of the Sheriffs but the said Court, after a great Expence of Time and of the City of London attended, to present a Petition re-^louey, obliged their Colonel to make up the Petitioners lating to a Bill depending before the House;

18 He

Sibourg9*

Nat.

Midhurst

Eicdion.

Claim* for Prizes*

St Peire9* Nat.

Ayreand C alder Navigation.

Jones*

Estate*

Billingsgate Fish Market.

Froctfs of Capias for Debu under 401.

Claims for Prises*

King appoints to attended.

Defoftive

Titles.

10 W. III.

4® — 6° Fe

483

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented to the House a Petition against; the Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish.

And then withdrew.

The Petition was read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, by Prcscription, and by many Charters and Grants, a good Estate of Inheritance in* all the Markets in the City of London, and Liberties thereof; and the Regulation and Tolls of such Markets; but, by the said Bill, as it is penned, their Estate, and Power to regulate Billingsgate, will be taken away: And praying to be beard, by Counsel, against the said Bill, before the same do pals this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Sir Joseph Jekill, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to take away all Process of Capias for Debt, or Damages, under 40 s.: And the same was received, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next

A Petition of John Carlton, late Captain of his Majesty's Brigantine the Postboy, on the behalf of himself, and Ship's Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, on the 27 June 1697, the Petitioner took, as Prize, a Ship called The Wheel of Fortune; which was condemned, and fold, by the Commissioners of Prizes, at an Under-value; and, by the Account the Petitioner received from the Prize-Office, of the said Ship and Goods, it appears, that the Goods were fold much cheaper than they cost in France; and that many of them were not brought to Account: And praying, That the said Commissioners may give a more particular Account of the said Ship and Cargo, in order to the Petitioner's Relief.

Ordered, That it be referred to such Members of this House as are Commissioners for Prizes, to give an Ac-fwer, in Writing, to tire Matter of the said Petition.

The Earl of Ranelagh reported to the House, That he

' having, according to their Order, waited upon his Majesty, to know when he would please to be attended by this House, his Majesty had been plealed to appoint this Afternoon, at Kensington, at Three a Clock.

Sir Richard Cocks reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the general Quiet of the Subject, against all Concealments whatsoever, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Billwhich they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, That the Act shall not extend to affect any Manors, Lands, Tenements, Rents, or Tythes, granted to the City of by King James the First, or King Charles the First, or any claiming under them:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the BUI, with a Blank, That where any Person has been in Possession of any Lands, Tenements, or Hereditaments, belonging to the Church, and granted by the Crown, and has enjoyed them for Years, or the time certain for which they were granted, that they may quietly enjoy the fame, notwithstanding any Letters-Patents to the contrary:

And the same was twice read; and the Blank fiUed

And the Question being put. That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several other Amendments were made, by the House, to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resolved That this House will, upon Monday Morning King's next, take into Consideration his Majesty's most gracious Speech to both Houses the First Instant.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 6* die Februarii;

to* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

*XA MES St. Pare took the Oaths appointed, in order J his Naturalization.

A Petition of the Clothiers of Booking, Braintree, Hal Woollen sled, Coggshall, Witham, Dunmow, Siebbing, and Towns Manu&auw. adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioners understand there is a Bill depending in thu House, for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland; which Bill, the Petitioners conceive, wUl veiy much tend to the promoting the Trade of our English Woollen Manufactures: And praying, That the said Bill may pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said BUI is committed.

A BUI to naturalize James St. Pare was read a Second st Pelre's time. Nat

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Carter,

Mr. Mountstecens, Colonel Granoill, Sir Edw. Stradling,

' Dr. Davenant, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Clark, Mr. Stringer,

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Bio-feild, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Cor, Mr. Hoblyh, Mr. Clayton,

Mr. Jervois, Lord Combiery, Mr. Sir Abstru-

pus Danby, Mr. Probert, Mr. England, Mr. Gott, Mr.

Dyott, Mr. York, Sir IVm. Drake, Mr. Lowther, Mr.

Slater, Mr. Hamond, Sir Joe. Ashley, Mr. Lee, Mr. Hunt,

Mr. Yates, Sir Jacob Banks: And they are to meet this

Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Committees*

A Bill for the Ships Margaret and Friendship, to trade Ship# Maras free Ships, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Yates, Sir Fmn<Uhip* Robert Davers, Mr. Conyers, Sir fVm. Drake, Mr.

Mr. Morris, Mr. Bamardiston, Mr. Mr. Blofeild,

Mr. York, Mr. Clark, Mr. England, Mr. Mountstecen,

Mr. Dyot, Mr. Smith, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Chetwynd,

Mr. Scobell, Mr. Cor, Mr. Duke, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wa. Young, Mr. Hunt j and all that serve for the County of Somerset: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

up:

'Vox.

XII.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the Abuse# in Counties of Devon and Cornwall be added to the Com- King'sBcaai mittee, to whom the Petition of John Gooddall is referred; Fl*et

and who are to inquire into the U1 Practices, and Abuses of the Prisons of the Fleet, and King's-Bench.

Mr.

«r

484 6° FebruariL A. 1698.

El?ftions — Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the C*erL «f Vhe ^onsideration of the Petition of Thgmas Chute Esquire, Crow-n on the Clerk of the Crown, was referred; and to whom it was Returns. referred to consider of the Inlarging of the Time, allowed by the late Act. for delivering the Precepts in the Cinquei-P01 ts, for Elections of Members to serve in Parliament; That they had considered the fame; and do find, That fevera' Writs, with the Indentures, for Electing of Members of this Parliament, were not brought to the Cleric of the Crown till several Months alter the Day Parliament was ordered to meet: And that fonie of those, which were returned in time, were brought open and Joole* by Boys and Porters; and but few by the proper Officers, or their Deputies, who, according to the ancient Course, ought to have returned the fame:

Whereupon they came to this Resolution; vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the only. Way to prevent these Mischiefs is, to enforce the ancient Courte of Returns of Members to serve in Parliament, by the Sheriffs or other proper Officers, or their Deputies, who are obliged to make such Returns.

And that the Committee do likewise find, That the Three Days allowed by the said Act is too thort a time for the Performance thereof:

Whereupon they came to this Resolution; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Time for ItFuing and Delivery of Precepts in the ' Cinque-Ports be inlarged to Six Days.

And that flie Committee, upon Perofal of old Books, and Papers of Fees, ^claimed and received in the Petitioner's Office; and, more particularly, of One Book, made upon the Presentment of a Jury, impanelled to inquire into the Fees of that Office, nmong others, Anno 1631; do find, That an ancient Fee of 4s. for the Return i of a Knight of the Shire, and 2 of a Citizen, Burgess, or Baron of the Cinque-Ports, was due; and do find,

' That the faitie hath constantly been paid to the Clerk of the Crown, till the Return of this present Parliament; and also. That the Clerk of the Crown's Attendance, by reason of tile frequent Sessions of Parliament, is much more required in both Houses than formerly; and, That very strict Penalties have lately been laid on him, by the Act' for preventing false and.double Returns; whereby his constant Attendance in his Office, for receiving the Writs, when they are returned, upon calling a pew Parliament, is injoined more than heretofore:

Whereupon, the Committee came to this Resolution;

vis.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the ancient Fee, paid to the Clerk of the Crown, lie paid as formerly; and that the Sheriffs, and other Officers obliged to make such Returns, be allowed' the . same upoo their Accounts* in the Exchequer, and elsewhere.

The said Report and Resolulions being delivered in at the Clerk's Table, the same were there read; and the said Resolutions a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question (bverally put thereupon# agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Clark, Mr. Scobell, and Mr.

Lowndes, do prepare, and faring, in the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to them. That they . do also provide, in the said Bill, that the Officers of Gties, Boroughs, and Cinque-Ports, do make their Returns to . the Sheriffs, and the Sheriffs! their Returns to the Clerk of the Crown, in a reasonable time.

Answer to Mr. Speaker, reported, That he, with the whole House, Addrefr. having, ion Saturday last, presented their humble Address to his Majesty, his Majesty was pleased to give an Answer thereunto, to the Effect following; viz.

.Cehtfenien,

I " I take this Address very kindly. I am fully satisfied of

' . your Duty and Affection to me; and have no Doubt but

‘ you will always aft in the'manner you have express'edon this Occttfion.

A -Petition of the dafbanded Serjeants, Corporals, Arrears of Drums, and Centineis, of the Two Marine Regiments, Marines, commanded by the Right Honourable the Marquis of Carmarthen, and the Honourable Sir Shovel!,

was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That {there.is about 80Z. a Man due to them for their Service in the Wars; for which they applied to the Admiralty.; and, about Six Weeks ago, got an Order, directed to the Commissioners of the Navy, for their speedy Payment, but, upon one Account or other, they put them off, though they delivered in Accounts, stated by the Directions of the Navy-Board, who at last told the Petitioners, they could not pay them till they brought their Officers Face to Face, to make appear what is due to them; which is impossible for them to do; and, besides, the Captains have made unjust Stoppage for their Cloaths, and have charged the very last Suit, though the King allows them that gratis, in regard of their being broke:

And praying the House to give feme speedy Direction, that they may be paid what is due to them; and that they may have their last Suit of Cloaths allowed them, as other disbanded Soldiers have; otherwise they must perish in the Streets with flunger and Cold, having no Credit for their Subsistence.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Laystoff, Herring in the County of Suffolk, in behalf of themselves, and Fishery, others concerned in the North Sea, and Herring Fisheries,

was presented to ‘the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Fisheries are great Nufferies for able Seamen; and have been very advantageous to this Nation, until the Petitioners ancient Rights were infringed upon by the London Fiffihiongers; who, claiming a Privilege of making ent Codfish, take such Advantage thereby, not regarding their usual Measures, as tends to the Ruin of the North Seh Fishery; and also they import Cod-fish and Herrings from Holland, contrary to Law'; and, by indi-rest means, procure the same to be clandestinely seized by some Parish and Custom-House Officers, to finilier Ends, by compounding with both, before delivery, at Under-Tates: And praying, That some Care may be taken to prevent the like ill Practices for the future.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making Billinsgate a^free Market for Sale of Fish be read a Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Suppressing ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Vice *»<i of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the Immoralay-more.effectual Suppression of Vice and Immorality.

Resolved, That this House will, upon TVtdnesday Morn- Woollen ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Manuf*3ure; of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in and to

restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, Making proceeded to take into Consideration his Majesty's most Milium mo« gracious Speech to both Houses the First of February mstant.

And the same was read.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in, upon the Debate of the House, to make the Militia more useful:

And it is referred to Mr. Robert tiarley. Sir Richard Cocks, Sir John Holies, Mr. Edw. Harley, Mr. Gucyn, Major-General Erie, Mr. Boyle, Sir Christopher Musgrove,

Mr. Thursby, Sir Wm. St. Quintin, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Conyers, Sir Theo. Oglethorp, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Heveningham, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Prober t, Mr. Pierpoint, Mr. Smith, Mr. How; or any Five

of them; to prepare, and bring in, the Bill: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Nine a Clock; and to fit dc die in dim.

Ordered,

io W. III.

A p«rfon to Ortletxd, That Captain Price, Commander of the Cen

attend. ticrion, do attend this House upon Morning

next.

State of the The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-NavJ* foived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to confnter further of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker returned the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they lrad made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

485

A Petition of Obadiah Wood, John Newton, and Army

Kidderminster, in behalf of themselves, and the Officers, Arrears Ministers, and Attendants, on the Train of Artillery em* ployed for the Reducing of Ireland, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners faithfully served in the Wars; and there is due in Arrear to them 17,030/. 14s. 2d.as appears by the Accounts of the principal Officers of the Ordnance-Office: That they petitioned the Lords Justices for their said Arrears; who referred the Matter to the Commissioners of the Treasury; who allowed the said Arrears to be a just Debt; but had not Money to pay the same, till supplied by this House: And praying, That the House will order the Payment of what is due to them; many of them being now languishing in Prison for lnwll Debts, and their Families in great Want.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table*

70 Februafii

Darwent Ordered, That the Bill to make the River Daru'ent, in

Navigation. the (J0unty of Derby, navigable, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, T die Februarii; io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

Claim* for A P ET IT I ON of Captain'To/i/i late Com-

N"*- 1 l mander of his Majesty's Ship the London, on the be-

half of himself and Ship's Company, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in June 1697, the Petitioner took Three Ships, as Prize; which were condemned, and fold, by the Commissioners of Prizes: That the Goods on board the Ships, viz. the Emanuel, St. Paul, and Amity, were worth 14,000 /. as appeared by their Bills of Lading; hut the said Commissioners have paid the Petitioner only 166/. in full of his and his Company's Share of the said Prizes, according to Act of Parliament, though there is much more due to them: And praying, That the said Commissioners may give a more particular Account of the Cargo of the said Three Ships; that the Petitioners may have the due Benefit of the said Act.

Ordered, That it be referred to such of the Commissioners of Prizes as are Members of this House, to give an Answer, in Writing, to the Matter of the said Petition.

Abates in A Petition of Eleanor Smith, Relict and Executrix of King's Bench Fronds Smith, late of London, Bookseller, was presented IJjdFfe* to the House, and read; setting forth, That Thomas Bronthall, deceased, who had purchased the Inheritance of, and was, Warden of the Fleet Prison, prevailed with the Petitioner's laid Husband, to be bound with him in above 1,000l. towards the said Purchase; and actually paid for Bromkall above 600 L: That John Tilly Esquire, endeavouring to procure an Act of Parliament, for Sale of the Fleet, and hearing that the Petitioner intended to oppose lorn, gave her a Bond to pay 200 /. in May 1695, of which be has paid but 7 /. 6 *. and refuses to pay the Petitioner any more; saying, He was in his Castle, mean-' ing the Fleet: So that the Petitioner is like to lose her liud Debt, Tilly having the Management of the said Prison, and the Petitioner not being in a Condition to compel him to pay her: And praying, That (be may be paid her said Debt, out of the Profits of the said Prison, or otherwise, as die House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the petition of John Gocddoll is referred; and who are to inquire into the iti Praftke6 and Abusesof the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet; And that they do examine die Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Vol. XII.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Capital Bur* Ayre and gefies, of the Borough of Kirkby iu ,in the County fralion

of Westmoreland, was presented to the House, and reed; .

setting forth. That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the County of York; the completing whereof will be of great Advantage to the Towns of Leeds and IVakefeild, in ti.e Woollen Manufactures, by reason of Water-carriage} and the Petitioners having great Dealings into those Parts, the said Navigation will not only encourage their Commerce, but will be a general Advantage to all the trading Towns in the North of England: And praying, That the said Bill may pass into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Clothiers trading in the Woollen Ma-> Ditto, mifacture, within the Town of Wakefeild, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Towns of Leeds and Wakefeild are the principal Markets, in the North, for*

Woollen Cloth; and are situate on the Rivers Ayre and!

Colder; which may be made navigable; and several Persons have undertaken to do it; which will be a great Improvement of Trade to all the trading Towns in the North, by reason of the Conveniency of Water-carriage; for want of which the Petitioners fend their Goods 22 Miles by Land-carriage; the Expence whereof'is not only very chargeable, but they are forced to stay Two Months sometimes, while the Roads are passable to Market j and many times their Goods receive considerable Damage, through the Badness of the Roads, by Overturning: Aud praying the House to encourage the said Navigation.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said Rivers navigable be read a Second time.

Mr. England reported from the Committee, to whom Yarmoutt the Bill for continuing a former Act, for the clearing. Harbour, preserving, maintaining, and repairing, the Haven and Pier of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and tlion a Secpnd time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of several Iron-mongers in and about the Darwent City of London was presented to the House, and read; Navigation, setting forth, That the making navigable the River Dar-veent, in the County of Derby, will be a great Advantage to the Petitioners, in the more easy Conveyance of Ironwares; which now are brought down the River Trent, where the Petitioners receive great Oppressions at WiLtc Ferry; which, by this Navigation, will be removed, and

6 H the

Darwent

Navigation.

Ditto.

Ships Margaret and Friendship.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Ditto.

486 70 Februarii. 1698.

the Land-carriage shortened: And praying, That the Bill, depending in this House, for making the said River went navigable, may pase into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Cheesemongers in and about the City of London was presented to the House, and read;

setting forth, That the Petitioners have great Quantities of Cheese sent down the River Ti'ent, out of the Counties of Derby, Stafford, and Chester; the Conveyance of

which will be much cheaper, by making the River Dar-went, in ithe County of Derby, navigable; to the Advantage of those Counties, and also to the Inhabitants of London and W"si minster: And praying the House to pass the Bill, therein depending, for making the said River Darwent navigable.

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Burgesses, and other Gentlemen, and Inhabitants, of the Town of in the

Counties of Warwick and Stafford, was presented to the

House, and read; setting forth, That the making of the River Dancent, in the County of Derby, navigable, will

be of great Advantage, for the more cheap Conveyance of Heavy Goods from one Place to another, and particularly to London: And praying. That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, may pais into an Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Yates reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Ships Margaret and Friendship to trade as free Ships was committed, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the said Amendment, be ingrafted.

A Bill for making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Calder in the County of York, at the Charge of such Persons as w ill undertake the fame, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Kirkby, Mr. Moli/neiu, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. York, Mr. Vane, Sir

Edw. Blacket, Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Palmes, Mr.

Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Bridges, Colonel Granville, Mr. Mountagu, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Turner, Mr. Sir Jo. Robin-

son, Mr. Clayton, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Worsly, Mr. Boyle, Mr. MacheU, Sir WmHustler, Mr.

Mr. Thornhagh, Sir John Phillips, Mr. Mr.

Harvey, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Mr. Hayes, Sir Henry Ashurst, Mr. Freeman; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Durham, Lancaster, Northumberland, and Cumberland: And they are to meet tills Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and . Records.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, and Commonalty, of the ancient City of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said City has chiefly its Support and Advantage by the River Ouze, and Water of Humber; which is a Passage for Ships and Boats from York to Hull, and divers Parts of this Realm; and that.

by Letters Patents 10* Edwardi 4*, the said Petitioners were appointed Conservators of the River Ayre, from the River Ouze to Kmttingly Mill-dam; and have all along

exercised their Powers accordingly: That if the Bill, depending in the House, for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable, should pass, the River Ouse will be so drained by such Navigation, that no Boats or Vessels will be able to pass thereon; whereby the Trade of the City of York, carried on by the said River Ouze, will be quite carried into other remote Parts, and the Petitioners said Power of Conservatorftiip destroyed; to the Impover-ithing of the said City, and Countries adjacent: And praying, That the said Bill may not pals; the Petitioners being ready to offer other Reasons against the lame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard, by their Counsel, before the Committee) thereupon.

Ordered, That the Committee do also hear Counsel for the said Bill.

A Petition of Francis Nevill, of Chevett, in the County of York, Esquire, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for making the Rivers Ayre and Calder navigable; and the Petitioner being Proprietor of several Corn, Fulling, and Rape, Mills, and Dams, upon the River Calder, the same will not only be weakened, by the immense Weight of Water thereon; but, by Back-waters, his Mills will be inevitably flopped from going at all, to his great Prejudice: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioner be heard, by his Counsel, before them, to the said Bill.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of Bradford, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York, will not only be a great Advantage to the Towns of Leeds and Wakefeild, which are the chief trading Towns for Cloth, but to all the trading Towns in the North, by the Conveniency of Water-carriage: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said Rivers navigable, may pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and others, the Inhabitants of the Town of in

the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Rivers Ayre and Calder are capable of being made navigable; and divers Persons have undertaken to do it; the efiefting whereof will be a great Advantage to Trade, in all the Northern trading Towns of E; and particularly to the Petitioners, who have now no Conveniency of Water-carriage within 28 Miles of them; and the Land-carriage not only occasions a great Expence upon their Manufactures, but oftentimes they receive great Damage, by Overturning, through the Badness of the Roads; which, by the said Navigation, will be preserved: And praying, That the Bill, now depending in the House, for making the said Rivers navigable, may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the several Petitions which have been presented to the House, relating to the said Bill; which were ordered to lie upon the Table until the Bill wa? read a Second time; be referred to the said Committee.

Sir

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Ditto.

Ditto.

10 W. III.

7® Febtuarii.

487

Sir Rowland Gzoyn reported, from the Committee of

Privileges and Elections, the Matter, touching the Election for ilie Borough of Ailesbury, in the County of as

the same appeared to the Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Simon Mayne Esquire, and of divers Inlmbitants of Ailesbury, complaining of an undue Return of James Herbert Esquire; and also upon the several Petitions of Robert Dormer Esquire, and of other Inhabitants of Ailesbury, complaining of the undue Return of Sir Thomas Lee; to serve for the said Borough of Ailesbury:

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Housholders not receiving Alms.

And the Numbers of the Poll, as it was taken, were greed to be,

For Sir Thomas Lee - - - 168.

Mr. Herbert - - - 158.

Mr. Mayne - - i 57.

Mr. Dormer - - - 149.

That the Right of the Bedford Charity-men to vote was controverted by" the Petitioners, and Sitting Members: And, as to that, it appeared,

That John Bedford, by his Will, made the 12th July, 9* 11. 7, allotted Lands, of about 120/. a Year, for the Repair of the Highways about Aylesburyand-to be dealt in Alms to blind People, crooked, sick, and poor People: In 39® Elis there was an Act of Parliament for settling this Charity; by which the said Trust is vested in Nine Perl'ons; who are made a Corporation, arid impowered to act in the Disposition of the said Charity, according to the Will of Mr. Bedford, and are to have perpetual Succession, by the Name of the Surveyors of the Highways of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks:

That this Charity, accordingly, every St. Thomas's Day, is distributed by the Feoffees, to the Poor of bury, by 2 s. Half a Crown, or 3, 4, or 5 s. apiece, or such small Sums; and is commonly continued to the same Persons, for their Lives; but 'tis discretionary in the Feoffees to chauge the Persons as they think fit; and, for this Charity, every Three Years, they account to the Bishop of Lincoln:

That it also appeared, by the Testimony of Robert Holland, who had lived in Ailesbury 48 Years; and of Alexander Dover, who has known Aylesbury above 40 Years; and of Henry Monday, who was born in Aylesbury in 1652, and has known several Elections; That thele Men, who received this Bedford Charity, were always admitted to vote; and could not say their Votes were refilled upon any Election:

But John Heywood said, That, at the Election in King

James' time, when Sir T/10. Lee and Sir Richard by Hood against Sir William Egerton and Mr. Anderson, the Bedford Men were polled, with a Quere; and their Votes not allowed, upon a Scrutiny; and Sir Win. Egerton and Mr. Anderson were returned, though, with the Bedford Men, Sir Thom. Lee, and Sir had a Majority of 40: But Sir Lee and Sir Richard Ingoldsby did then insist, That the Bedford Men had a Right to vote: And Heywood said, He did not remember any Contest till then. 1 And the Committee, upon Consideration of the Matter, were of Opinion, That all Persons receiving Alms w ithin the Borough of Aylesbury, pursuant to the 'Will of Mr. Bedford, are, in respect thereof, disabled to vote in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

That the Petitioner Mr. Counsel, who were

also for Sir Thomas Lee, infilled, That several that ha£ a Right to vote, and did offer to vote, for Sir Thomas Lee and Mr. Mayne, were refused by the Constables; and that others that had voted for Mr. Herbei't and Mr. Dormer had no Right to vote: And that Robert did come,' and first give in his Vote for Sir Tho, Lee, and Vol, XII.

Mr. Mayne, but was not put down so; but afterwards, his Poll was taken for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer:

The Persons that they complained were refilled by the Constables, were, Sam. Stephens, Math. JVillis, John Pate, Robert Crocket, Tho. Brasier, Edward Parish, Robei't Hitchcock, William Forbes, James Gullett, Tho,. Williams, Robert Ironmonger', Henry Woodhouse, Francis Walton, Ely Rolf:

That Sir Tho. Lee's and Mr. Mayns Counsel called Witnesses to qualify the 14: But Six of them; viz. Math. Willis, John Pate, Roberd Ironmonger, Henry Woodhouse, Fra. Walton, and Ely Rof; being agreed to have received the Bedford Charity; and all such being, by. the Opinion of the Committee, incapacitated to vote; it will not be necessary to trouble the House with the Evidence relating to them.

That the Evidence with relation to the remaining Eight was as follows;

Mr. Thomas Oviat and Sam. Stephens, said, That Samuel Stephens was an Housholder, and did not receive Alms; and had been Constable twice; and paid to the Window-Tax:

But it was acknowledged. That one Smith lives under the same Roof; and there was but one Door to the Street, from Stephens' Apartment, and from Smith's; but Stephens' paid above 4 /. a Year Rent, and Smith but 40 s. a Year; and Stevens had voted at an Election Three Years ago; and Stephens had lived there about 12 Years, and Smith about 5 Years; that Smith has voted, but with a Quere; yet Smith was admitted to poll for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer; but Stephens' Vote for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne was refused.

Tho. Lee, Robert Hitchcock, Wm. Lee, said, That Robert Crocket is an Housholder; and that his House was got ready for him against Lady-day: That Mr. Goldfinch the Constable said, He was not an Inhabitant, because he had not given Notice: But the Witnesses testi* fied, That, for his House and Land, he paid 10 /. a Year, at least:

They also said, That he had a Pack in several Towns: and would have voted for Sir Thomas Lee and Mr. Mayne.

Thomas Lee said, That Tho. Brasier was an Housholder, and did not receive Alms: That the Part of the House where he lives has been divided a Dozen Years: That he took the House a Fortnight before the Election; and would have voted for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne; but was refused, as not having been an Housholder long enough:

Mr. Oviat laid, That Brasier paid Half a Year's Rent, due at St.Thomas' Daylaft; and that Richard Haley,

living in the same Part, was brought in a Chair, and voted for Mr. Herbert; and Mr. Parish for Mr. Mayne.

John Clark, and John Maybery, said, That Edward Parish was an Housekeeper:

And Clark laid, That Parish had watched and warded, and had lived there, ever since before May; and that he offered to vote for Sir Tho. Lee wad Mr. Mayn, and was refused!

William Lee said, That Robert Hitchcock was an Inhabitant, and did not receive Alms:

And Hitchcock himself laid, He offered to vote for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne, but was refused. 1

Alexander Dover said, He knew William Forbes to be an Housekeeper:

And Forbes himself said, That he came to Aylesbury 2d May, and took a House, the 20th May, of Kirkby:

That he was disbanded before he came to live in Town; and married a Woman that lived there; and that he would have voted for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne, and was refused., James Gullett laid, He would have voted for Sir Thom. Fee and Mr. Mayne, and was refused; and Goldsmith told him, He would not poll him, unless he knew whom he was for: That he came to Aylesbury in January was 12 Months.

Thomas Rolf said. That Gullet had married a young Woman that owned the House he lived in.

Tho.

Aifesbury

Election.

488 70 Februar. A. 1698*

Tho. Williams find, He offered to poll for Sif Tho. Zee

and Mr. Marne, and was refused.

William Lee said, That Tho. Williams is a House-keeper, and did not receive Alms: That Whitchurch lived under the same Roof; but he received Alms, and did not poll; and said, He had nothing to do to poll.

As to Robert Eggleton;

Rich. Wright, and Tho. Read, said. That Robert Eggleton, when he came first to poll, gave his Vote for Sir Tho. Zee and Mr. Mayne; bnt his Vote was not then put down: But he was whispered by the Constable, and, afterwards, voted for Mr. Herbert.

That the Counsel then proceeded to take Exceptions to Six of the Votes for Mr. Herbert and Mr.;

inz. John Smith, John Mills, Robert Row, Jof. Gyles, John Fenford, Charles Noy:

But all but Gyles and Noy had received the Bedford Charity: and so need not trouble the House with the Evidence relating to them.

And, as to Gyles;

Alexander Dover said, That Giles came in last Year, and had Notice to remove; upon which he had protnifed a Certificate, but had not brought it: But acknowleged him to be a Housekeeper 21 July.

And William Lee said, Charles Noye lived in a House that, Three Years ago, was his Mother's; but could not tell whether his Mother or he kept House.

Sir Thomas Lee and Mr. M Counsel also infilled,

That there had been a Partiality shewn by the Constables: And, for that, called,

Math. Lee: Who said, He was at Richard Kinghams Shop, and heard him say. That right or wrong, they would return Mr. Herbert, whoever they left out.

John Haf U, That he came, on the Election-day, to Hawkins his House, and asked him, Who his Master voted for ? and said, He doubted his Master would fool himself in voting for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne; and his House would go no higher.

That, for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer, the Counsel produced,

Robert Eggleton himself: Who said, He voted for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer, and never offered his Vote for any other.

Richard Heydon said, That the Constable took Eggleton by the Hand, and asked him, Who he voted for? That Eggleton spoke low, and the Constable told them, He voted for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer', and Mr. not being satisfied, had him called in again (he not being Four Yards from the Bar;) and he repeated his Vote over again for the fame.

That, as to the Eight that Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayn' % Counsel laid had a Right, and were refused, which were not Bedford Men, Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer's Counsel called l'everal Witnesses:

John Whorwood said, That House was never

reckoned a Dwelling-house, till he lived there; but was a Walh-house and Kitchen, Part of a Farm-house: But laid, Stephens lived there before him, and had been Constable; but Smith came in to him, and had served no Offices.

William Spencer fetid. He took the Right of Voting to be in John Smith, he dwelling in the Front-pan; and having voted at a former Election.

Thomas Bigg, John Ivory, said, Robert Crocket came to Aiksbury at Lady-day, or not long before: That he is.a Scotchman, and before carried a Pack: That, though he had rented 101, a Year, in House and Land, of teveral Persons, he had been warned out by the Justices, as not settled by the Statute.

Peter Wilkins, Richard Talboys, Alexander,

said, That Brasier paid 3 s. 6d. per Week for his Board; and Dover, his Landlord, bid him provide himself a Bed, a Loaf, and a Piece of Cheese, and take Part of an House, and he should have a Vote; and that he removed Three or Four Days before the Election; and, since, he returned to Dover's again.

William Spencer find, That Eduard Parish was a Ser* vant to one Downey, of Aylesbury, and rented a Cellar of Beer of him; and, a little before the Election, said, He would take a House, and have a Voice; and that he lay at his Mailer's House before the Election, and Gace; and that he, and one White in the same Circumstances, who would have voted foi Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer, were rejected at the same time:

And said, That Robert Hitchcock had Two Houses of his own in the Town; but one was empty, and the other was lett: That be warned him to watch, as the next Neighbour; but he refused.

John Gutteridge said. That Robert Hitchcock had kept House since Michaelmas', but lived with his Mother before, and at the time of, the Election.

Thomas Bigg, John Ivory, John Heyrcood, said, That William Forbes and James Gullet were disbanded Soldiers,

and Scotchmen: They have been in Aylesbury about Six Months: That they have been warhed out; but the Justices had a Difficulty upon them, about removing them, being Scotchmen: That Forbes lived with a Woman, as his Wife, who was formerly an Inhabitant.

Richard Heydon said, That Tho. Williams was no Housholder; but lived with Whitchurch: That Williams, in the Election before, offered to vote, and was denied by Mr. Mayn's Agent; and the Constables polled Whitchurch; and Williams and Whitchurch did, respectively, live in the same Part of the House they held at that Election:

Richard Talboys said. That Williams was no Housekeeper; but lived with Whitchurch; and Whitchurch built the House.

That, as to Gyles, it was admitted he came by Certificate; but he was there the Christmas before the Election.

Thomas Kempster said, Charles Noy had been a good Housekeeper 6 or 7 Years; and Constable 3 or Years ago; and rents 5 ol.a Year; and watches and wards, and pays all Dues: That he lives in a Victualling-house with his Mother, but in an Apartment separate to himself: And could not tell in whole Name the Licence was.

That the Counsel for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer demanded Allowance for Edward Taylor who, they laid, was refused, as a Minor: And,

Samuel Higgons produced a Certificate of the Register: By which it appeared, That Edward Taylor was baptized the 2d of June 1677: And he laid, That the said Taylor

tendered his Vote for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer, but was refused to poll, as under Age:

And a Licence was produced in his Name, of 26 April 1698.

That the Counsel for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer then objected to Seven, that voted for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne; viz. Robert Payton, junior, John

Shepperd, John Meadon, Robert Holland, Alexander Dun-comb, and Math. Ashby:

But Payton and Meadon had received the Bedford Charity; and so need not trouble the House with the particular Evidence relating to them.

That, as to the other Five;

William Brooks, John Higgins feid, That John Elk junior was no Housekeeper; but has a Chamber in the House, eats with his Mother, and pays her for his Diet.

Mr. Robert Hart said, That John Shepherd was a Tenant to him a Year and a Half since; but left his House above a Year since, and got in again, a little before the Election, without any new Bargain, or his Privity.

Charles Noy, Wm. Goldsworth, said, That Robert Holland declared, He had nothing to do with the House, but was a Sojourner; for he had made over all to his Grandson.

Wm. Goldsworth, William Jones, said, That Alexander

Duncomb lived with his Mother: And Goldsworth said. He had seen Duncomb pay his Mother for Drink, she keeping a Publick-house: And Jones laid. That Dun-comb declared his Mother had paid Rent 16 Years.

14 Job n

3y

10W. III.

7° Februarii.

489

John Haywood, Thomas Eggleton, said, That Matth. Ashby was a Housekeeper; but he came to Aylesbury as an Hostler, and stood warned out of the Town.

That, as to the Bedford Charity-men, it appeared, that the following Persons had received that Charity, and voted for Sir Thomas Lee; viz.

1 Darnel Parish 2 Dunston Peyton

3 John Short

4 John Sheene

5 William Brandon

6 James Defrayne

7 John Johnson

8 Robert Peyton q John Medley

to John Oviats i t John Peyton senior

12 Jeff. Milles

13 Alexander Oliff 'e

14 Ben. Healy

15 Nic. Bast all

16 William

17 Matth. Lee

18 William Cooper

19 Wm. North

20 John Peyton junior

21 Wm. Chandler

22 James Maydon

23 John Clark senior

24 John Kempster

25 Edw.Abthorp

26 Robert Newens

27 John Drujunior

28 Hen. Goo

29 Alexander Collin

30 Edward Lutman

31 Wm. Skidmore

32 Robert Church

33 Wm.Wildgo

34 Edward finch junior

35 Jarvis Gumell

36 Richard Wright

37 John Clark

38 Henry Fryer

39 John Maydon

40 Robert Jesses

41 Tho. Deaii

4* Wid.Collins

43 John Coleman

44 Tho. Osborne

45 John Hodoway

46 John Butler

47 John Ells

48 Tho. Zee senior

49 John Drew senior

50 Hen. Nicholls

51 John Wigginton

52 Ambrose Todd

53 Alexander Druce

54 Edw. Finch senior

55 John Kingham

56 Wm. Moores.

57 Wm. Colder

58 Henry Bass

59 John Hawkes

60 Peter Wilk

... All which, but William Bridgfoot, Tho. Lee senior, and Henry Nicholls, did likewise poll for Mr.

That Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer's Counsel insisted also. That several others, who were not mentioned in the Book of the Account of the Bedford Charity, and had polled for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne, had received Bedford Charity: And for that called,

Judith Hales-. Who said. She few the Wife and Daughter of Geo. Welsh, on last St. Thomas' Day, receive of Bedford's Charity, from a Woman that hath usually delivered the feme for several Years past:

That John Ironmonger's Wife received from the feme Woman, at the feme time:

That Thomas Harris's Wife received from the feme Woman, at the feme time:

That Thomas Layton's Wife received from the feme Woman, at the feme time:

And that John Reed hiraself received from the feme Woman, at the same time: ,

Then Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer's Counsel proceed-upon Point of Corruption: And for that called, Peter Wilkyns: "W ho said, 1'hat he voted for Sir Thom. Lee and Mr. Mayne, and had 3 given him by Alexander Dover, to vote fb j which 3 s. he was promised should be made 3 I.; and that afterwards Dooer desired him not to speak of it, telling him, He had rather give the said Wilkins 5 Guineas; and that Dover went with him to an Alehouse, where was Williams, Brooks, and Oviaf,3 of the Feoffees; and there he was promised his Money by Saturday following: And afterwards the said Wilkins received 50 s.from Mr. Young, an Attorney, who told him, He brought it from Mr. Mead: That

Young required a Note for the said 50 s.; which he gave; but Mr. Young said, it should be his own when the Election was over: and Dover told him, It was the Feoffees Money: That he had also given him Two Barrels of Beer before the Election, and Three since:

That Dover desired him to give it under his Hand to

discharge the Bribery; and told him, If he would go before a Justice of Peace, and swear he would not come to Vo l. XII.

Town, he should have 6 /. .* And Dover also told him Ayltfbury If he would hot declare this Matter, he should have 10 /. B e on‘ when the Election was over:

That, if it had not been for the said Money, he bad voted for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer:

He further feid, That he did not know Dover to be Sir Tho. Lee's Agent in other Matters; but that Sir Tho. Lee had bought Bricks of binm

Samuel Weaver said, He had 20 s. from Williams, to vote for Sir Thomas Lee and Mr. Mayne, and to let William Clark come into his House, to try to vote j and Widiams said, That it was out of Bedford Money: And . that Wm. Tucker gave Jordan 6 s. to pay for his Child's Birth and Burial, to vote for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne:

And Dooer and James Jordangave his Wife 12 d. apiece, and asked him to vote for Sir Tho. Ijee and Mr. Mayne; but he said, He did not vote for them, because he would not uphold Bribery.

Richard Weekes feid, That Samuel Dooer offered him a Guinea, if he would vote for Sir Thomas Lee and Mr.

Mayne, to be paid when the Ele&jon was over.

James Brandon feid, That he being indicted for felling.

Drink without Licence, Mr. Mayn's Son told him* If he. would vote for his Father, he should have a licence* and it should cofthim nothing: And Mr. Mayn's Son gave his Brother Half a Crown,. to give him for his Day's.

Work.

That, as to the Carriage of the Constables;

William Bampton laid, The Poll began before he. came; but he staid till it was.ihut up; and, before it was shut up, they made Proclamation, and then flayed Half an Hour; and then made Proclamation again: And that.

Mr. Mayne was angry they did not shut up the Poll: And Bampton said. He thought the Constables impartial.

Richard Hay don feid. The Constables behaved them-, selves very equally; and that he did not perceive any angry Words; only Mr. Mayn threatened the Constables for not polling feme that wefe for him.

Samuel Bampton said, That Rthe. First time he came, only gave, a single Vote; and afterwards came, and would have polled for Mr. Dormer; but was denied by Mr. Mayn.

1'hat Sir Thomas Lee and Mr. Mayn's Counsel* by way of Reply, to justify the Votes excepted to on other Side, called,

Peter Goldsworth: Who . feid, John Ells has Part of an House defeended to him from his Father:

Thomas Newin said, John Ells has watched on the King's W'atch, upon his own Account:

Gullet said, That he had seen John Ells buy Victuals, and make his Bread; but in his Mother's Apartment:

That he has ho Servant; but provides for himself, and repairs his Part.

Alexander Dooer feid, That John Shepperd is an House keeper, and took an House of him at Michaelmas 1697, and rented it to Michaelmas 1698.

Alexander Dooer, Robert Holland, feid Tho. Shepperd had been for feme time to help his Mother; yet he came to Town a Month before the Election; and his Family was at Aylesbury all the time.

Nath. Netmaker feid, That Robert Holland and Alex- '

ander Duncombwere both Housekeepers at the last Election; and he had received of them Three Quarters of the Land Tax.

Holland feid, Duncomb had been a Housekeeper, 3 or 4 Years.

That Matth.Ashby's Licence was produced, dated 26

April 1698; and also his Lease, dated 14 December 1697.

That against Taylor's Vote, infilled on by Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer, they produced,

Henry Bay ley: Who said, Edward Taylor lived with his Mother, and paid her for Drink; and his Mother receives and pays, particularly for the Hackney Horses:

And that Taylors Father had been dead for 2 Years.

That then Mr. Oviat gave the Committee an Account of such Men as, he said, had polled for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer, and had received the Bedford Charity, viz.

6 1

49°

7° Februa

A. 1698.

For Mr. Herbert.

William Holloway John Morrell John Money Wm. Cooper

John Row Wm. Smith Sam. Kingham Tho. Bourne John Horwood senior John Berry Tho. Colcdl William Heather John Capell

Tho. Eggleton Tho. Lee, senior

Richard Walker Francis Wildgoose Joseph Bell Wm. Butler Steph.Holloway James Brandon Robert Row John MUes

Wm. Walcopp Jeffrey Russell Samuel Weaver John Fenford Robert Croldsw

John Smith Wm. Man Wm. Stocker John Clark senior Richard Kempster Tho. Dawney

Tho. Shouler

Robert Wheeler junior Darnel Home Job North John Pane Wm. Bridgfoot John Trehton John Kempster junior Richard Good John Southwell

John Cotsdljunior William Trayton William Haley William Kirby John Bell junior John Leaver Wm. Norris. 51.

For Mr. Dormer.

William HoUoway John Morrell John Money Wm. Cooper John Johnson John Row Wm. Smith Sam. Kingham Tho. Bourne John Horwood senior John Berry Tho. Colcdl

John Capell Tho. Eggleton

Richard Walker Fra. Wildgoose Joseph Bell Wm. Butler Steph. Holloway

Robert Row John MUes Wm. Walcopp Jeff".Bussed Sam. Weaver John Fenford Robert Goldscworth John Smith Wm. Mann William Stocker

Richard Kempster Tho. Dawney Tho. Shouler Robert Wheeler junior Daniel Home

Job North John Paine

John Treason John Kempster junior Richard Good

William Trayton William Haley Wm. Kirby John Bell junior John Leaver William Norris. 45.

But by the Book of Bedford Charity it appeared, That One of them, vis. John John was only paid out of the Charity-Stock, for making a Gown for Widow Bradly.

That as to the Five, that Judith Hales said received of the Bedford Chanty, and were not entered in the Book; they called,

Mr. Oviat: Who said, Geo. Welsh did not receive in 1697: That Ironmonger was not then in Town: Harris not received for 8 Years: was a substantial Man in 1697: That John Reed never received; and that Layton never received, nor aiked-

Thomas Williams said, That the Names of the Persons who received the Charity were always set down in Writing.

Sir. Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayns Ceunfel further insisted,

That there was, in Aylesbury, other annual Charity left to that Town, anddilposed by the Churchwardens: And Mr. Mead and Mr. Braddon testified, That John Higgins, Fra. Carter, Edward Edwards, Each. IPhitmitl, ChartssHaywood, Wm. Clark, and Gabr. White, had received of that Charity: and voted for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer.

That, as to the Bribery; they called.

John Bed: Who said, That it being told it

was reported he was hired, he lifted up his Hand$, and denied he ever laid any such thing.

Josiah Roll, Tho. Brazier, said,' That came

into his Mailer's House, and said, He never had One Peny, or One Penyworth, to vote for Mr. Mayn and Sir Tho. Lee; and find, They were Whores and Rogues that said so:

That Wilkyns took God to witness, he had no Money to vote for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne, from Man, Woman, or Child; but said, He could have had Money to pay his Bent, to be for Mr. Herbert and Mr. Dormer.

John Hawkes, Mary Dover, said, That Wilkins had denied, several times, that he had any Money to be for Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne.

Eliz. Hawkes said, That Wilkins laid, That he wished the Devil might fetch him, if he told Esquire Dormer, or the Lord Norreys, he was bribed; and find. He was obliged to give Sir Tho. Lee and Mr. Mayne a Vote.

Mary Saunders laid, She lived in the House where Wilkyns pretended to have Drink at the time of the Election; and that WUkyns had not any such Drink.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That James Herbert Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Sir Thomas Lee Baronet is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Robert Dormer Esquire is duly elected a Burgds to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was propol'ed to be made therein, by inferring after " Bedford," these Words, " or any other " Persons receiving any other Charity annually distributed in the feme Town:

And the feme was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That all Persons receiving Alms within the Borough of Aylesbury, pursuant to the Will of Mr. Bedford; or any other Persons receiving any other Charity, annually distributed in the feme Town; are, in respect thereof, difebled to vote in the Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the said Borough.

The Second Resolution being read a Second rime;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That James Herbert Esquire is duly elected a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

The Third Resolution being read a Second rime;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Tho. Lee Baronet is not duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ailesbury;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth. Tellers for the Yeas,

166.

Tellers for the Noes,

fSir Godfrey Copley,

I Mr. Hamond:

[Mr. Ogle,

[Mr. L: r *39-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Fourth Resolution being read a Second rime;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Robert Dormer Esquire is duly defied a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers

Ayleftmry

Writ

Haslemere; Ac. Elections.

Supply.

Committees.

Billingsgate

FtfhMarket.

Making Militia more useful.

St Piere's Nat

Sibourg's

NaU

i o W. III. 491

Tellers for the Yeas,|^' l}14®-

TeUersfbr ft. £,} tise

So fc polled in the Negative* t

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker afoiflue his Warrant1 to fee Clerk of the Crow n, tontoke out a new Writ for the* electing a Bprgefs to Terre in this prefort Parliament for' the Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks, in the room of Sir Tho. Lee Baronet, who is adjudged not to be doty elected.

Ordered, That the Reports, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the- Borough of Hasieme/e, incite County of Surry; attd touch*'

ing the Election for the Borough of Ludgershatt, in tie County of Wilts; be made upon Thserfday Monoing next.

Resobed, That this House wiH,1 Tomorrow Morning,* resolve itself into a Committee of 'the whole House, to consider further of the Supply ' to"be granted to "his Majesty. 1 ;i" 1:

Ordered, That aft Committees be ddjowmed.

And then the House'(adjoutheduntil* Tiwnowool Morning, Eight a Clock. !' ll ;(l

: i ! f« I

-'* Mercurii, 8* die Fetyiiarii',

. \ ‘ A - t ! ' ‘

' its Gulielmi Tertii; ,1:

, PRAYER S. . ....

A PETITION of federal Fhherwen of the Town of Barking, in the County of Essex, in behalf of tbamfelvee, and many, others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners labour and«t ^reat Opprefliobs, by the Itnpofitious for bringing their Fish to BMmgsgate Market, contrary to Custona: and their Vessete me often damped, by great Vessels crushing them in the Dock, betides which, the Fifo-mongers oowhioe together; so that bid; Two buy up Fifo for the whole Company; and: they' moleit poor Men and Women for buying Fttbat the feiiiMeiket; to the great Difeouragemant of dm Petitioners: AM praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for mak-fog Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish, may pals; fotbat the Pfctitionersmay be relieved from the Grievance* aforesaid.

Ordered, That the said Petition do tie upon the Table until the said Bill behead a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr, ffinningtw, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Mr. Foley, Mr. Haranirt, Mr. Sir Henry

Pickering, Mr. Bamardiston, Mrl Shockerky, Mr.

kagh. Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Robert Mr.

Campion, Mr. Cook, Mr. Harley, Lord Mr,

Yates, Mr. Henley, be added to the Committee, to whom it is referred to prepare, and bring in, a Bill to make the Militia more useful.

Mr. Carter reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing James St. Piere was committed! That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; Which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; 'and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed onto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, he ingrossed.

Mr. Cook reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Charles de was committed,

That they had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Vo l. XII.

Gktifs Table: Where He feme foeoe once read through* out; tadtiton a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question feverfaily put thereupon, agreed onto by the House.' t

- i Orderid; That the I Bill, with the Amendments, be ingfofted.--' '

.'!< l! /' )r\": ' , '; h ,!

A Petition of HbdyGioaerEnquire was pnefented to Abuses in

the House; and Dead; Jetting forth, That the Petkioner K"}C?Bench hath an undoubted Right to the Office of Marshal of the Kinds 'BefackPlkbn, during his Life, under a great yearly

Rpnt; foil which be paid 2,000l. and, in 1681, he was admitted Marshal, and continued in Possession till 1686, when Sir Robert Wright coming to be Chief Justice, upon a bare, though falle, Information, That the Petkioner intended to carry away the King's. Prisoners (viz. Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Sir Trevor IVwdams, Sir Tho. PiUeing-ton, and others) without Notice to the Petitioner; swore Mr. Cook Marshal; thereby dmftdhg. the fcftitianer of his Freehold, to his utter 'Rujn: That, 1687; the said Lord Chief Justice swore in Philpottand Briggs to be Marshal, in Trust for one Farrington;who, in M 1^96, fqld the said Office to George Yttylor for ijLand, by Aire unjust Proceedings aforesaid, the Petitioner so foil kept... of the Possession of his Office,.obd lean have no Reifof by any legal Cotqfe of Law: And praying, therefore, the Relief of this House, That he may be restored to his laid Office; br that the same may be liable to make him such Satisfaction as the House shall think tit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the fold Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Gooiall is referred; and who ere to inquire into the ift Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the Bench and Fleet: And that they do examine the Matter thereof j fold report the feme, with their Opinion thereto; to the House:

A Petition of John Clements Gentleman was presented Ditto, to tjhe House, and read: setting forth, That the Petitioner is a Trustee for divers Persons, in a Mortgage of the Office of Warden of the Fleet, dated 3d 1698, for the Bom of 2,299/. That by Adk of Parliament,‘the find Office was vefied ih Truffoes, to be sold, iori Payment of the Debts thereon; which wous hocqndlngly fold; hot there was not above 250 /. paid of the Principal and Interest of the said 2,399/. And' praying to he heard before the Committee, to whom it is r^erred to inquire mtothe Abuses end ill Prafoaoes of the nd King's-B enchPriibns.

Ordered, Tlmt the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Parkhurst, from the Commissioners of Prizes, claims for presented to the House their Answer to the Matter of the Prizes. Petition of Captain Robert Fairfax.

And the Tide thereof was read:

And the Answer is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, in Parliament assembled:

The principal Commissioners for Prizes Anftoer to the Petition of Captain Robert Fairfax.

About May 1697, The Great Customs loaded with

Wines, fyc. in France.

Latter-end of June 97, Was seized by the Cornwall,

Captain Fairfax Commander.

July 2d, 1697, Brought into Plymouth.

22 September 1697, All the Goods condemned, except 1331 Tuns Three Half-Hhds. and Eight Tierces of Wine, 20 Pieces and Half a Hhd of Brandy, 22 Pieces of Molasses, 20 Fats of Prunes, 4 Tuns of Honey,

1 Tierce of Vinegar, 2 Nut-tree Planks, 4 Reams of Paper, 2 Boxes of Sweatmeets, Nine Calk of Frontineack Grapes, and 10 Calk of Rice.

25 September

8* Fetruarii.

Claims for Prizes.

49*

25 September 16^7, An Older sent down to unload, in-

ventory, and appraise, the said Goods so condemned.

12 October 1697, The Ship, and all the Goods excepted in the former Sentence, restored, by Decree of the High Court of Admiralty as belonging and appertaining to‘the Subjects of the most Serene King of except 324 Tuns of Town and High Country Wine, claimed by Elias and Charles Mandell.

14 October 1697. An Order was sent down for their

being discharged accordingly.

6 November 1697, A Certificate returned, that the Quantity of Goods landed out of her, when filled up, were viz

213 Hhds. 1 half Hhd. of White Wine.

51 Hhds. of Claret 26 Hhds. of Stum.

36 Pieces of Brandy.

5 Hhds. and 40 half Hhds of Vinegar.

57 Puncheons of Prunes.

28 Hhds. 19 Barrels' of Turpentine.

1 Calk of Cocoa.

7 Hhds. of Peas.

5 Calks and 63 Cakes of Rosin,

10 Bales of Paper.

207 Walnutrtree Planks.

16 November 1697, There was an Appraisement returned of the same Quantity; which Appraisement was made upon the Oaths of Five Men, One of whom was the Collector of the Customs at Plymouth.

9 December 1697. The 324 Tuns of Wine, formerly excepted in the Decree of Restitution, condemned.

14 December 1097. An Order sent down to unload, inventory, and appraise, the lame; but the Sub-commis. fioner advised the Ship was gone away with them, before the said Order came to his Hands: Whereupon the Commissioners deducted the Value out of the Freight, at the same Price the rest were fold; which Sum is also made good in the Account.

10 December 1697. The laid Goods were put up for Sale, by Inch of Candle, as the A ft of Parliament for the Encouragement of Privateers directs, after due Notice

Sven, as well in London, as in , where the

oods then lay; and were all fold then, with Advance upon the Appraisement to the Persons, and at the Prices, mentioned in the Account, except the Vinegar, Turpentine, Stum, Molasses, and Rosin; for which nothing was then bid, they being over appraised.

22 December 1697. The said Vinegar, Turpentine, Stum, Molasses, and Rosin, were again put up for Sale, by Inch of Candles, at a lower Rate; and then sold to the Persons, at the Prices mentioned in the Account.

28 January 1694. A Return was made of the Delivery of the Goods following, to the Buyers; viz.

210 Hhds. White Wine.

53 Hhds. of Claret 24 Hhds. of Stum.

36 Pieces of Brandy.

40 Puncheons of Molasses.

57 Puncheons of Prunes.

5 Calks and 63 Cakes of Rosin.

28 Hhds. 19 Barrels of Turpentine.

7 Hhds. of Peas.

1 Calk of Cocoa.

10 Bales of Paper, containing 100 Reams.

And afterwards another ofj Hhds. 36 Half Hhds. of Vinegar.

207 Walnut-tree Planks.

3 June 1698. A Certificate returned of the Quantities of Goods landed out of her, before they were filled up, by which the Freight was paid; being, viz.

331 Half Hhds.Jof Wme' Stum' and Peas*

44 Pieces of Brandy.

40 Puncheons of Molasses.

57 Puncheons of Prunes.

10 Bales of Paper.

207 Walnut-tree Planks.

47 Calks of Turpentine.

A. 1698,

5 Calks and 63 Cakes of Rosin.

1 Hhd. of Cocoa.

Note, Their Lois in Quantity proceeds from their folong lying on board; whereby the Hoops were rotted, and some of them flying, occasioned great Leakage; so that a great Part of them came out but a Quarter, others One 3d, foil; and, in general every one of them wanting considerably of being full; so that it took up about 15 Tuns of Wine and Stum, and 8 Pieces of Brandy, to fill up the rest; for which the Commissioners were obliged to pay Freight, it being always the Custom of Merchants so to do.

The Lois between Filling up and Delivery is not a Tun; which is but final) Leakage, considering the Time they had lain in the Cellars, and the Waste in Tailing in order to the Sale, Kc.

Note further, From the first coming in, till (he was, delivered there was always Waiters on board, as well for the Custom-house, as Excise and Prize-Office, and Locks kept on the Cellar-doors, by all Three Sets of Officers, until the Delivery to the Buyer; which was in Presence of them all; and the Quantities, by all their Accounts, agreed to be as made good.

There was also Directions always given, that the Cap- , tains, or their Agents, might put a Waiter or Waiters on board, join One or Two Appraisers in the Appraisements, be present at the Sale, and put Locks on the Cellar-doors until Delivery, if they were so pleased.

It may be for ther observed. That the 41. 5 per Tun, with the Customs, makes near 32/. per Tun; and That for Wines lying at Plymouth, which is, at least, 1 o /. per Tun Difference from the Markets at London; which, if considered, is a good Price for such Wines, that had lain so long in a penshing Condition; which rendered some of them eager, and the rest passed and decayed, for want of being filled up.

It is alleged, in the Account given in by the Captain, That there is 49 Tuns of Wine wanting; which Cannot be; for the whole Charge, by the Bills of Lading, is but 120 Tuns One Tierce; and the Commissioners make good, in their Accounts, 104^ Tuns; so there can be wanting but about 15 Tuns in all; which is not much to be admired, was used for filling up, for the Reasons aforesaid; and not only the Sweeds Seamen, who continued long on board, as well as all the Waiters, Men of War's Men, $c. could not be kept from drinking, whilst in their Power.

And as to the Rosin alleged to be wanting; it is to be believed, was contained in the 5 Hhds. for there was no Hogsheads mentioned in the Bills of Lading; and there is made good 63 Cakes and 5 Hhds; which cannot reasonably be thought but to make out the 100 contained in the Bill of Lading.

There is no Paper wanting; for there is but 10 Bales condemned; and the same Quantity is made good in the Account.

The like for the Molasses; there being but 40 Puncheons in the Bill of Lading condemned; and the same Quantity is made good in the Account.

The Brandy, which is a leaky and walling Commodity, it appears, that all the Calk condemned were landed, but One; and, when filled up, made no more than was made good in the Account

And as to the Walnut-tree Planks; there was no more found on board than the 207 made good in the Account.

As to the Difference in the Freight, and Cap-cloth, they have call it up but at 4 s.6 d. per Rix-Dollar, when-as a Rix-Dollar was worth then 5 e. by the Course of Exchange; as eminent Merchants on the Exchange, can te-flify; who gave their Opinions accordingly, before the Freight was adjusted: Besides, it is not considered, that the Goods are to bear y of Port-Charges; which is like-wile not included in the Captain's Account.

i i , Robert Murray,

Dated 7th February 1698.1 Jo. Parkhurst,

John Pafchall.

Ordered,

xo W* III- 8° — 90 Februarii. 495

Privilege.

Aylesbury

Writ.

Ships Margaret and Frieudship.

Price's

Estate.

Meure'a, &c. Nat.

Call of the Hottfe.

Poor Laws.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, and Answer, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Crow is referred.

Ordered, That Sir John Williams have Leave to withdraw his Complaint of a Breach of Privilege against him committed by Robert Jones, and others.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for she Borough of Aylesbury, in the County of Bucks.

An ingrossed Bill for the Ships and Friendship

to trade as free Ships was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Ships Margaret and Friendship, of Bristoll, to trade as free Ships.

Ordered, That Mr. Yate do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Price, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Edward Price Flquire to transfer a Charge of One thousand Pounds, for the Use of his younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the Counties of Hereford and Radnor, of a better Value: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize Abraham Meure, and others: And that Mr. Lowther do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction, That he do take care, in the said Bill, that the said Perl'ons shall not be capable of electing, or being elected, to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also. That he do take care, in the Bill, that the said Persons shall..... be any Part of the 7,000 Men mentioned in the Act for granting an Aid to his Majesty for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon Monday Sevennight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee appointed to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them'on Work; and wrho were to con-lider of all the Acts relating to the Poor, and of reducing the same into One Law; and report their Opinion therein to the House; That they had considered the lame, and inspected the Laws accordingly; and had directed him to move the House, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, that shall comprehend all the said Laws.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill comprehending all the former Laws; and for the better providing for the Poor: And that the said Committee do prepare the said Bill.

Billingsgate A Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market, for Tiih Market. Sale of Fish, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Tho. Da-vall, Mr. Cholmondty, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. St. John, Colonel Perry, Sir Henry St. John, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Cook, Sir JVrn.Drake, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Robert Do-

vers, Sir Henry Ashurst, Mr. England, Mr. Fox, Mr. Lowther, Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Winington, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mordant, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Gott, Mr. Poultney, Sir Rowland Gwynn, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Duke, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Johtison, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. Scobell, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Tilney, Sir Sir

Mr. Jervoise, Mr. Pierpoi Mr. Traverse; and all that

serve for the Counties of y Suffolk, Kent. Sttssejc, Vox.. XII.

and Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoou at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petitions, which have been presented to the House, and were ordered to lie upon the Table until the said Bill was read a Second time, be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the City of London, and Company of Fishmongers, be heard, by their Counsel, before the said Committee.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do take care, in the said Bill, for the Preservation of the Fry of all Floating and Shell-fish.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Supply, ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Resolved, That this House will, upon every Tuesday,

Thursday, and Saturday, Morning, at a Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to

consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Woollen lblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Manufacture, consider further of the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Joseph Tredenham took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Joseph Tredenham reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Februarii;

1 o# Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Gentlemen, Tradesmen, and Darwent others, inhabiting in and near the Town of Binning- Navigation. ham, in the County of Warwick, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the making the River Darwent navigable, within the County of Derby, will be of great Advantage not only to the Petitioners, but the Generality of the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, by the easy Conveyance of their ponderous Commodities, which they fend yearly to London: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, may pals into a Law.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for making the said River navigable be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Bailiffs, Bur- Ditto, geffes, and other Inhabitants of the Town of Northampton, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth.

That the Bill, depending in the House for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, if it should pals, will greatly prejudice the Petitioners; who are supplied, by Land-carriage, with Coals, Cheese, and 6 K Butter

Young's

Estate.

Sibourg's

Nat,

St. Piere's Nat.

Aliens Children to inherit.

Supprtffing Vice and Immorality.

Haslemere

Election.

494

Butter, fyc.; but then the same will be carried into other Parts, by Water; whereby the Prices will be raised at Northampton: And praying, That they may be heard against the said Bill.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill' to enable John Young Gentleman to fell Lands* for Payment

of Debts and Legacies: And that Mr. do

prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrafted Bill to naturalize Charles de Sibourg was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Charles de Sibourg and Francis St. George.

Ordered, That Mr. Cook do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrafted Bill to naturalize James St. Piere was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pais: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize James St. Piere.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father and Mother were Aliens: And that Sir Edward Hussey and Mr. Thursby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for the more effectual Suppressing of Vice and Immorality.

'Mr. Speaker left the'Chiir.

Sir John Philips took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surry, and the Reiblutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow j viz.

Upon the Petition of George Rodney . Bridges Esquire, complaining of an undue Return of Sir Theophilus Oglethorp Knight, to 'serve for the Borough of Haslemere -

That, upon the Poll, there was.

For Mr. Vernon - 33.

Sir 1'heo. Oglethorp - - 22.

Mr. Bridges 12.

But the Petitioners Counsel infilled, That several Persons were polled for Sir Theophilus that bad no Right; and that several of his Votes were procored by Gifts artd Promises.

That the Right of Election Was agreed to be in the Freeholders refient within the Borough.

That as to the Persons that had no Right to poll, they

called,

William Captaine, Robert B: Who said, That Edmund Upton had no Freehold in the Borough but in Right of his Wite: But that he had vbted in former Elections.

John Tanner said, That William Jdckson had only a small Piece of Garden, of Two or Three Rod: - But he said, The Garden had been divided Nine or Ten Years; and Jackson had voted before.

Hubert Bil/inghurst aid, That nior, and

John Carter junior, had but 205. a Year between them;

and Carter junior's Part was but Two or Three Yards

A: 16(^8.

over in the inside, not worth above 2 or 3 a Year: But both Carters had voted, at a former Election, 'for Mr. Bridges and Mr. Woodroffe.

Mr. Tamer. Mr. Markes, said, That Richard Valler senior, has a Garden, called a Cabbage-garden, about Three or Four Rod of Ground; out of which he made his Sons, Richard and Thomas, Freeholders, about 20 Years ago: And ,that the Father and Richard polled at the last Election.

William Morley said, That Edward Ryde and Matth. Hull bought the House wherein he, the said Morley, lived, and had several Interests: That he could not say when they bought the House; but they took Pofiession the Day the Writ was proclaimed.

Wm. Markes said^ That Ryde and Hull's House was drawn within the Bounds of the Borough, by Gresham, and Sir William Moore; which Sir Moor died

about a Dozen or Fourteen Years ago:

That he also testified, That Robert Ryde had only Part of a Field within the Borough; and was not a settled Housekeeper within the Borough; But did acknowledge, That Robert Ryde rented a Shop within the Borough.

Wm. Captaine said, William Ryde did agree with him for the Tythes of the Fields supposed to be in Robert Ryde's Pofiession.

That as to the Gifts and Promises; they called,

Eliz. Downes: Who said, That, (he going by Carter the Elder's Door, before the Election, foe saw Sir Oglethorp difeourfing with Carter's Wife, in the House; and Sir Theop. desired her Husband's Vote: Whereupon Ihe answering, She should anger her Friends; Sir Theophilus replied. Mother, never fear; you shall never want.

That it was opened by the Counsel, That Sir Theophil. had paid 122/. i'8 s. 3 d.upon a Decree in Chancery, wherein Ryde, and Baxter, and Valor, were Plaintiffs, to procure Votes; but the same was not made out.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel called.

Eliz. Tudman; Who said, Sir Theophilus, \oR Godly-man Fair, gave her and Goodman Shud's Daughter, each of them a Straw-hat; and said. He hoped they would be his Friends, and their Fathers gave him their Votes: and Sir Theophilus then -told her a, great many had promised him their Votes:

That her Father voted for the Petitioner; and Shud's Father voted for Sir Theophilus.

Thomas Tudman said, That he and his Brother divided a Cow between them, which his Brother had of Sir Theophilus-, and that Sir Theophilus was to have Beef for it again: That he sent Sir Theophilus Six Stone of Beef, and his Brother had the rest; but what he did with it, he did not know.

That tfre Counsel for Sir Theophilus' Oglethorp laid. They were ready to have made their Defence; but did not suppose the Evidence given for the Petitioner required any Answer.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Resolutions:

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Theophilus Oglethorp Knight is duly elected a Burgess tcrferve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of Surry.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petition of George / Bridges Esquire,

against Sir Theophilus Oglethoip, is frivolous and vexatious.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Theophilus Oglethoip Knight is duly elected a Burgess to lerve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Haslemere, in the County of SuiTy;

Resolved, thatt the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And

cf Februarii.

Ludgershall

Election.

A person to attend.

Slate of the Navy.

Committees.

Duty on Leather.

Claims for Prizes.

Io W. III.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Refohition, That the Petition of George Rodney Bridges Esquire, against Sir Theophilus Oglethorp, is frivolous arid vexatious;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

}-54.

Tellers for the Npes,{{^d^£ j, 3g<

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Repprt from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Ludgershall in the County of Wilts, be made

Tomorrow Morning.

The House being informed, That Captain Price attended, according to Order;

Ordered, That the said Captain Price do attend the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further . the'State of the Navy: And that the Examination of him be referred to the find Committee.

Then the House, according to the Order of the Day, relieved itself into the said -Committee of the whole House.

Mr.Speaker left the'Chair.

1 Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. 'Boyle reported ‘from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progressinfoe Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Houfdm, Mr- Hamond, Sir John Philips, Sir Fra. Brake,

Colonel Perry, Mr. England, Sir Francis Flake, ^Ir.(Cw^?

Mr. Foley, Sir fho, J Qqaall, Sir Robert Efn, Sir Bodes, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Edyo. Hussey, Mr. Blaalce, Mr.

Dypt, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Carter, Mr. York, Mr,

Hopkins, Mr. Vqrnon, Mr. Duke, Mr. Lowndes, Mr.

Hoblyn: And they ere to meet this Afternoop, at five a Clock, in foe Speaker'^Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bib f°F Darcy's Sale of some Part of the Estate of Thomas Darcy, de- Estate. ceased, for Payment of Debts: And that Mr. Hamond and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Rill for continuing a former Act, for jthe Yarmouth clearing, preserving, maintaining, and Repairing, the Harbour. Haven' and Pier of Great Yqrmouf }i, in the County of ' Norfolk, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be. An Act for the clearing, repairing, preserving, and maintaining, the Haven and Piers of 'Yarmouth, in ;the County of Norfoffc.

Ordered, That Mr- England do carry the Bill to the iLords, apd desire thqir Concurrence foereunto.

A Petition of several of the Owners and Occupiers of Darwent Lwds, adjpiping to that Part of the River Darwent, in Navigation, the County of Derby, below Derby, was presented to the Ho.ufo,..apd read, setting forth, That the Petitioners conceive, foe , Bili, depending in the House, for making the Paid River navigable, will be a general Good, and no Prejudice to ,the Petitioners, or any other Owners of Land; ,so that the Undertakers be pbliged to make Satis-fifetion for what Damages shall be done, so loon as the Tapie shall be afierted: Apd praying, That the said Bill ,nqay pats, with such p. proviso, of such' others as the jlojufc flia.ll think fit.

Ordered, That the.laid Pptition do lie upon . Table Ciptfo foe said pill be^ea^l a Second time.' 1

And then the House adjourned till -To-morrow A Petition of the Qbntlemcn apd Freeholders in the Ditto. Morning, Eight a Clock. ;County of was presented to the House, and read;

.setting forth, That the Petitioners are veflty ‘persuaded,

' ' 7 1 7 ‘ ' ~~ that the making of the River Darwent, in the said County,

Veneris, 10* die Februarii; navigable, will be a general Advantage to that County:

.. , And praying. That the Bill, depending in the House for

io° Guliefmi Tertu. foat Purpose, may pass into an Act.

Prayers. Ordered, That foe Laid' Petition do lie upon the Table

A PETITION of foe Company of Tanners, Leather- . fojiVfoe Bill for making the said River navigable be read drelfers, and Shoemakers, ,of foe City and County a Second time, of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and

read; setting forth, That, the Manufaaure of Leather An ingrafted pill for foe general Quiet of the Subject Defrftive employs as many People as most Trades in England :but, against all Pretence of Concealments whatsoever was read 1 ,tles-by reason of the Duty upon Leather, which must be paid > She Third, tjme.

in ready Money, the same is much decreed; apd, their -And feyerpl Amendments were successively proposed Stocks being but small, they canpot give Credit,.as for- to be made;

merly, to their Chapmpn: so that, infcafe the said J>uty . Press *. L. *. to leave out "from and after," and be continued, the Petitioners and their Families, are like inftedd thereof, to insert, " next before: ' to be reduced to the utmost Extremity: And praying, Prese 4. L. to leave out " aforesaid:

That their Trades may be as free from Taxes and Penal- Press 5. L« *. to insert "before that time

ties ;as their Fellow-Subjects are in their. Trades. L. *. to leave out " his," and insert " their

Ordered, That foe said Petition (jo lie upon the Table. -And fop feme were, upon the Question severally put

' ' . thereupon,; agreed qqto by the House; and the Bill '

A Petition ot john Reilly, John Stanton, and James amended abthe Table acqordingly.;

Rogers, was presented to the House, and read; setting RThat foe j Bill do pals: And that the Title

forth, That the Petitioners are empowered by several of he, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subject against

the Company, late of his Majesty's Ship Anglesea, to re- Pretences of Concealments, Incroachments, or other

cover their Shares of Prizes due to them; and the Pe- defective Tides.

titioners have Proof, foat 65Q/J Part of their Shares, hath Ordered, That Sir Richard Cocks do carry foe Bill to

been detained by Contrivance between Willipm Caldwell, the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

their Captain, and Seaborn Buckcridge, Accountant of the

Prize-Office: And praying Relief therein. O, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for Andrew's Ordered, That foe Confederation of the said Petition Sale of the Manor of Downham, in the County of Essex, Estate. be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Estate of Sir Francis Andrews; and for buying and the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their settling other Lands to foe same Uses: And that Sir Opinion therein, to the House: Charles Bairington and Mr. Carter do prepare, and

And it is referred to Lord Cornburu, Sir James bring in, the Bill.

Vo l.XII. . - A Petition

496 io Februarii. A. 1698.

Pcmyn A Petition of James Vernon junior, Esquire, was pre-

'e lon* fented to the House and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, and Alexander Pendarvis Esquire, Hood Candidates at the last Election of a Burgess for Penryn, in the County of Cornwall; when the Mayor refofed to poll several for the Petitioner, who had a Right to poll; and admitted others to poll for Mr. Pendarvis, that had no Right; and many, who declared their Intentions to vote for the Petitioner, were, by indirect Practices, prevailed upon to vote for Mr. Pendarvis; who hath procured himself to be returned, upon Pretence of having a Majority of Two Voices; though the Petitioner had the Majority of legal Voices, according to the Rule settled at the taking of the Poll: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Abuses in the a Petition of Henry Corbett was presented to the King 1 Yard. House, anc| rea(j; setting forth, That divers notorious Frauds have been committed by divers Contractors, and Officers, belonging to the King's Yards; and particularly by one Suffeild, Anchor-smith, at Portsmouth; who, in One Year had at least 60 Tons of Iron, worth 1,800l. allowed him, more than he delivered for the King's Use; and, at other times. Iron-work has been carried from Suffeild's, and weighed, and charged to the King, and afterwards carried back again to and then again

charged to the King; and so several times, for the same Goods, before they were continued for his Majesty's Service; and the Clerks, being Sharers with have

charged much greater Quantities in Weight than were delivered: And that, upon Searches made, divers Stores were found in the Shop of one Light, who is Suffeild's Foreman, marked with the broad Arrow: And though the several Facts appeared, upon Examination, by several of the Commissioners of the Navy; yet Suffeild, through the NegleCk, or Mismanagement, of the Solicitor of the Admiralty, who has had above 25,000l. for Prosecutions, and not One convicted, was only tried upon One Indictment; and upon other Indictments, found by the Grand Jury at Winchester, he has procured a Noli by

the Desire, or Consent, of the Lords of the Admiralty, or their Solicitor; so that Suffeild is thereby like to go unpunished for the said Facts, to the Encouragement of others to do the like, unless some Care be taken by the House therein: And praying the House to take the Matters into Examination; which he is ready to prove; and appeals to Henry Greenhill Esquire, a Member of the House, as to the Truth thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Leave of Ordered, That Colonel Cornwall have Leave to go Absence. into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Oceofions.

Value of Gold Ordered, That the Commissioners of Trade do lay be-and Silver. fore (jjg House such Observations as they have made, in relation to the difference of the Value of Gold and Silver.

Members not Ordered, That every^Member of this House, when he t Stand in comes into the House, do take his Place, and not stand Passage, &c. jn Passage as he comes in, or goes out, or fit or stand in any of the Passages to the Seats, or in the Passage behind die Chair, or elsewhere, that is not a proper Place.

Members Ordered, That no Post-Letters, directed to any Mem-Letters. bers of the House, be delivered out until after the Rising of the House.

Privilege of A Petition of IVUliamHunt Gentleman, on behalf of a Member in himself, and others, was presented to the House, and ' UIt‘ read; setting forth, That Michael Weeks a Mem-

ber of this House, being formerly a Receiver of the Customs for Plantation-Goods, is Debtor to the King in above 30,000l. as appears by Auditor Bridges' Accounts

Hated; and, no Effects being found of Mr. Weeks, the King was like to lose his said Debt, till the Petitioners, upon the Lords of the Treasury agreeing to allow them One-third, undertook to discover a considerable Ellate of his; and have extended to the Value of 20,000l.; but can proceed no further, by reason Mr. Weeks infills upon his Privilege of Parliament: And praying, That the House will oblige the said Mr. Weeks to wave his Privilege.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to officers restrain the Number of Officers fitting in this House: fitting in the And that Mr. Edward Harly, Sir Ricluird Onslow, and House.

Mr. How, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill. '

Ordered, That Mr. Isaackson, a Member of this House, a Member do attend this House, in his Place, immediately. expelled for

And he, being come into the House, was heard in his ®fS*Ptin8 Place. °ffic,‘

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles, Sir John Leveson Gower,

Sir Robert Napper, Mr. Hammond, do go immediately to

the Stamp-Office, and bring with them the last Commission for managing the first Duties; and the Commission for managing the additional Duties upon stamped Vellum, Parchment, and Paper; and inspect the Books, what Personsbave acted since the additional Duties were granted; and report the same to the House.

Mr. Isaackson being withdrawn into the Speaker's Chamber;

Ordered That Candles be brought in Candles.

And they were brought in accordingly.

Then a Question being proposed, That James Isaackson Esquire, having since his being elected to serve in this Parliament been concerned, and acted as a Commissioner, in managing the Duties upon Vellom, Paper, and Parchment, contrary, to the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting several Duties upon Salt, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, be expelled this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the }

Tellers for the 6*

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the Serjeant was directed to go into the Speaker's Chamber, and acquaint Mr. Isaackson, That if he had any thing more to offer to the House, they were ready to hear what he had to say.

Whereupon Mr. Isaackson, came down into the House, and was again heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

Resolved, That James Isaack/bn Esquire, having, since his being elected to serve in this Parliament, been concerned, and acted as a Commissioner, in managing the Duties upon Vellom, Paper, and Parchment, contrary to the ACk, made in the 5 th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting several Duties upon Salt, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, be expelled this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to- Banbury the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Wrh‘ the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Banbury, in the County of Oxon, in the room ot James Isaackson Esquire, expelled this House.

Ordered,

ioW.III. 10° — ii°

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who were appointed to go to the Stamp-Office, be made Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

Darwent Ordered, That the Bill to make the River in

Navigation, the County of Derby, navigable, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Ludgerihall Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Lledion. Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Ludgershall, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Committee* Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, IT;

io* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray f.rs.

Apprehend- /ORDERED, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill

ing Felons. for the encouraging the Apprehending of House-breakers, Horse-stealers, and other Felons: And that Mr.

Dyot, Mr. Lowndes, and Colonel do prepare,

and bring in, the Bill.

Liverpoole A Petition of the Inhabitants of

Parish. West-Derby, Kirby, Formby, Bootle cum Linacre,

ton, and Kirkdak, within the Parish of Walton, in the County of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Bill, depending in this House, for making the Town and Liberties of Liverpoole a distinct Parish from Walton, will be a great Prejudice to the Petitioners; for that the Church of Walton is in great Decay, and must be repaired, lb often as Occasion requires, at the Charge of the remaining Part of the Parish, which they are not so well able to do: And praying, That, if the said Bill do pals, such Provision may be made therein as to subject the new Parish of Liverpoole to the Repairs of Walton Church, as they now are.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed;.

It passed in the Negative.

Bffliogtg&te Ordered, That Mr. Papillon, Sir Thmjias Cook, Mr.

Fish Market. Shallet, Sir Francis Blake, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Har-court, Sir John Fleet, Sir Mr. Clayton, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market, for the Sale of Fish, is committed.

Doty on A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Shoemakers,

Leather. Glovers, Curriers, Sadlers, Collar-makers, Leather-dressers, and other Artificers in Leather, within the ancient Borough and Corporation oiEast Retford, in the County of Nottingham, and other adjacent Places, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is insupportable to the Petitioners, who daily find their Trades to decrease thereby; and will be their utter Ruin, if not speedily relieved; lor that they are forced to fell their Goods cheaper now than before the Duty; and to give Credit, though they must pay down the Duty upon Salt: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto* A Petition of the Tanners, Leather-dressers, Skinners, Glovers, and Cordwainers, in the Borough of Marlborough, Town of Ramsbury, and Parts adjacent, in *the County of Wilts, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Duty upon Leather, the Petitioners are very much burdened, their Trades decayed, and them, and their Families, like to be utterly ruined: And Tot. XII.

Februarii. . 49*7

praying the House to consider their deplorable Condition, and grant them feme Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tabid.

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Gloverk, and White Duty on Leather-dressers, within the ancient Town and County of Leathe,v the Town of Nottingham, was presented to the' House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty now payable upon Leather is so great, and their Trades so decayed thereby, that they are reduced to very great Poverty; inso much that feme have been forced to leave off their Trades, and live on the Charity of their Neighbours:

And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off,‘or feme other Relief provided, such as the House 'shall think fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table; -

Ordered, That Leave be given td bring in a Bill to Suppressing suppress the Royal-Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries: Lotteries*

And that Mr. Ferry, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Sir Clayton, and Mv.Ojfley, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.*

A Petition of Thomas Methwold Esquire, and Jane Methw«ld*« his Wife, was presented to the House, and read; setting Eftato-forth, That, upon the' Petitioners Intermarriage, a Settlement was made upon Mrs. Methwold, of barely 200/, per Annum, which the Petitioner Thomas has improved to 283 /. per Annum, settled Rent; but has contracted

about 1,200l. Debts, in doing thereof; which he cannot raise on the said Premises, without an Act of Parliament:

And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to raise the 1,200l. upon Security of the 83/. per Annum, over and above the said 200 /. per Annum, settled as aforesaid.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Kill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Haixey do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Merchants, Clothiers. Hamborough and other Traders, in the Woollen Manufactures of the Company. City of Exon, and Parts adjacent, was presented to the-.

House, and read; setting forth, That since the Freedom of Trade in the Exportation of our English Woollen Manufactures, That Trade has much increased, and great Numbers of our Poor have been employed therein; and, firice the late War, they have found a sensible Happiness in such Freedom, by lading their Goods on board in the Western Ports, and fending them directly to Germany; thereby laving the Charge and Delay of fending them to London for Exportation; by which means also a speedy Consumption, and a good Price, is had by the Multiplicity of Buyers: And praying, That the Woollen Manufactures may not be confined to the private Interest of any particular Society of Men; but that the Petitioners may enjoy the free Liberty of their utiial Exportation of those Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Clothiers of Leeds, relating to the Hamborough Company, is referred: And that the said Report be made in a full House.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Stradling have Leave to Leave of go into the Country for Six Weeks, his Lady being ill, and Absence. upon extraordinary Occasions. -ryl

Ordered, That Admiral Hobjon have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Fishermen of the Borough of Har- Billingsgate wich, in the County of Essex, was presented to the House Fish Market, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are extremely discouraged, and impoverished, by the Abuses at Billingsgate Market, committed by the London Fishmongers; who, being in a Combination, fend butTwo or Three Fishmongers to the Market, and set what Price they please upon the Fish, because no other Person must buy them; so that the FHhmongers must have them, or else they 6 (i L must

49s

11° Februarii. , A. 1698.

l.udgerihall

Elemon.

must perish in the Petitioners Hands, who receive many other Abuses: And praying, That the Pill depending in the House, for making Billmgsgatea free Market, for the

Sale of Fish may pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Sir RowlandGwynn, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of in

the County of Wilts, as it appeared to the Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of John Webb Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Tho. Neale Esquira, to feme for Ludgershall,

That the Candidates at this Election were Mr. Kent, Mr. Neal, and the Petitioner.

Upon the Poll there were.

For Mr. Kent ----- 71.

For Mr. Neal ----- 58.

For Mr. Webb ----- 47,

But the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, That they could strike off many of Mr. Neal's Voters; and that several corrupt Ways had been made use of to gain Votes for Mr. Neale: And for that they called,

John Hilton: Who said, Mr. Neal feat 50 to

f ershall, by his Servant Fransham, a little before the last 'arliament was dissolved: And that he said,

and one Bullock, who was Mr. Neal's Agent, disposed of

it by iO£. apiece, to any Man that would vote for Mr. Neal: That Two or Three Days before the Writ came out, the said Hilton himself^ and Richard Hilton, Thomas Muster, Edward Crouch, and Thomas Dewy, received 10s. apiece; and that he saw 10 or 12/. paid, at 10 a Man; and that he himself put down his Mark to a Paper, the Contents whereof was a Promise to vote for Mr. Neal: And said, He would not have voted for Mr. Neal, but far the 10s. he received; thoqgb he acknowledged he had voted for Mr* Neal at a former Election: And that Isaac Fdmore and George Marsh were refilled the 10 s.because they would not fat their Hands.

Richard Hilton said, That he gave his Brother Order to sign for him a Paper, that he would vote for Mr. Neale: And that he received 10s. from his Brother, otherwise would not have voted for Mr. Neale; though he acknowledged he had voted several times formerly for Mr. Neale.

Richard Crouch said, That Mr. Bullock Tent him 10 s. by Robert Dewy, to vote for Mr. Neal; but he few no Paper, nor gave any Order about setting his Name: That Mr. Bullock, before he received it, tola him, He would fend him same Money: And that, if it had not been for the 10 s. he would not have voted for Mr. Neal.

Isaac Filmore said, That Bullock, about Three Days before the Parliament was dissolved, offered him 105. if he would sign; but he refused the 105. because he would not promise his Vote; and Mr. Bullock said, They gave il to none but Friends.

Geo. Noyce said, That Charles Bullock promised him 10^. if he would sign to be for Mr. Neale; but be refused; and then Bullock told him, He should not have it: That he did not fee any body sign; That Richard Edwards took 10 s. and voted for Mr. Neal and Mr. Kent.

Geo. Noyce further said, That, about Three Days before the Election, he had 205. offered him by Mr. Beal, Mr. Neal's Friend, to be for Mr. Neal; but he, the said Noyce, voted for Mr. Kent and Mr. Webb.

George Bagnold said, That the Night before the Election, Mr. Bullock gave Tho. Cox 10 s. of Mr. Neal's Money to throw away his Vote from Colonel; and accordingly he voted for Sir Thomas Kimbury.

Colonel W ebbfenior said, That his Son, finding himself 2.5

disappointed, taxed Mr. Neal publickly with giving Money; and Mr. Neal said. If you mean by it, giving the 105. apiece, I own it.

That the Petitioner's Counsel then proceeded to the Right of Election: And, as to that, they called,

Mr. Edward Flory, the Bailiff: Who produced the original Poll; at the Top of which was writ, ‘ That, before any Proceeding was made to Election, it was declared, and agreed, by the Freeholders, Leaseholders, and other Inhabitants, of the said Borough, and the Candidates at the said Election, That no Party, not inhabiting within the said Borough, hath, or ought to have, any Vote or Votes in choosing the said Burgesses:' Which Declaration and Agreement was subscribed by all the Three Candidates:

That the said Flory said, There were a great many Queries upon the Poll: That some Persons affirmed the Right to be in the Freeholders; but since his time the Inhabitants have been admitted; and accordingly he made the Return: Yet he acknowledged, Mr. Neale had a greater Number of the Freeholders than the Petitioner; however, the Petitioner said, He would petition: That Four Persons, who have Freeholds within the Borough, but live out; viz. Richard Erie, Chr. Newman, John Hook, and Robot Noyce, would have polled for Colonel Webb and Mr. Kent, but were refused: And that he has known Oot-Burgesses sent for to vote; and has known the Inhabitants at large sometimes refused, and sometimes admitted.

Edward Erie, John Bait, John Hilton, Richard Hilton; who had known Ludgershall for a great many Years (especially Batt, who said, He had known about Threescore Years): And they said, That the Right was in those that had Freeholds, or Freehold Leases:

And Erie said. When he was Bailiff, he aftsed accordingly; only, at Oxford Parliament, he made a double Return, to satisfy Mr. Neal, thinking it fittest for the Parliament to determine it: And when Mr. Chute flood with Mr. Neal, in King Charles the lid's Reign, Mr. Neal carried it by the Freeholders and Freehold Leases: That he has known Out-Freeholders to vote upon Contests; and never denied till upon an Election or Two last past: —

Hilton said. He had heard his Father (who had been dead 20 Years) say 100 times, That he never gave a Vote, having only a Chattel-Lease: —

Erie and Hilton said, That the Out-Freeholders had likewise a Right, though the Freeholders of the Town pretended to keep them out:

And Hilton said, That Mr. Neal had formerly sent for John Law, and John Batt, and his Son, who were Out Freeholders, to come to Lurgcrsh to vote for him. That, to disqualify several Persons that voted for Mr.

Neal, the Counsel called,

John Hilton: Who said. That Samuel Marsh, Robert Hutchins, John Penton junior, Matth. Monday, Roger Barrett, John Penton senior, Richard Blackmore, bert Kenton, Robert Dewy, Edward Joyles, Edward Biggs, John Lanskett, Cha. Bullock, Evan Darnel, Edward Batt, John Betridge, Tho. Pafcall, Tho. Jetyjunior,

were no Freeholders.

That the Counsel for the Sitting-Member Mr. Neale differed with the Petitioners in point of Right of Election; and urged, That the Petitioner was bound by his own Agreement, before the Election: And also produced a Resolution of the House, 03 May t66o, by which the House agree with the Committee of Privileges and Elections, That the Freeholders and Inhabitants have Right to elect:

That as to the fending down 50 /. and disposing of it by 105. apiece, Mr. Neale's Counsel did not deny, but that 105. was given to several Persons; but said, It wa6 before the Dissolution of the last Parliament, and without any Condition: And called,

Richard Franfom: Who owned, That he carried down 50/. to Ludgershall, from Mr. Neal, with Orders to take

up

io W. III. ii° Februarii.

4 99

up Bills, and forbid further Expences and to distribute it amongst the Inhabitants, at io$. a Man: And that he invited the Inhabitants to a publick House; where Mr. Derby and Mr. Bullock were present: And

Rich. Franfom, John Derby, and Cha. Buttock, Paid,

That they gave, on the Sixth of July, to about seventy Persons io$. apiece; but the Money was given to any Housekeeper indifferently, as a Token of Mr. Neal's Love, and to drink his Health; and none were refuled; and that no Agreement was made with any for Votes, or Paper offered to be signed; only Richard Franfom put down the Names of those he gave io$. to, that he might give an Account how he had disposed of the Money:

Franfom Paid, That Wince refused to take 10 s. and yet voted for Mr. Neale; and one had it, who voted

for Mr. Webb and Mr. Kent:

Bullock said, That Noyce might have had 10 s. but he refuted it, laying, He did not know whether he should be for Air. Neal: That several had it that voted against Mr. Neale; some had it that voted for him; and others had it that gave no Vote: That Franfom left 5 /. in his Hands when he left the Town; and Richard Edwards and John Daw received lor. apiece of him, after Fran-fom left Lurgershall; but he distributed to none after that Night: And that Colonel Webb made no Otye&ion at the time of the Poll.

Richard Eduards, John Daw, Paid, They were present when Bullock offered the 10a. to Noyce', and that Noyce was not asked for his Vote; but Noyce refused, saying, He did not know whether he should be for Mr. Neal s Friend; whereupon Bullock told him. He might have it however.

John Bettridge, John Daw, said, That after the Poll was ended, and when the Bailiff declared Mr. Neal feirly elected, the Petitioner said, Then he had fairly loft it

That as to Corruption, by the Petitioner; the Counsel called,

John Newman: Who said, Richard Erie, of Chute, proffered to make his Day's Work (he being a Bricklayer) worth Two Guineas, if he would vote for Mr.

Maty Belston Paid, Her Father had & Vote; and that, Two or Three Days before the 0ection, the Petitioner, in the Street, offered her a Guinea, to engage her Father to give the Petitioner his Vote» but the Petitioner did not shew her the Guinea.

John Daw said, That Colonel Webb asked him for his Vote; and then went to his, the said Daw's, Wife, being in the same Room, and told her. If her Husband would vote for him, he would keep his Child that was the Petitioner's Godson.

John Bettridge said, That Two Days before the Election, be was offered by Batt (who used to keep the Petitioner Company) a Load of Straw, to be for the Petitioner; but he laid, He voted for Mr. Neal and Mr. Kent.

John Newman laid, That Colonel Webb senior, the Night after the Election was ended, bound over Four that voted for Mr. Neal, without any Reaibn, that he knew; viz.himself, Richard Edwards, Edward Crouch,

and Pafcall.

Rickard Mufprat said, He had Mr. Neal's 10 s. given him freely, when the rest received: That he voted for Colonel Webb and Mr. Kentand few nobody lign any Paper.

That Mr. Neal's letter was produced by his own Counsel, writ to Mr. Bullock, dated the 5th of July 1698, and read: Which was wrote in these Words;

Mr. Bullock,

This comes to put an immediate End to all Expence in the Town, left any should be made after the Writs come out, which absolutely would spoil all; and it is not yet known when they will: Pray assist the Bearer in taking the Bills from each House, for what's past; which I will pay, but no growing Expence: But, the better to enable such as will to drink my Health, I have lent each Vo 1.. XII.

Voter, that will accept it, Half a Piece, for that Purpose: Ludgerrtmll I thank you for your Kindness, attd am, EUttioa.

July the 5th, 1698. Your very lovingfVtertd,

Tho. Neale i

Pray dispatch Fttinfbiti so early, that he may come rartof the Way baekon Wednesdayi for he limit be tAfefhdrfday, before Night.

And that* Upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Refolotiert#; via.

Refbhed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee

That the Right of ete&ing Members to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Lttdgereha U,in the County of Wilts, is in the Freeholders and Inhabitants, not recei ving Alms.

2d. Refolded, That it fe the Opinion of this Committee, Thbt Tho. Nttil Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Lurgershall.

3. Refolded, That it B the Opinion of this Committee; That John Webb Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this prefect Parliament for the Borough of Lurgershall.

The First Resolution being tead h Stertmfl time;

Ah Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " the Freeholders andl Inhabitants, not fe- trerving Alms,*, and ihferting, instead thereof, " such " Persons who have any Estate' of Inheritance, or Preehold, or Leasehold, determinable upon Lite or Lives,

" within the Borough:"

And the feme Was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed urtto by the House.

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said ftefoiution, fb amended. That the Right of electing Members to serve In Parliament for the Borough of Lttrgershalt, in the County of Wilts, is in such Persons who have any Estate of Inheritance, or Freehold, or Leasehold determinable upon Life or Lives, within the Borough.

The 2d and 3d Resolutions, being feveraHy read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House upon Monday Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Lurgershall.

Sir John Lewefon Gower reported from the Committee; commission-who were appointed to go to the Stamp-Office, and bring era of Sump with them the last Commission for managing the First Offico. Duties, and the Commission for managing the additional Duties, upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper; and to inspect the Books, what Persons have a€ted since the additional Duties were granted; 'that they had brought the said Commission, ana inspected the Books, and taken an Accourtt of what Persons had acted since the ift of August last, when the said additional Duties commenced; which Account he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered the fame, and the Commissions, in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the Teste of the Commissions, and Commissioners Names, and the said Account, were read.

The Teste of the First Commission was the 21 6° Willielmi 8$ Maria, to Chr. Mountague Esquire, John Stanley Esquire, Edward Lloyd Esquire, Hettry Cornish Esquire, Henry Harris, Jacob Fonderesk, and James

Isaackson, Gentlemen.

The Teste of the 2d Commission was 30 Sept, to

lielmi, and made to John Stanley Esquire, Edward Lloyd Esquire, Hen. Garnish Esquire, Henry Harris, Jac- Van-deresk. Jam. Isaackson, Gentlemen, and Thomas

ton Eftjuire.

The Report, being read, is as followed!; viz.

Monday the ift of August 1698. The new additional Duty on damped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, commenced.

Tuesday the 2d of August, We find present these Com-raisiioners; Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Vanderqfch, Mr. Isaackson,

Mr. Stanley.

August

Persons col-ledlingTaxcSj See.

Receivers of Taxes, &c.

Commissioners of Treasury, Sec.

Hamburgh

Company.

500 ii° — 13® Februarii. A. 1698.

August the 4th, Present, only, Mr. Harris, Mr. Isaackson.

August the 6th, Present, Mr. Vanderesk, Mr. Stanley, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Isaackson, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mountague.

August the 9th, Present, all the Seven Commissioners; viz. Mr. Harris, Mr. Isaackson, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Cornish, Mr. Vanderesk, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Mountague.

August the 16th, All the Seven Commissioners again present; and, from that time to the 4th of 1098,

all these Seven frequently a€ted; and were all present, and atted that Day; and from thence to the 9th of February last, all the afore-mentioned Commissioners, except Mr. Mountague, who was then succeeded by Colonel Farrington, frequently acted.

Tuesday 31 January last, Were present, Mr. Harris, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Vanderefch, Mr. Isaackson.

Tuesday the 7th February last, Were present, Mr. Lloyd, Mr. Harris, Mr. Vanderefch, Mr. Farrington.

Thursday the 9th of February, Were present, Mr. Cornish, Mr. Vanderefch, Mr. Farrington, Mr. Harris, Mr. Stanley, and Mr. Lloyd: Which is the last Day the Commissioners fat and acted.

Ordered, That Henry Cornish Esquire do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Christopher Mountague Esquire do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That a List be laid before this House of the Names of all Persons concerned in the farming, collecting, or managing, any Sums of Money, Duties, or other Aids, granted by the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, or any other A made in the same Session of Parliament, or since.

Ordered, That the said Lift be laid before this House, by the Clerk of the Signet attending, upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House, upon Monday Morning next, a List of the Receivers of any Sums of Money, Duties, or other Aids, granted by the said Act made in the 5th and 6th Year of his Majesty's Reign, or any other Act made that Session of Parliament, or since.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do also lay before this House, upon Monday Morning next a List of the Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury, Commissioners of the Customs, and Commissioners of Excise, at the Time of the making the said Act in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign; and of the present Commissioners.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 13® die Februarii;

Ti* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

THE Lord Downe reported from the Committee, to whom was referred the Consideration of the Petitions of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Clothworkers, in Leeds and Halifax, and elsewhere, in the West Riding in the County of York, That they had considered the same accordingly; and had heard several Persons, in order to make good the Suggestions of the Petitions; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

liefolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the House be moved, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for establishing the Company of Merchants-Adventurers of England, and prote6ting the Members

thereof in the Enjoyment of their Privileges, exclusive of all Foreigners, only in Germany, upon proper Terms, Conditions, and Regulations.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consideration in a full House.

A Petition of the Tanners, Glovers, Leather-dressers, 8$c. of the Hie of Wight, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is not only very burdensome, to the Decay of their Trades, but the continual Trouble, Charge, and Loft of Time, in carrying their Goods to Market, and the Severity of swearing to the Value of them, before they know what their Goods will yield, with many other Hardships upon the Petitioners, is not to be borne: And praying the Relief of this House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Company of Whit-tawers, Glovers, and others dealing in Leather, within the City of Bristoll, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Duty of 15/. perCent. upon Leather, hath caused a great Decay of the Petitioners Trades; and especially with Ireland, which used to supply them with raw Skins, now carry them to Holland, France, and Spain, where they now make Gloves as well, and cheaper, than we can; by which means, our Work-folks will convey themselves thither, for Employment, as they have in the Woollen Manufacture, removed to Ireland; lb that those Countries will supply foreign Markets, which used to be supplied by England: And this Diversion of Trade is occasioned by the great Duty on imported raw Hides and Skins from Ireland; which is 30/. pet'Cent, and, after its being made into Leather, pays 15 per Cent, more; which has so impoverished some of the Petitioners, that they are forced to follow other Employments for a Livelihood: And praying, That the said several Duties may be taken off; whereby the Poor will be employed, and foreign Markets supplied with our Manufactures.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Clerk of the Crown attended j and amended the Return for the Borough of Lurgershall, in the County oiWilts, by rafing out the Name of Thomas Neale Esquire, and inserting the Name of John Webb Esquire, instead thereof.

A Petition of the Gentlemen Freeholders, Maltsters, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Mansfield, in the County of Nottingham, and Places adjacent, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Mansfeild is the principal trading Town in the said County, especially in Malt; which they fend into Cheshire, Lancashire, and other Parts; in the Carriage whereof many Hundred Families arc maintained: That, if the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, should be made navigable, Mansfield cannot be supplied with Corn; for that the same will be fetched by Water to Derby, the Trade of Mansfield, and the Support of its circumjacent Country, which is generally barren, will be loft: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, may not pass, it being rather for a general Detriment than Good.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Bailiffs, and Commonalty, of the City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are well assured, that the Trade of the said City, and Parts adjacent, would be very much facilitated and increased, if the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, were made navigable; and that the same will, undeniably, prove to the Advancement of Trade in general: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, may pass into an Act, it being for the publick Good. '

Ordered,

Duty cm Leather.

Ditto.

Lurgershall

Return

amended.

Darwent

Navigation

Ditto.

11W. III. , i30 Fehru 5

Ordered That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Commit- Mr. Gauntlet, from the Signet-Office, presented to the

Treat* Ltoufe a List of the Persons concerned in the farming,

ury' c* collecting, or managing, any Sums of Money, Duties, or other Aids, granted by the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, or any other Act made in the same Session, or since; so far a6 it appears by the Docket-Books of the Signet.

And the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Lords Commissioners of the Treasury.

May 1694.

A Commission to authorize and appoint the Right Honourable Sidney Lord Godo, Sir Stephen Fox, Knight, Charles Montague, Esquire, Sir William Trumbull, Knight, and John Smith Esquire, Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer.

October 1695. A like, to authorize and appoint the Right Honourable Sidney Lord Godolphin, Sir Stephen Fox Knight, Charles Mountague, and John Smith, Esquires,

Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer.

May 1696. A like, to authorize and appoint Sidney Lord Godolphin, Sn Stephen Fox Knight, Charles Mountague, and John Smith, Esquires, and Sir Thomas Littleton Baronet, Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Exchequer.

May 1697. A like Commission to authorize and appoint Charles Mountague Esquire, Sir Fox Knight, John Smith Esquire, Sir Tko. Baronet, and Tho.

Pelham Esquire, Commissioners for executing the Office of Treasurer of the Excliequer.

Commissioners of the Customs.

August 1694. A Constitution of Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Robert Southwell, Knights, Charles Godolphin Esquire, Sir Walter Young Baronet, James Chadwick, and Samuel Clark, Esquires, Commissioners of the Customs.

April 1696. A like to Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Patience Ward, Sir Robert Southwell, Knights, Charles Godolphin Esquire, Sir Walter Young Baronet, James Chadwick, Samuel Clark, and Benjamin Overton, Esquires, Commissioners of the Customs.

May 1697. A like, to Charles Godolphin Esquire, Sir Walter Young Baronet, James Chadwick Esquire, Sam. Clark Esquire, Benj. Overton Esquire, Sk John Austen Baronet, and Robert Henly Esquire, Commissioners of the Customs.

June 1697. A like, to Charles Godolphin Esquire, Sir Walter Young Baronet, Sam. Clerk, Benjamin,

Esquires, Sir Hen- Hobart Knight and Baronet, Sir John A uslen Baronet, and Robert Henly Esquire, Commissioners of the Customs.

August 1698. A like, to Charles Godolphin Esquire, Sir Walter Young Baronet, Samuel Clerk Esquire, Benj. Over-ton Esquire, Sir Henry Hobart Knight and Baronet, Sir John Austen Baronet, Robert Henly Esquire, and Sir liam Si. Quintin Baronet, Commissioners of the Customs. September 1698. A like, to Charles Godolphin Esquire, Sir Walter Young Baronet, Samuel Clerk, Benj. Overton, Esquires, Sit John Austen Baronet, Robert Henly Esquire, and Sir Wm. St. Quintin Baronet, Commissioners of the Customs.

December 1697. Richard Esquire made

Receiver-General of the Customs.

William Strong, Edward Clark, John Darners, Fbot On- commis-shno, and Phil. Meadows, Esquires, to be Commissioners Goners of the of the Excise. TreafUjy.&c'.

June 1696. A like, to Sir Stephen Evance, Sir John Foch, Knights, Fran. Parry, William Edward

Clark, John Danvers, Foot Onslow, Philip Meadcrwes, and Tho. Everard, Esquires, to be Commissioners of the Excise.

August 1698. A like, to Edward Clark,

Phil. Meadows, Tho. Everard, Esquires, Sir William Ashurst, Knight, Chr. Mountague, John Smith,

Carr, and Wm. Fleming, Esquires, to be Commissioners of the Excise.

Commissioners for the Vellom, Paper, and Parchment.

May 1694. A Constitution of Chr. Mountague, Esquire,.

John Stanley, Edward Lloyd, Henry Cornish, Esquires,

Henry Harris, Jacob Vander Efch, and James Gentlemen, to be Commissioners for the Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, granted to his Majesty, for Four Years, towards carrying on the War against France.

September 1698. A like, to John Stanly, Edward Lloyd, Henry Cornish, Esquires, Henry Harris, Jacob

Vanderefch, Jam. Isaackfqn, Gentlemen, apd Tho. Far-

rington Esquire, Commissioners for the several Purposes mentioned in the respective Acts of Parliament; viz.

An Act for granting to his Majesty several Duties upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, for Four Years, for carrying on the War against France: An Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds therein mentioned j and for enlarging the Capital Stock of the Bank of England; and for raising the Publick Credit: And, An Act for granting to his Majesty, his Heirs, and Successors, further Duties upon stamped Vellom, Parchment, and Paper.

May 1694. A Constitution of Thomas Esquire to be Receiver-General of the Duties upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper.

September 1698. A like Constitution to the said Tho.

Pennyman.

Commissioners for Hackney and Stage Coaches.

June 1694. A Constitution of Harry Richard

Gee, Henry Ashurst, and Walter Overbury, to be Commissioners for the Hackney and Stage Coaches.,

July 1694. A like, to Henry Villiers, Richard Gee,

Hen. Ashurst, Walter Over bury, and Henry

Esquires, to be Commissioners for the Hackney and Stage Coaches.

July 1695. A like, to Daniel Blake, Tho. Strickland,

Edmund Clark, Charnock Heron, and Wm. Congreve,

Esquires, to be Commissioners for the Hackney and Stage Coaches.

Memorandum: The N&mes of the Commissioners which his Majesty appointed, according to the Act of Parliament to put in Execution the Aid of 3 s. in the Pound, Anno 1696, within all the several Counties of England and Wales, being not named in the Dockets of those Commissions; and those Commissionis paffitig by immediate Warrant; rio Account can be given of them from this Office.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to j.iverpoole whom the Bill for enabling the Town of Liverpool to Pari flu build a Church, and endow the lame, by their Own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distmft from Walton', is committed; be made upon Thursday Morning.

Commissioners of the Excise. The House being acquainted, by Mr. Solicitor-Crcne- order for

August 1694. A Constitution of Sir Samuel Dashwood, ral, That one Mr. Grafcomb, who brought the Manuscript prosecuting Sir Steph. Evance, Sir John Foche, Knights, Francis of a false, scandalous, and seditious Pamphlet, intituled, a Person. Parry, William Strong, Tho. Halt, Edward Clark, John " An Account of the Proceedings in the House of Com-Danvers, and Foot Onslow, Esquires, to be Commissioners " mans, in relation to the re-coining the clipped Money,

of the Excise. " apd falling the Price of Guineas," to be printed Imfh

March 1694.. A like, to Sir Samuel Dashwood, Sir been apprehended, by virtue of a Proclamation iffijed, up-Stephen Evance, Sir John Foche, Knights, Francis Parry, on on humble Address presented to his Majesty from this

Youngs

Estate.

Woollen Ma-aufatfures.

Registring

Deeds.

Members

summoned.

A Member expelled for accepting a

Another determined not to be within the Law.

Receivers of Taxes, &c

50a t3° Februarii. . 1698.

House, pursuant to a Refolotion by them made, the 3d of November 1696; and that he is to appear upon his Bail this Day, and will be discharged, unless this House will please to give feme Direction therein;

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General, and Mr. Solicitor-General, do prosecute the said Mr. for the said Offence.

Mr. Trenchard, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable John Young Gentleman to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts and Legacies: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England-, and to restrainthe Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and Ir; was committed; be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Security of Purchasers, by a voluntary Register of Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into JVzstminster-hall, and the Courts there, and the Court of Requests, and summon the Members to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And being returned;

And Mr. Cornish attending, according to Order;

He w as heard in his Place.

And then withdrew'.

Resolved, That Henry Cornish Esquire, being a Member of the House of Commons, and having since been concerned, and acted as a Commissioner, in managing the Duties upon Vellom, Paper, and Parchment, contrary to the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Year of his Majesty's Reign, for granting several Duties upon Salt, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, be expelled this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Shaftsbury, in the County of Dorset, in the room of Henry Cornish Esquire, expelled this House.

Mr. Christopher Mountague attending, according to Order;

He acquainted the House, That he did not qualify himself to be a Member of the House until the 29th of November: and lb conceived himself not to be within the Law.

And then withdrew.

Then the Statute of 50 Eliz. was read.

And afterwards, upon the Question, Mr. Mountague was called in again, to take his Place.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up and state the Matter of Fact, as it appeared upon the Debate of the House, in relation to the said Mr. Mountague:

And it is referred to Sir Chr.Mufgrove, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, Mr. Lowndes, Mr. Pelham, Sir Walter Young, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Price, Sir Rob. Rich. Mr. Harley, Mr Carter, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Iiar-court, Mr Moor, Mr. Phillips, Sir Mr. Compel', Mr. How, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Wm. St. Quin-

tin, Sir Godfrey Copley: or any Three of them: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House a List of the Receivers, and of the Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury, Commissioners of the Customs, and Excise.

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

For the Sums of Money, Duties, or Aids, granted in the Session of Parliament, holden upon the 7th Day of November 93, in which the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign for the Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, passed, the Receivers were as follow'eth;

lft, For the Land Tax, being the Second Aid of 4 s. in the Pound, the Receivers were the Persons named in the Lift marked A.

Memorandwn: Besides the Money granted by the Act for this Aid, there was a Power to raise any Sum, by way of Loan, on the Credit thereof: Which Loans were received into the Exchequer by the Four Tellers there, pursuant to the Directions of the same Act.

2. For raising the Sum of 118,506/. 5 s. 10 to complete a Million, which was before intended to be raised by Contribution, for Annuities for Lives, there were no Receivers, because this Act directed the Contributors to pay the Consideration-money immediately into the Exchequer; and there to have Tallies for the fame.

3. For the Duties upon Salt, and the additional Du-

ties of Excise, granted by the Act wherein the Clause concerning Members of the Honourable House of Commons is contained, the first Receiver and Cashier thereof, under the Commissioners of Excise, was Charles Ei-

quire, who was succeeded by Barth.Burton, Esquire, and since by Tho. Hall Esquire, the present Receiver and Cashier to the said Commissioners.

Memorandum: Besides the Duties granted by this Act, the Sum of 1,000,000l. was to be raised by Sale of the Lottery-Annuities, to be charged upon, and payable out of, the said Salt-Duties and Excise; And the Receivers for the said 1,000,000l. are named in the Lift marked B.

4. For the Quarterly Poll, the Receivers are named in the Lift marked C.

5. The Tonage-Duties upon Ships and Vessels were collected by the Officers of the Customs, and paid to John Knight Esquire, the late Receiver-General; and afterwards to Richard Hutchinson Esquire, the present Receiver-General; and the additional Rates of Excise, therewith granted, have been received by the successive Treasurers and Cashiers of the Excise before named: But the Sum of 1,200,000l. advanced by the Contributors to the Bank of England, on the Act for these Rates and Duties, was received; to wit, the First 4th Part by the Persons named in the Lift marked D; and the Residue by the Corporation of the Bank of England: Which Receivers and Corporation answ'ered and paid the Whole to the King's Use, at the Exchequer: And the Contributions for Annuities charged on the Duties granted by the Act last mentioned, not exceeding 300,000 /. were appointed to be paid immediately into the Exchequer, where the Tellers received the fame.

6ly, For the Duties on Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, the Receiver, from the Commencement thereof, hath been Tho. Pennyman Esquire, who still continues in that Trust.

7ly, For the Monies arising by the Act for licensing Coaches, the Receivers have been Mr. Hawkins, de-cealed; and Mr. Edward Wharton, now in the Employment.

For the Sums of Money, Duties, or Aids, granted in the Sessions of Parliament, holden by Adjournment, upon the 12 Day of November 1694; vis.

lft, For the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, continued during his Majesty's Life, the first Receiver w-as John Knight Esquire; and, after him, Richard Hutchinson

Esquire.

2. For the Land Tax, being the 3d Aid of 4s. in the Pound, the Names of the Receivers are in the Lift marked E.

Menwrandum: There were Two Credits in this Act; the one for any Sums to be lent on the Land Tax; and the other for Twelve hundred and Fifty

16 thousand

11 W. III. 13° Februarii.

5°3

thousand Pounds, to be lent on the Customs: But the Ix>ans in both Gales were to be received immediately into the Exchequer.

3ly, For the Contributions to arise on the Act for in-larging the Time to purchase Annuities, there were no Receivers, because the Contributors paid their Money directly into the same Receipt.

4ly, For the Duties on Marriages, Births, Burials, Bachelors, and Widowers, the Receivers are in the Lift marked F.

5ly, For the additional Duties on Coffee, Tea, 8$c. to pay Interest for the Transport-Debt, were received by the said Collectors, and Receivers-General of the-Customs; and paid by the said Receivers-General into the Exchequer, for the Purpose aforesaid.

6thly, the Duties upon Glass and Stone-wares, and upon Coals, have been received; to wit, at the Custom-house, by the said Collectors, and Receivers-General of the Customs; and, at the Glass-Office, by Mr. James Deane, Receiver there under the Commissioners for the Glass-Duties.

For the Sums of Money, Duties or Aids, granted in the Session of Parliament began and holden upon the 22th of November 1695.

ift, Upon the Act for inlarging the Time for purchasing Annuities, and continuing the Duties of low Winee and Spirits, there were no Receivers of the Contributions for Annuities, because the said Act appointed them to be paid directly into the Exchequer: But the Duties of low Wines, and Spirits, were received by the several before-named Receivers-General, and Cashiers of Excite, under the Commissioners of that Revenue.

2ly, for the Land Tax, being the 4th Aid. of 4$. in the Pound, the Receivers were the Persons named in the Lift marked G; and the Loans upon Credit of this Aid were appointed to be received at the Exchequer.

3ly, The continued Impositions on Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco, and East India Goods, as they have takeu

Effect, from several Days or Times mentioned in the Act

Sailed in the Session last mentioned, have been in the teceipt of the said Mr. Hutchinfo, the present Receiver-General of the Customs; and the Credits in this Act, to wit, of 1,500,000l. on the continued Impositions aforesaid, and of 382,469/. on the Contributions for Annuities, are appointed to be paid directly into the Exchequer.

4ly, For the Duties upon Houses, the Names of the Receivers are in the Lift marked H.

The Loans on Credit of this Act were to be paid into the Exchequer.

5ly, For the additional Duties on French Goods, the Collectors, and Receivers-General of the Customs, before-mentioned.

61y, The Duties on low Wines have been received by the Receivers-General, or Cashiers of the Excise, before-named, under the Commissioners of Excise.

Memorandum: Here was a Credit for 70,000l. on the Duty of low Wines; and for 400,000l. on the Hereditary and Temporary Excise; and for 45,000l. on the Post-Oflice; but no particular Receivers appointed for those Loans.

"ly, The continued Duties upon Salt, Glass, and Stonewares, and the Duties upon Tobacco-pipes, which were intended for the Land-Bank, have been received at the Excise-Office, Custom-house, and G lass-Office, by the several Receivers there before named.

For the Sums of Money, Duties, or Aids, granted in the Sessions of Parliament, holden by Adjournment, on the 20th of October 1696. ift. For the Aid by a Land Tax, and by several Subsidies, and other Duties, payable for one Year, the Receivers were the Persons in the Lift marked I.

Here was a Credit of 1,500,000l. on the Land Tax, by Loans at the Exchequer, to be received by the Tellers; and another Credit for 1,500,000l. on Vol. XII.

the Subsidy, by Exchequer- Bills; which Bills, coming back into the Exchequer, upon any the Funds for Principal and Interest, are to be received by the Trustees, to exchange the same for Money; namely, Francis Eylcs, Sir Theodore Janssen, Ab-

bot, Gilbert Heathcot, iVUtiam Sedgwick, Doddinglon, Sir IVm. Ashu(who hath not acted), Sir Joseph Heme, Sir Henry Furnesse, and Sir

Bateman.

2ly, The Duty upon Paper imported has been received at the Custom-house, by the Receivers-General before named; and the Duty on Paper made in England is received at the Glass-Office, by Mr. James Dean, under the Commissioners there.

3ly, The continued Impositions on Merchandizes have been received at the Custom-house, by the aforesaid Receivers-General.

4ly, The Duties upon Vellom, Parchment, and Paper, have been, and still are, received by Thomas Pennyman Esquire; and the additional Duties upon Suit have been received at the Excise-Office, by the aforesaid Receivers and Cashiers there, under the Commissioners of Excise.

5ly, the Duties upon Leather imported are, by Act for the fame, to be received at the Custom-house, by the said Receiver-General there; and the Duties upon Leather made in England have been received by the said Receivers-General, at the Excise Office.

61y, The Contributions arising by the Clauses in the Leather-Act, for inlarging the Time to purchase Annuities, were to be paid immediately into the Exchequer; so no Receivers were appointed for the fame.

7ly, The Duties on Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, are within the Receipt of the Commissioners of Excise; and consequently of their Receivers-General and Cashiers, before-named; who have paid the same weekly into the Exchequer, for discharging of Tallies and Malt-Tickets.

The Receivers of the Contributions for the said Malt-Tickets are named in the Paper marked K.

Sly, The further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage is received at the Custom-house, as above.

gly, The additional Land Tax of 12 in the Pound was received by the same Persons as were appointed Receivers for the Land Tax of 3 in the Pound, granted in the same Session.

I oly, The Revenue arising by Licensing of Pedlars, et al. from the 24th June 1697, to the 25th June 1698, was payable to the then Commissioners for Transportation; namely, Samuel Atkinson, Tho. Hopkins, Anthony Duncomb, and John Henley, Esquires; or such as they should appoint; who were to pay the same into the Exchequer, for Interest of the Transport-Debt

II ly. The new Duties on Drugs are received at the Custom-house, as aforesaid.

For the Sums of Money, Duties, or Aids, granted in the Session of Parliament, holden by Adjournment, the 3d Day of December 1697.

ift, Upon the Act for inlarging the Time for purchasing Annuities, there wrere no Receivers, because the Contributions were to be paid into the Exchequer directly.

2dly, Upon the Act for granting to his Majesty 1,484,015/. is. Hid. by a Land Tax, the Receivers Names are contained in the Paper marked L; and the Loans upon the said Act were to be paid into the Exchequer directly.

3dly, The Duties upon Coals and Culm are received at the Custom-house, by the aforesaid Richard the Receiver-General.

4ly, The continued Duties upon Coffee, Tea, Chocolate, and Spices for the Transport-Service, for On# Year, are also received by him.

5ly, The further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, granted in this Session, does not take Effect till the last of January 1699.

6ly, Another Act was passed in this Session, for inlarging the Time for purchasing Annuities; for which no

Receivers

Receivers of Taxes. See.

t

504

13° Fehtuarii.

A. 1698*

Reotivm of Receiver? were appointed, the A®; directing the Confi-kc. duration-money to be paid into the Exchequer.

7ty, Th.e further Duties upon stamped Vellom, Parchment, apd Paper, granted ia this Seffban, are in the Receipt of the said Thomas Penoyman Esquire.

81y, the Revenue arising by the liceofing Hawkers and Pedlars, from the 24th Day. of June 1698, is received by Samuel Athinfon, John Henly, and Robert Davies, Esquires, or any Two of them, towards the Paying of interest to the Transport-Dent; and ia paid into the Exchequer for that Purpose.

9ly, The increased Duties on Luftrings and Alamodes are received at the Cu.ftom-house, by the fiud Mr. -infon, the Receiver-General.

toly, The Quarterly Poll, granted this Session; the Names of the Receivers are in the Paper marked M. Memorandum: The Credit of 500,000l. on this Act, and 5.0,0,0001, on the Coal-Act, are by Loans at the Exchequer.

1 ily, The further Salt-Duties, granted in this Session, are, by the Act for the fame, in the Receipt of the Commissioners of the Excise; and consequently in their Re* ceiver-GeneraL. or Cafluer.

12ly, And the Sum of Two Millions subscribed on this Act, by the Members of the new East India Company, was appointed tq be received, as the Payments became due, for the King's Use, by the Receivers hereafter named; viz. Sir Henry Furnesse, Sir Theodore Janssen, Samuel Shepheard, Gilbert Heathcote, Thomas Vernon, James Bateman, Edward Alien, and Martin.

13. And the $L per Cen upon East India Goods, gjanted in this Session, is to be received by the Receiver-General of the Customs; and to be paid to the Treasurer of the new East India Company, for maintaining Am* baffadors, S$c. :And the additional Duties on wrought Silks to be imported from the East Indies, granted in the same Act, is to be received in the same Method as the Customs are to be received.

i4ly, The new Duties on Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen, granted in this Session, are received at the Custom-house, by the said Richard Hutchinson, the Receiver-General*

The Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury, the Commissioners of the Customs, and Commissioners of Excise, which were on the 7th Day of November 1093; and the Names of the present Commissioners of the same j are in the Paper marked N.

13 th February 1698. Wm.. Lowndes.

The qfore&id Lifts j viz.

A. Receivers of the Land Tax; being the Second Four Shillings Aid.

Bedford Berks -Bucks -Cambridge -

Chester - -

Cornwall -

Cumberlapd and Westmor-'l land - - - - J

Derby

Devon -

Dorset -Durham, and

Monmouth

Northampton

Norfolk -

Thomas Doyly Benjamin Mathews August Briggs and Leonard Blofeild Thomas Doyly 13enj. Mathews Geo. Hosier William Green Charles Brawne Tho. Cobb Robert Chaplin Charles Duncomb Tho. Bromfeild John Newfljam . Philip Bearerofl John Child Morgan Whitley Tho. Matthews

Oxoa -

Rutland - -

Salop -Stafford -So.merfet -Southampton -

Suffolk -Surry -

Sussex -

Warwick -

Worcester -

Wilts -North-Wales -

Brecon and Radnor -

Pembroke, Hav.erford-West Carmartben -

Cardigan

Glamorgan - -

Inner Temple, London - Thomas Riggs

B. Receivers of the Million, by Lottery.

Richard Lafcells - - Richard Hoare

Joseph Fells -

Edw. Mompeffon Sir Fran. Child Richard Smith -Whijtfeild Hayter,

C. Receivers of the 2d Quarterly Poll.

George Howells.

John Johnson Barth: Burton William Sheppard John Knight Robert Fowle

Henry Whitebread Laurence Ambrose Hugh Horton John Mason Morgan Whitley Richard Tregear

Andr. Huddlefton

Sam. Bradffiaw Chris. Bale John Darby

ywk,0rt!'U"brl<H-} Williamson

Bedford Berks Bucks -

Cambridge - -

Chester - -

Cornwall

Cumberland and Westmor-'l land -J

Derby -Devon -Dorset -

Durham, Northumberland,'!

and York - - -J

Essex

Gloucester -

Hereford -

Hertford -

Huntingdon -

Kent -Lancaster -

Leicester and Nottingham

Lincoln

London, Westminster, andf

Essex

Gloucester

Hereford

Hertford

Huntingdon

Kent

Lancaster

Leicester

Nottingham ©

Lincoln -

London, Westminster, and' Middlesex -

Nath. Rich Edward Mitchell Tho. Mathews Tho. Richards William Love Gilbert Spencer Wm. Kent Tho. Trueman Ditto

Wm. Cawthorp, and Tho. Kent

Sir Leonard Robinion

Middlesex Monmouth Northampton -

Norfolk -

Oxon

Rutland -

Salop

Stafford -

Somerset -

Southampton -

Suffolk -

Surry

Suflfex

Warwick

Worcester

Wilts -

North-Wales -

Brecon and Radnor

1

Henry Whitebread Laurence Ambrose Hugh Horton John Mason William Allen Richard Tregear

Andr. Huddlefton

Sam. Bradshaw Tho. Stawell John Darby

Ralph Williamlbn

Nathanael Rich Edward Mitchell Tho. Mathews Tho. Richards William Love Gilbert Spencer William Kent Tho. Trueman Wm. Cawthorp, and Tho. Kent

Sir Leonard Robinson

Thomas Doyly Benj. Matthews August. Briggs, and Leonard Blofeild Tho, Doyly Benj. Mathews Geo. Holier Wm. Green Charles Brawne Thomas Cobb Sam. Pacey Tho. Brown Tho. Bromfield John Newlham Phil. Bearecroft John Child Morgan Whitley Thomas Matthews

Pembroke

11 W. III.

13° Februarii.

5°5

Pembroke and West, Carmarthen,

Haverford-j Car-U

»cu, v-a» iimiiucn, -George Howells digan, Glamorgan - -J Inner-Temple, London - Thomas Riggs

D. Receivers of the First 4th Part of 1,200,000l. fiib-scribed to the Bank of England.

Sir John Houblon, knight - Thomas^ Goddard, eftjuire

Michael Godfrey, esquire Sir John Husband, baronet Sir Win. Gore -Sir Henry Fornefle -Sir Win. Scawen * Obadiah Sedgwick, esquire John Smith? ctqtiire -Francis Gosfright, esquire

James Bateman Theodore JanlTen John Ward Abraham Houblon John Knight Robert Lyddall Gilbert Heathcote Barth. Burton, esquires

E. Receivers of the

Bedford

Berks -

Bucks -

Cambridge -

Chester -

Cornwall -

Cumberland and Westmor-!

land -J

Derby -

Devon - -

Dorsett -

Durham, Northumberland, and York

Efi'ex -Gloucester

Hereford - -

Hertford

Huntington

Kent -

Lancaster

Leicester -

Nottingham

Lincoln -

London, Westminster, Middlesex -

Monmouth Northampton -

Norfolk -

Oxford -

Rutland -

Salop -Stafford -

Somerset - -

Southampton -

Suffolk

Surry -Sussex -Warwick W orcester Wilts -Inner-Temple -King's Houshold North-Wales -

Sam. BradChaw John Ehvell, and Burridge John Darby

Ralph WHliamfod

- Nathanael Rich Richard Cocks

- Tho. Mathews

- Tho. Richards

- William Love

- Gilbert Spencer

- Wm. Kent

- Tho. Trueman

- Ditto Wm. Cawthorp,- and Tho. Kent

and|

Sir Leonard Robinibn

Tho; Doyly

- Benp Mathews

J August. Briggs, and t Leonard Blofield

- John Parran

- Benjam. Mathews

- Geo. Holier

- William Green

- Charles Brawn

- Tho; Cobb

- Robert Chaplin

- Thomas Brown -

- Tho. Bromfield

- John Newiham

- Nic. Baker

- John Child

- Geo. Wheeler

- James Halsey

- Morgan Whitley

Thomas Matthews

Cumberland and Westmora-f land - - - -1

Derby -

; 1

Dorset -

Durham, Northumberland,!

Devon -

4 s. Aid granted 6 & 7* Willielmi Regis.

- - Henry Whitebread

- Laurence Ambrose

- - Hugh Horton

- - John Mason

- - Morgan Whitley

Richard Tregear

Andrew Huddlefton

and York Essex Gloucester Hereford

Hertford

Huntington

Kent

Lancaster

-J

Leicester and Nottingham -|

Lincoln

Bedford -Berks Bucks Cambridge Chester -Cornwall

Vol. XII.

Henry Whitebread

- Laurence Ambrose

- Hugh Horton

- John Mason

- Morgan Whitley

- Richard T pcgear -

London, Westminster, and^f

Middlesex Monmouth Northampton

Norfolk -

Oxford -Rutland -Salop -Stafford -Somerset Southampton Suffolk -Surry Sussex

Warwick

Worcester

Wilts -Inner-Temple

King's Houshold North-Wales -Brecon and Radnor -Pembroke, Haverford-West,' Carmarthen, Cardigan, Glamorgan -

Andr.Huddlefton, and, af- Receiver* terhim, Tho. Braugham Taxes, Sam. Bradshaw John Elwil)

Tho. Stawell, and John Burridge John Dalby

Ralph Williamson

Nathanael Rich Richard Cocks Tho. Mathews Tho.Richards, John Gape,

Richard Woollaston, successively William Love Gilbert Spencer Wm. Kent Tho. Trueman John Berry, andj since,

Tho. Woodcock Wm. Cawthorp, and Tho. Kent

Sir Leonard Robinson, and, after him, SirTho.Cuddon Thomas Doyly Benj. Mathews August. Briggs, and Leonard Blofeild John Parran Benj. Mathews Geo. Hosier Wm. Green Cha. Brawne Thomas Cobb "

Robert Chaplin Tho. Doyly Tho. Bronifeild John Newiham, and, after him, John Andrews Nick Baker, and, after him,

Tho.' Albert John Child Geo. Wheeler James HaHey Morgan Whitley Tho. Matthews

George Howells

G. Receivers of the 4 s.Aid, granted 7* & 8* WiHielml

Regis

Bedfotd - Henry Whitebread

Berks - Laurence Ambrose

Bucks - Hugh Horton

Cambridge - - - John Mason

Chester - Morgan Whitley

Cornwall - - - Richard Tregeare

CuD.terlaad.nd Westmore-j land - - - -|

Derby

Devon -

Brecon and Radnor -Pembroke and Heverford-j

West, Carmarthen, Car- > George Howells digan, Glamorgan -J

F. Receivers of the Rates and Duties on Marriages, Births, and Burials, granted 6® & 7* Willielmi Regia.

Dorset -

Durham, Northumberland,\ and York -Essex

Gloucester Hereford Hertford Huntington Kent Lancaster Leicester Nottingham

after him, Tho. Braug- ham Sam. Bradshaw Nic. Elwill, and John Burridge John Derby

Ralph Williamson

- Nath. Rich

Richard Cocks

Tho. Matthews

- John Gape

- William Love

- Gilbert Spencer

- William Kent

- Tho. Woodcock

- Tho. Trueman

6 N

Lincoln

50 6

13° Februarii.

A. 1698.

Receivers of Taxes, &c<

Lincoln -

London, Westminster, and!

Middlesex -J

Monmouth -Northampton -

Norfolk -

Oxon Rutland -Salop Stafford -Somerset -Southampton Suffolk -

Surrey -

Sussex.

Warwick -

Worcester -

Wilts ..

North-Wales -Brecon and Radnor -Pembroke, Haverford-West,]

Carmarthen, Cardigan,

Glamorgan - -J

Inner-Temple -King's Houshold

H. Receivers of the Rates and Duties on Houses, granted

7* & 8° Willielmi Regis.

Bedford - Henry Whitebread

Berks ... . Laurence Ambrose

Bucks - - - - Hugh Horton

Cambridge ... John Mason

Chester ..... Morgan Whitley

Cornwall ... Richard Tregear

Cumberland and Westmore-j r n , jan£j > I ho. Braugham

Derby ... - Sam. Bradshaw

Devon - - - ./ Nic." Elwill, and

Wm. Cawthorp, and Tho. Kent

Sir Tho. Cuddon

Thomas Doyley Ben. Matthews August. Briggs, and Leouard Blofeild Tho. Parran Ben. Matthews Geo. Hosier Win. Green Cha. Brawn Tho. Cobb Robert Chaplaine Leonard Child, and John Nuthall Tho. Bromfeild John Newlham Nic. Baker John Child Morgan Whitley Tho. Matthews

George Howells

George Wheeler James Halsey

Dorset -

Durham, Northumberland,\ and York -Essex -Gloucester Hereford

John Bur ridge

- John Darby 'j 'Ralph Williamson

Nathanael Rich

- Richard Cock

- Tho. Matthews f Richard Wooliafton, and

John Gape, severally

- William Love

- Gilbert Spencer

- Wm. Kent . Tho. Woodcock

f Wm. Cawthorp, and "[ Tho. Kent-

LoP?.0.n?. }Westminster> andt Sir Tho. Cuddon

Hertford -

Huntington Kent -Lancaster Leicester -

Lincolne

Middlesex -

Monmouth - Tho. Doyley

Northampton - - - Ben. Matthews

Norfolk - f August. Briggs, a Leonard Blofield

Nottingham - - John Berry

Oxon - John Parran

Rutland - m - Benj. Matthews

Salop - Geo. Hosier

Stafford - - William Green

Somerset - m - Charles Brawn

Southampton - - - Tho. Cobb

Suffolk - - Robert Chaplyn f-Leonard Child, e

Surry John Nuthall

Sussex - - Tho. Bromfield f Jo. Andrews

Warwick I Edw. Owen f Tho. Distom

Worcester - -J Nic. Baker, and, £ [ Tho. Albert

Wilts ..... John Child North-Wales - - - Morgan Whitley

Brecon and Radnor - - Thomas Matthews

Pembroke and HaverfonL]

West, Carmarthen, Car-J- George Howells digan, Glamorgan - -J

I. Receivers of the Land Tax, and Subsidies therewith, granted 8° & 9* Willielmi Regis.

Bedford Berks ..... Bucks -

Cambridge ... Chester -

Cornwall -

Cumberland and Westmore-f land -

Derby

Devon

Henry Whitebread Laurence Ambrose Hugh Horton John Mason Morgan Whitley Richard Tregear

Andrew Huddlefton

Sam. Bradfliaw f Nic. Elwill, and John Burridge Dorset - - - - John Darby

Durham, Northumberland, and York -Essex - -

_ 'j Ralph Williamson

Nath. Rich Richard Cocks Tho. Matthews Richard Wooliafton William Love Gilbert Spencer. William Kent Tho. Woodcock Wm. Cawthorp, Tho. Kent

and

and

Sir Tho. Cuddon

Gloucester

Hereford -

Hertford Huntington Kent -

Lancaster Leicester - -

Lincolne - -

London, Westminster,

Middlesex -Monmouth Northampton -

Norfolk

Nottingham Oxon -Rutland -Salop

Stafford -

Somerset Southampton -

Suffolk -

Surry -

Sussex -

Warwick - - -|

Worcester King's Houshold Wilts

North-Wales -Brecon and Radnor -Pembroke, Haverford-West.i Carmarthen, Cardigan, j-Glamorgan -J

K. Receivers of the Contributions for Malt-Lottery-

Tickets.

Richard Hoar - - - John Coggs

William Sheppard - - Sir John Johnson

Richard Smith 7 John-Francis Fauquier

Edward Wharton - - Edward Harrison

L. Receivers of the Aid of 1,484,015 I. by a Land Tax,

granted 9® & 10® Willielmi Regis.

Bedford - Henry Whitebread

Berks - - - - Laurence Ambrose

Bucks - Hugh Horton

Cambridge - - - John Mason

Chester - - - Morgan Whitley

Cornwall

Tho. Doyley - Benj. Matthews

{August. Briggs, and Leopard Blofeild - John Berry - John Parran - Benjamin Matthews Geo. Hosier Wm. Green, and Tho. Spenlow Cha. Brawne -Thomas Gobb Robert Chaplin, and Sam. Pacey Leonard Child, and \ John Nuthall -- Thor Bromfeild -

{John Andrews Edward Owen Tho; Distan Nic. Baker - Earl-of Bradford John Child Morgan Whitley Tho. Matthews

George Howells-

O

11 W. III. j 30 Februarii.

S°7

Cornwall -

Cumberland and Westmore-'l land Derby -

Devon -j>

Dorl'et -

Durham, Northumberland,"]

and York Essex

Richard Tregear

Tho. Braugham

Sam. Bradshaw Nic. Klwill, and John Burridge John Darby

Ralph Williamson

Naih. Rich

Gloucester - - Richard Cocks

Hereford - - Tho. Mathews

Hertford - - John Woollaston

Huntington - - Wm. Love

Kent - - Gilbert Spencer

Lancaster - - Wm. Kent

Leicester - - Tho. Woodcock

Lincoln - - f Wm. Cawthorp, and 1 Tho. Kent

London, Westminster, Middlesex - an^} Sir Tho. Cuddon

Monmouth - - Tho. Doyley

Nottingham - - John Berry

Northampton - - - Benj. Matthews

Norfolk - - / August. Briggs, and I Leonard Blofield

Oxon - - John Parran

Rutland - - " Ben. Matthews

Salop - Geo. Holier

Stafford - - - Tho. Spendlow

Somerset - - Cha. Brawne

Southampton - - - Tho. Cobb

Suffolk -Surry - _/ Robert Chaplin, and (. Sam. Pacey f I^onard Child, and

John Nuthall

Sussex - - Tho. Bromfield f John Andrews

Warwick -< Edward Owen I Tho. Distan

Worcester . - Thomas Albert

Wilts - - - John Child

North-Wales - - - Morgan Whitley

Brecon and Radnor - - Tho. Mathews

Inner-Temple, London - Tho. Riggs

Pembroke, Haverford-West,'

Carmarthen, Glamorgan -

Cardigan,

George Howells

M. Receivers of the Quarterly Poll, granted 10® Willielmi Regis.

- Henry Whitebread

- Laurence Ambrose Hugh Horton

- John Malon Morgan Whitley

9*

Bedford -Berks Bucks Cambridge Chester -

Cornwall -

Cumberland and Westmore-'l land - - - -J

Derby -

Devon

Dorset -

Richard Tregear

Tho. Braugham

Sam Bradshaw Nic. Elwiil, and Robert Burridge John Darby

Dand"York1'orth, mbfr,a,'d>} Ralph Williamson

Essex Gloucester Hereford Hertford Huntington Kent -Lancaster Leicester

London, Westminster, Middlesex Monmouth Nottingham Vol. XII.

and

Nath. Rich Richard Cocks Tho. Matthews John Woollaston William Love Gilbert Spencer William Kent Tho. Woodcock

Sir Tho. Cuddon

Thomas Doyley John Berry

Northampton - - Benj. Matthews Receivers of

Norfolk - j f Augustine Briggs, and Leonard Blofield Taxes, &c.

Oxon - - John Parran

Rutland 1 - - Ben. Matthews

Salop - - - - Geo. Holier

Stafford - - - - William Green

Somerset - - Cha. Brawn

Southampton - - Thomas Cobb

Suffolk * - - - Samuel Pacey

Surrey - - John Sands

Sussex - - - Tho. Bromfield

Warwick m John Andrews

Worcester - Tho. Albert

Wilts - - John Child

N orth* Wales - - Morgan Whitley

Brecon and Radnor -Pembroke and Haverford-' Tho. Matthews I

West, Carmarthen, digan, Glamorgan Car- > George Howells

Inner-Temple, London Thomas Riggs

N. The Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury, Commissioners of the Customs, and jjpommissioner9 of the Excise, at the Time of making the Act, passed in the 5 th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign; for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; and of the present Commissioners.

At the Time of making the said Act, the Commissioners of the Treasury were;

Sidney Lord Godolphin Richard Hampden, esquire Sir Stephen Fox, knight Sir Edward Seymour, baronet Charles Mountague, esquire.

The Commissioners of the Excise, at the same time, were;

George Booth, esquire Sir Richard Temple, baronet,

Sir John Werden, baronet and Knight of the Bath Sir Robert Southwell, knight Sir Robert Clayton, knight Charles Godolphin, esquire Sir Patience Ward The Commissioners of the Customs, at the same time, were;

SirSamuel Dashwood, knight Sir Stephen Evance, knight Francis Parrey, esquire William Strong, esquire Sir John Focbe, knight Nathanael Hornby, esquire John Wilcox, esquire Thomas Hall, esquire Thomas Aram, esquire.

The present Commissioners of the Treasury are;

Charles Mountague, esquire Sir Stephen Fox, knight John Smith, esquire Sir Tho. Littleton, baronet

Thomas Pelham, esquire.

The present Commissioners of the Customs are;

Charles Godolphin, esquire Sir Walter Young, baronet Samuel Clark, esquire Benjam. Overton, esquire Dead, Sir John Austin, bart Robert Henley, esquire Sir William St. Quintin, baronet.

The present Commissioners of the Excise are;

Edward Clark, esquire Foot Onslow, esquire Philip Meadows, esquire Thomas Everard, esquire Sir Wm. Alhurst, knight Christ. Mountague, esquire John Smith, esquire William Carr, esquire

William Fleming, esquire.

11 February 1698.

Ordered, That the said several Lifts, presented to the House, be referred to the said Committee, to report the Names of any Members of the House contained therein, or any in Trust for them: And they to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Furnesse do attend, in his Members t# Place, Tomorrow Morning. attend.

Ordered, That Samuel Atkinson Esquire do attend, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn- state of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Navy. House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Ordered,

Committees.

Claims for Prizes.

508 13' — 14° Februarii. A. 1698.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Cap-

tain Craw is referred: And that they do examine thq And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion Morning, Eight a Clock. therein, to the House.

Martis, 14* die Februarii;

11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of Colonel late

Commander of his Majesty's Ship the Southampton, in behalf of himself and Company, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said Ship, amongst others, in the Year 1694, were under the Command of Admiral Russell, in the Straits; where cruising on the ] 8th of January 1694, the Petitioner engaged a French

Man of War, called the Content, of 54.and took

her, with the Affifiance of the Plymouth and Carlisle; and the Falmouth and Adventure took another French Man of War, of Guns, called the Trident, at the same time, being in Company together: That the said Prizes were afterwards fitted into his Majesty's Service, by the said Admiral, and brought to England, in the Fleet under lift Command: That, almost ever since the Taking of the said Prizes the Petitioner hath been in the King's Service beyond Sea, and never had any Share of the said Prizes, as the Act of Parliament, in such Cases, directs; neither can the Prize-Office give any Account of their Condemnation, or Disposal: And praying the House to take the Premises into their Consideration; and direCfc, That the Petitioner, and his Ship's Company, may have their Shares of the said Prizes, pursuant to the said Act. Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be

A Petition of the Fraternity of Glovers, Leather- Puty0tt dressers, and other Dealers and Sellers of Leather, within Leather-the Borough of Evesham, in the County of , was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, before the great Duty upon Leather the Petitioners maintained their Families very well; but since, their Trades are fe much decayed, that they are not able to fubfiit: And praying the Consideration and Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Darw.nt Inhabitants, within the Hundred of Basset-Lowe, in the Navigation. County of Nottingham, w'as presented to the House, and read, setting forth, That the making of the River went, in the County of Derby, navigable, will greatly damnify the Petitioners, and other neighbouring Inhabitants: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, may not pass.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Laumdes, according to Order, presented to the Land Bank

House, a List of the Persons appointed to be Commis- Commission-sioners for taking and receiving the voluntary Subl'crip- er‘* tions to the intended National Land-Bank, with Power to receive the First 4th Part of the Subscription-money:

And the feme was read; and is as followeth j viz.

Thomas Lord Jermyn Thomas Lord Coningfbv The Lord James Russell Goodwyn Wharton Henry Pagett Robert Cecill

Sidney Wordy, alias Montagu Charles Montague, esquires Sir Wm. Langhome Sir Walter Young Sir Basil DixwelL baronets Sir Peter Paravicine Sir Hnmp. Edwin, knights Sir Rowland Aynsworth Sir Owen Buckingham Sir John Banks Sir Benj. Bathurst Sir Edward Clark Sir Tho. Cook Sir Sam. Dashwood Sir Tho. Davall Sir John Eyles Sir Wm. Forrester Sir John Fleet Sir Edward Farmer Sir Jof. Herne Sir Chr. Hales Sir Robert Jefferys Sir Tho. Lane Sir John Moor Sir Tho. Mompeffou Sir William Pritchard Sir Gabriel Roberts Sir Leonard Robinson Sir Tho. Stamp Sir Jeremy Sambrook Sir Joseph Tyley Sir Peter Vandeput Sir Tho; Meres Sir Edward Wills Sir Tho. Rawlinson Sir Edmund Wife man. knights.

Sir Henry Ashurst

Sir Richard Atkyns

Sir Rich. Blackham

Sir Tho. Pope Blount

Sir Josiah Child

Sir Robert Cotton

Sir Heal Hook

Sir Henry Hobart

Sir John Morden

Sir Walter St. Johns, baronets

Sir Godfry Copley

Robert Austin, senior

Robert Austin, junior, esquires

John Archer, merchant

John Arnold

Mordecai Abbot

William Afpin

John Aigill

Tho. Andrews

Gabriel Armiger. esquires

Captain Jonath. Andrews

John Avioolle

Isaac Aviolle

John Billers

James Ball, merchants

Colonel Robert Byerly

David O Burry

James Boddington

John Brown

Arthur Bayly

Theophiius Boughey. merchants John Scroop John Borret Geo. Bohun

Robert Bredon. esquires Dr. Nic. Barbon Jacob Defbovery John Bellamy John Brifcoe. merchants John Browning, gentleman Peter Burrell Tho. Boone, merchants

Sir

11 W. III.

Sir Francis Child

Sir Charles Hedges

Sir Peter Daniell

Sir Benj. Newland

Sir Henry Johnson, knights

Geo. Boddington

John Bladder

Francis Beuzelin

David de la Britonier. merchant! Nicolas Carey

Arthur Champney. esquires William Coward Richard Carey Awnfham Churchill Steph. Cook, merchants Francis Chapman, gentleman Tho. Cole by, senior Tho. Compere

Anthony Cratcherode. merchants John Churchill John Dutton Colt, esquires Captain Wm. Child Tho. Collon

John Conyers, esquires Tho. Coleby, junior, merchant Sir Pury Cull, knight James Dewy, esquire John D' Low Francis Dashwood Charles Dubois Peter Delanne Paul D'Aranda Rich. Dove

Paul Darby, merchants Geo. Doddington Alvarez De Costa. esquires William Cock ram John Cock, merchants.

John Deagle Paul Docminique Richard Dalton, esquires Bartholomew Gracedieu Frands Gosfiright Allwyn Garraway Tho. Gratwick Dr. William Gibbons Ben. Giles

Geo. G refsham. merchants Tho. Hodges Tho. Hall, esquires Peter Henriques, senior Ednaund Harr&m Nath. Herne Robert Heyibaos Joseph Hofkinftiles Beddingfield Heigham John Hanger Edward Haiftwell Tho. Hancock Dr. Edward Hulfe Lionel Herne

Frederick Herne, merchants Tho. Harley

William Hewer, esquires.

Cha. Hooper, merchant Urban Hall

Nath. Hornby, esquires Geo. Hawes

Richard Harnage. merchants

Edw. Harley

Robert Henley

.John Harvey, esquires

.James Hallet, goldsmith

Mich. Hubbart

Jeffery Jefferies.

John Jefferyes George Inqe. merchants

You XII.

140 Febrmrii. 509

Robert Brown

Francis Boynton, merchants.

William Baber Ralph Bucknall. esquires Antony Mendez De Costa John Mendez D' Costa Jacob De Hillers. merchants Adam De Cardonnell, esquire Dennis Dutry John Dubois, merchants Captain Robert Dorrell Paul Dufoure, esquire Peter Delme Francis Eyles Barrington Eyton John Evans, merchant William East Henry Eyre William Etterick Martin Folk, esquires William Faulkener Andrew Francklyn Sam. Foot, junior Christopher Fowler, merchants Tho. Foley, senior Philip Foley Tho. Foley, junior William Fenwick, esquires Geo. Furnace Peter Franfhaw Edward Fenwick, merchants Samuel Fuller Israel Fielding, esquires Mark Huguetan, merchant Serjeant Tho. Goodin Tho. Glover Tho. Guy. esquires Tho. Gunfton James Green

Gabriel Glover, merchants Henry Ireton John Jackson, esquires Peter Henriques, junior Cha. Hargrave Henry Kiffin. merchants Morris Kendall, esquire Sam. Kekwitch, merchant William Lowndes, esquire Robert Lyddell John Love James Lever John Lethilier

Robert Lancashire. merchants Edward Lloyd Joseph Lane, esquires Dr. Fiftier Littleton Tho. Lucas Nehemiph Lyde

Peter Henriques La Ferre, merchants Solomon de Medina John Morris. Esquires Nicolas Mprs, junior Samuel Moyer Samuel Mitchell, merchants Ralph Marshalf, esquire John Martin

William Mead, merchants Tho. Mullb Arthur Moor

William Millman. esquires Richard Mead James Milfon

Charles Middleton, merchants Ant. Meeke Nicolas Martin Charles Mason. esquires Jacob Rvnoldson. merchant

6 O Willi am

Land Bank Commissioners.

510

14° Februa

.a i6p8.

William Nicholls

Tho. Nifbett. merchants

Francis Negus, esquire

Hugh North, merchant

Mich. Noble

Richard Noyfe

Tho. Owen

Walt. Overbury

Sam. Ongley, senior

Sam. Powell

John Pafchall. esquires

Joseph Paice

John Pierson. merchants Colonel John Perry Richard Petty, esquire John Powell, merchant Geo. Pafke

John Packer, esquires Colonel Pilkington Tho. Papillon, esquire Barth. Phillibert, merchant Tho. Radboard, esquire Gabriel Roberts Henry Renew Peter Renew Edw. Richiere Edward Rudge. merchants Captain Richard Ryder Sam. Read

John Roydhouse. merchants Nicolas Richards Tho. Rawlins, esquires Dr Radcliffe Tho. Robinson, merchant Sir Isaac Rebow, knight Dal by Thomas, esquire Nic. Touerton, merchant Mr. Prothonotary Tempest Robert Thompson, esquire John du Tilleox merchant Constantine Vemattee Henry Vincent esquires. Leonard Weffell Joseph Wolf William Withers Samuel Wickens. merchants Salloway Winnington John Weston Tho. Winford. esquires Bafii Wood, gentleman James Woodhouse, esquire.

Stephen Seignoret Arthur Shallet merchants Tho. Skinner, esquire Dr. Wm. Stokeham John Sherbrook, merchant Captain John Smith John Sikes, merchant John Skinner Arnold Squibb Eben Sadler Tho. Slater, esquires Edw. Salloway Tho. Sutton, merchants John Smith, gentleman.

Tho. Smynborne, esquire Sam. Sheppard Wm. Sedgwick Robert Sanderson John Schoppins Sam. Sale, merchants Robert Stephens, esquire Parry Slaughter, merchant Francis Tiffen, junior John Trenchard. esquires. Richard Tylden Joseph Thompson Tho. Trench, merchants Major-General Trelawny. Colonel Henry Trelawny Richard Trevor Frederick Tilney Robert Tracey John Tulley. esquires Francis Terrence, merchant Thomas Taylor, esquire Jaques Wiseman Tho. Williams, merchants Isaac Watlington Tho. Williamson Walter Whitfield Edmund Waller William Young, esquires Warwick Yard John Hall

Daniel Haies. merchants James Hooper, esquire Charles Herle, merchant Hercules Horsey Ralph Hough, esquires Luke Hodges

Ebenezer Hall, merchants

Wm. Lmmdes.

Memorandum: These Commissioners, or any Five of them, had Power to make a Cashier, or Cashiers, to be approved by the Lords of the Treasury.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table.

Woollen A Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Cloth-workers, Manufacture. Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; letting.....That foreign Letters give Account, that the strict Prohibition of importing the Manufactures of Flanders, or the great Duties laid upon others imported thither, have put them upon renewing a

Trade of making Cloth j which, is well known, they formerly did; and there is great Reason to tear, they intend to prohibit the Importation of our Woollen Manufactures, into Flanders-, where we have, for many Years, had a considerable vent for them: And praying, That the Woollen Manufacture may, by some means, be prevented from setting up in foreign Countries; and that the Commerce and Trade of this Kingdom in that great staple Commodity may be still preferred and maintained.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do consider how far, for advancing the Woollen Manufacture, it may be convenient to repeal the last Law of Prohibition of Lace

from Flanders, or any part thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Sir James Houblon, Mr. Phippard, Sir Wliter Young, Mr. Bro-therton, Sir William Drake, Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr. England, Mr. Stratford, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Cook, Mr.

Phillips, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Roberts, Mr. Yates, Lord Coningsby, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir John Wynn, Mr. Moor,

Mr. Bamardiston, Sir Geo. Hungerford, Mr. Osborne,

Sir Rowland Gwynn, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Morris, Mr.

Fortescue, Mr. Perry, Mr. Hare, Mr. Hancock, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Mr. Morgan,

Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hobly, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Lord

Chenie, Mr. Vernon; and all that serve for the Counties of York, Cornwall, Devon, Salop, Wilts, Gloucester,

Bucks, Dorset, Somerset, and North-Wales: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Town of Great Yarmouth, in the Billingsgate County of Norfolk, on behalf of themselves, and others Fish Market* concerned in the Ifeland, North-Sea, and Herring

Fisheries,

Price of Gold and Silver, and Currency of Guinea®.

11 W. III. 14" Februarii.

51

Fisheries, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That *

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making -

gate a free Market, for Sale of Fish, is committed.

Mr. Blatkamte. ,from the Commissioners of Trade, according to Order, presented to the House a Copy of a Representation relating to the Difference of the Value of Gold and Silver:

And the Title thereof was read.

The said Representation is as followeth; viz.

(A Copy.) To their Excellencies the Lords Justices.

May it please your Excellencies. Sept.

IN Obedience to your Excellencies Order in Council, dated the 8th of this Month, That we should take into our Consideration the Value of Guineas, as they are now current at 22s.; and the Prejudice which bad been represented to your Excellencies to arise from thence to the Trade of this Kingdom, and particularly to the Im-

Sortation of Silver Bullion; and that, having spoken with lerchants, and other fit Persons, w'e should report to your Excellencies our Opinion thereupon, and what we conceive your Excellencies may fitly do in the Matter; we have accordingly spoken with several eminent Merchants, and other Persons, whom we thought most capable to give us Information therein: And thereupon most humbly report;

That the Merchants, and others, we have consulted thereupon, are generally agreed. That the Importation of Gold, occasioned by our over-valuing it in the Currency of Guineas at 22s. is a Prejudice to this Kingdom in our Trade; and an Occasion that lo much Silver, as the Value of the Gold io imported is worth, hath been either carried out of England, or hindered from coming in; and that we cannot expect any Silver Bullion from Spam, or elsewhere, should be imported and coined here, whilst we put so great an Over-value upon Gold; because it is easy for Merchants to know the Value of both, in all Places where they deal, and to exchange their Silver there for Gold; and most certain, that they will only import hither to be coined what makes most for their own Advantage.

But, besides their Opinion, the Thing demonstrates itself; for it is certain, That Gold in Holland, from whence the greatest part of what has been lately coined has been brought over to us, is above Six per Cent, cheaper than it is here; that is to say, The same Quantity of Gold that will yield here at the Mint a Sum equivalent to One hundred Ounces of Silver, will there be bought for left than 94 Ounces of the same Silver: And from thence it evidently follows, That whoever imports Gold gains Six per Cent, here more than if he imported Silver to be coined; and carries away, for it, either so much of our Silver, or, at least, so much of our Commodities, as that Six per Cent, amounts to; which is both ways alike

n'udicial to this Kingdom.

'hat this Over-value of Guineas draws Gold in upon us, the Mint is an unquestionable Evidence; where, from the First of May last, to the 12th of this present September, have been coined 250,713 Guineas; but, in Silver, only 72,366/. 8 s.: And it is also observable, That the Silver so coined has been only some Remain of our clipped and hammered Money, and not foreign Bullion imported: Nor can it be hoped, that this Course of Coinage, now in the Mint, viz. The Coinage of Gold in a. much greater Proportion than Silver, should alter; but that it will be continued on, to the Exportation of our Silver, and very great Loft to this Kingdom in Trade, so long as Gold here shall have the Value of 22s. Sterling for a Guinea.

The Prejudice anting from hence to Trade, and the Advantage that may be ex petted from the Fall of Guineas, are also more particularly observed to us, by Merchants, from the Rate of the Exchange: For the Course of Exchange between England and Holland having of Vol. XII.

late, by the Importation of so much Gold from thence, been brought considerably lower than the Par; the Consequence of which is, That we pay so much more for every thing we bring from thence, and receive so much left for every thing we fend thither; that Course has, even since your Excellencies Commands to us to make Inquiry into this Matter, by thespreading of the RumourandExpectation of some Change, already received an Alteration of about One per Cent, to our Advantage: And it is not doubted, but, as the Price of Guineas shall be more certainly reduced towards their true Value, the Exchange will rile proportionably.

This being the State of this Matter, we are humbly of Opinion, That it is necessary, Guineas, in their common Currency, be brought down to 21 s.6d. at least: And further humbly conceive, That your Excellencies may fitly do it by giving Directions, That the Officers of the Receipt of his Majesty's Exchequer, and all other the Receivers of his Majesty's Revenue, do not take them at a higher Rate.

This appeals to us the most convenient Way; because it may, at all times, be a ready and easy Remedy, upon any further Variation that shall happen in the World in the Price of Gold; or even in case this now proposed Lowering of Guineas should not prove sufficient: For it being impossible, that more than One Metal should be the true Measure of Commerce; and the World, by common Content and Convenience, having settled that Measure in Silver; Gold, as well as other Metals, is to be looked upon as a Commodity, which varying its Price, as other Commodities do, its Value will always be changeable; and consequently, the Fixing of its Value in any Country, so that it cannot be readily accommodated to the Course it has in other neighbouring Countries, will be always prejudicial to the Country which does it.

The Value of Gold here at the Price of 21 s. 6d. a Guinea, in proportion to the Rate of Silver in our Coin, will be very near as Fifteen and a Half to One; the Value of Gold, in proportion to Silver, in Holland, and the neighbouring Countries, as near as can be computed, upon a Medium, is as Fifteen to One; so that, by bringing down Guineas to 21 s.6d. Gold will not here be brought to so low a Price as in our neighbouring Countries; nevertheleft, we are humbly of Opinion, That the Abatement of Six-pence in the Guinea will be sufficient to flop the present proportionate Importation of Gold; because the Charge of Insurance, Freight, Commission, and the like, will eat up the Profit that may then be made thereby, and hinder that Trade; but if, contrary to our Expectation, this Abatement should prove too small, Guineas may, by the same easy Means, be lowered yet further, according as shall be found expedient.

All which, nevertheleft, is most humbly Whitehall, submitted.

22 September 1698. Ph.Meadowes, John Pollexfen,

John Locke, Abr. Hill.

Ordered, That the said Copy do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Resolved, That this House will, To-morrowJMoming price of at Eleven a Clock, and no other Befinefe to intervene, Gold, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Price of Gold.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Victualing do lay viftoaluig before this House their Observations and Exceptions to the th. Fleet. Account of the Victualing the Fleet in the Mediterranean.

Ordered, That Sir Isaac Rebmv have Leave to go into Leave of the Country, his Father being very ill. Abrence.

Sir Henry Fumesse attending, according to Order; Member

He was heard in his Place. expelled for

And then withdrew. accepting a

Resolved, That Sir Henry Fumesse, being a Member of ace‘ the House of Commons, and having since been concerned, and atted, as a Collector and Manager, upon the A Cl, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign,

for

R lumber Writ.

Member expelled for accepting a n,c«.

512

for raising a Sum not exceeding Two Millions, upon a Fund for Payment of Annuities after the Rate of Eight Poundsfier Cent, per Annum; and for settling the Trade to the East Indies; contrary to the Act. made in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting several Duties upon Salt, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; be expelled this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bramber, in the County of in the room of Sir Henry Fumesse, expelled this House.

Mr. Atkinson attending, according to Order;

He was heard in his Place.

And then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, that Samuel Atkinson Esquire, being a Member of the House of Commons, and having since been concerned, and acted, as a Commissioner and Manager, upon the Act, made in the Ninth and Tenth Year of his Majesty's Reign, forlicensing Hawkers and Pedlars, for a further Provision of Interest for theTransport-Debt for Reducing of Ireland; contrary to the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting several Duties upon Salt, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors; be expelled this House;

The House divided.

140 — 150 Februarii.

A. 1698.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas Godfrey,

tellers for the

Tellers for the Noes

Mr. Sloane, Mr. Clayton:

158.

Harwich

Writ.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve 1 this present Parliament for die Borough of Harwich, 1 n the County of Essex in the

room of Samuel Atkinson Esquire, expelled this House.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Merakg.

A Petition of divers Merchants, Clothiers, and others, of the Town of Kingston upon Hull, and Places adjacent, Company; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That a due Regulation in the Trade of exporting the English Woollen Manufactures to Germany would very much wicrease and improve the feme; for that when the Hamberough Company had the foie Management of that Trade, it was carried on to the Publick Advantage; but since Foreigners have been concerned therein, the same is decayed, the said Manufactures have been debased, long Payments made, the Poor increat'ed, and foreign Shipping employed; to our great Prejudice in general: And praying, That the said Company may be established in their Trade to Germany, exclusive of Foreigners; and may be injoined to admit all such of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects into their Fedlowship as shall desire the fame, upon Payment of such moderate Fine as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report relating to the Hamborough Company shall be taken into Consideration.

A ' Bill to enable Edward Price Esquire to transfer a Price'* Charge of One thousand Pounds, for the Use of his EiUte. younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the County of Hereford and Radnor, of better Value, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Price,

Sir Abstrupus Danby, Mr. Gott, Mr. Smith, Mr. Osborne,

Mr. Parker, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir i Farrington, Mr. i Bulkley, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. How, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Carter, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Mr.

Bridges, Mr. Harley, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Bolies, Mr.

Dyott, Mr. Gorge, Mr. Holmes', and all the Members that serve for IVlies and Hereford: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

A Petition of Edwat'd and Tho. Oldershaw, iriihArrem.

in behalf of themselves, and other Troopers that And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow in the Regiment of Horse commanded by Colonel Long-

Moming, Eight a Clock.

Army

Anvars*

Mercurii, 15* die Februarii; it* Gulialrrti Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Soldiers, of the foreign Regiments, that have served in the late War of Ireland', together with several Tradesmen anJ House-keepers, that have trusted the Officers of the Aid Regiments; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have considerable Arrears due to them for their said Service; and some of Regiments were mostly paid off; but in Tallies which ware left in the Hands of the Dutch Paymaster-General; who pretends he cannot pay the Petitioners without particular Orders from the respective Officers Debtors; who are beyond Sea, but have lately lent over Trustees to dispafe of the said Tallies: And the Petitioners wanting a Precedent whereby to attach what is due to them, in the iaid

ston, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That there are great Sums of Money due to them for their Irish Arrears; and they applied to their laid Colonel to clear them, pursuant to several Proclamations; but he fays, he will do nothing but what the Parliament stall oblige him to do: That, at his Majesty s Landing in the West, he gave a Gratuity of One Month's Pay to each of the Petitioners; but that was afterwards stopped out of their Subsistence: And, the Petitioners having Families in great Distress, they did, for Two Years successively, implore the Relief of this House; but Business of greater Moment prevented it: And praying, That they may be paid their Irish Arrears, and the said Gratuity of a Month's Pay.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition <tf the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a BiH for Preventing

S3*

and Foot nrn, be ordered not to pay any Arrears to rprnrlm: AndMr. Mr. Gorge the Colonels ind Captains of their rrfpeaive Regiments, prepare, and bring m, (be Bill.

until the Tradesmens Bills be answered, and the Soldiers Qi'dered, That Sir Francis Drake have Leave to go Leave of

accounted withal, or such other speedy Relief given for into the Countryibr Six Weeks, upon extraordinary Oc-

} > itry

i.ruu'.

their Satisfaction as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Hammond, according to Order, presented to the House a Rill for Sale of some Part of the Estate late -of Sir Thomas Darcy, deceased, for Payment of Debts: And the same was received.

cations.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and Traders Exporting in the Woollen Manufactory, and other Inhabitants, tin Wool. and ahout the Town of Deeds, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and setting forth,

That notwithstanding the many good Laws for preventing

22 the

II W. III.

the Exportation of our Wool, yet that evil Practice cannot be prevented, unlefe a Fund be raised for Payment of a competent Salary to Officers employed for that Purpose: And praying. That Encouragement may be given to the Officers employed in putting the Laws in due Execution for preventing the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the exporting Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Parts; and to consider of the prospered; Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom.

n'ocL*'* Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other

Traders, in the Woollen Manufactory, in and about the Town of Hallrfax, in the County of was presented

to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Exportation of our Wool is of pernicious Consequence to this Kingdom; and though many Acts of Parliament have been made to prevent the fame, yet it cannot be effectually done, unless feme Fund were provided to pay Salaries to Officers employed for that Purpose: And praying. That a Fund may be raised for the Encouragement of the Officers employed for preventing the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the exporting Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Parts; and to consider of the properest Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

5*3

laid before thems and that they might have Leave to fit again.

The Copy of the Representation from the Commissioners of Trade, relating to the Difference of the Value of Gold and Silver, presented to the House Yesterday, was read.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Represerv-tation be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Price of Gold.

Resolved, That this House do immediately resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Price of Gold.

The House refblved itself into the said Committee, accordingly.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir Gods rey Copley took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported from the said Committee,

That they had come to a Resolution; which they had# directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Mom- State of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Navy* House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

r 50 — 16° Februarii.

Ditto. A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, and other Traders, in the Woollen Manufactory, in and about the Town of JVaktfield, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That many good Acts have been made to prevent the Exportation of English Wool; yet that evil Practice.....can-

not effectually be put in Execution, unless some Fund be raised for Payment of a competent Salary to Officers employed1 for that Purpose: And praying the House to make some Provision for the Encouragement of Officers employed to prevent the Exportation of Wool.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the Exportation of Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Parts; and to consider of the properest Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom.

Members Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into summoned. Westminster-hall, and Court of Requests, and summon

the Members there to attend the Service of the House. And he went accordingly.

And, being returned i

Price of Gold The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-and Silver, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to ^r?, Z2Cy consider of the Price of Gold.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being acquainted, That there was a Difference in the Committee who should take the Chair thereof;

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left die Chair.

Sir Godfrey Copley took the Chair of die Committee. Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported from the said Committee, That the Committee being acquainted, that a Copy of a Representation from the Commissioners of Trade, relating to the Difference of the Value of Gold and Silver, had been presented to the House; thereupon, they had directed him to more, That the said Copy might be Vol.XII.

Javis, 16° die Februarii; ii* Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

SI R Charles Ba/rington, according to Order, presented Andrew*' to the House a Bill for Sale of the Manor of Dawn- Eliate. ham, in the County of Essex, the Estate of Sir Francis Andrews; and for buying and selling other Lands to the same Uses: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time, upon this Day Sevennight.

A Petition of John Prideaux Esquire was presented to Newport the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioner, Election, and Thom. Stratford Esquire, flood Candidates at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this pr< Sent Parliament for the Borough of Newport, in the County of Cornwall-, where the Petitioner had a Majority of 34 Voices, duly qualified; yet the Vianders, who, with the Freeholders and Inhabitants, ought to have made the Return, withdrew themselves from the said Borough without declaring who was duly elected, though demanded thereto by the Petitioner, and his Electors; and, in another County, by themselves alone, signed a Return from Mr. Stratford; contrary to the ancient Constitution of the said Borough, and in Prejudice to the Petitioner's Right: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir Richard Cocks, according to Order, presented to Papists the House a Bill to prevent Settlements, made by Papists, Protestant from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs; And the same Heir1, was received; and read the First time.

Resolved \That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Onslo and Mr. Weston Ledging-be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of I18"*'8 ne": ifofert Udgingfwn fa referred. ^J^dF,r4

6 P A Petition

5 H

16* — 170 Februarii.

A. 1698.

Woollen A Petition of the Corporation of the Borough of Leeds, he received 3,500 Pieces of Eight, of Martin IVcstcmb Menufadure. jn Rying of the County of York, and of the Esquire, who told him, That was all that was ordered

Merchants, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the him, as his, and Company's, Share of the said Prize; Woollen Manufactures, and of other the Inhabitants of and the Petitioners never received any more; to their the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; great Discouiagement: And praying, That Justice may letting forth, That, for many Years past, great Quantities be done them, so that they may have their Share of the of our Woollen Manufactures have been transported, said Prize, as the Law directs therein, and vended in Flanders; but foreign Letters give an Ac- Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition count, that the Prohibition, or great Duties, laid upon be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of their Manufactures imported hither, puts them upon re- Captain is referred: And that they do examine the newing a Trade of making Cloth, as they formerly did; Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion and there is great Reason to believe, that they intend to therein, to the House. prohibit our Woollen Manufactures: And praying, That the Woollen Manufactory may by some tneans be prevented from being set up in Flanders, and other foreign Countries; and that the Commerce and Trade of this

Sir Godfrey Copley, according to Order, reported, from Price of G«M the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was re-ferred to consider of the Price of Gold, the Resolution pfGuki

Kingdom in that great staple Commodity, may be Ytill of the said Committee; which they had directed him to

preservd and maintained.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, is referred:

And that the Lord Fairfax, Lord Chenie, and all that

report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That no Person, by reason of the Act, made in the 7th and 8th Year of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act to encourage the bringing Plate into the Mint, to be

Trent

Navigation.

Preventing Corruption of Juries.

serve for the Counties of York and Cornwall, be added coined; and for the further remedying the ill State of the to the said Committee. Coin of the Kingdom; is obliged to take Guineas at

Two-and-twenty Shillings apiece.

The said Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to make the River Trent, up to Burton, navigable: And that Mr. Pagit, Mr. Dyott, and Mr. Cook, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Juries: And that Sir Cocks and Sir John Williams do prepare, and bring in, Majesty, the Bill.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to hi*

Leave of -Absencfi,

Liverpoole

Parish.

Ordered, That Henry Yates Esquire have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Sir Robert Cotton, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the enabling the Town of Liver})Oole to build a Church, and endow the lame, by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton;was committed; That

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Couper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Eyres, Mr. Roxtmey, Mr. Haney, Claims'for Mr. Swift, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Priztt.

they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which Rudge, Lord Norris, Mr. Churchill, Mr. Mr.

they had directed him to report to the House; which he Pendants, Sir Mr. Carter,

read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Mr. Air. White, Mr. Stringer, be added to the

Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read through- Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain out; and then several of them a Second time, one by is referred, one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Report be adjourned till. Tomorrow Alorning, Ten a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Alorning, Eight a Clock.

Committee*.

Vi$ualing the Fleet.

Mr. Papillon, from the Commissioners for Victualing, acquainted the House, That their Order of the 14th Instant being general, they desired the same might be explained.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Victualing do lay before this House their Obferrations and Exceptions to the Account of Admiral Russell, ~e L'~

Fleet in the Mediterranean.

of his victualing the

Claims for Prises.

Venens, 17* die 11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

SIR Edward Hussey, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable his Majesty's natural- t9 born Subjects to inherit, the Estate of their Ancestors,

Pi

a]

ti

A Petition of Captain James Atkins, late Commander either lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or of his Majesty's Ship Greyhound, in behalf of himself. Mother were Aliens: And the lame.was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

and Ship's Company, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, in 1695, he was, by the Order of Admiral Russell, commanded to cruize off the Straits Alouth; where be took a French Prize, called the St. John Baptist, of Twenty Guns, whole Cargo oft, at Lisbon, betwixt 26 and 30,0001. Sterling; which Ship and Cargo the Petitioner delivered up to the said Admiral; who ordered him to crude again off Thoulon; which he did; and, about Two Months after, returning;

Ordered, That the Petition of thedisbanded Serjeants, irishAnws.

Corporals, Drums, and (Centinels, of the Two Marine Regiments, lately commanded by the Right Honourable the Marquis of Carmarthen, and the Honourable Sir Cloudesly Shovell, presented to the House the 6th of February instant, and ordered to lie upon the Table, be referred to the Consideration of the Committee, to whom

the

x i W. III. 17° Februarii.

5i5

the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment the Petitioner may be at Liberty to proceed against him, is referred: as he shall be advised.

And that Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Williams, Sir And Mr. Boulter desiring, That he may have a Copy Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Blisse, Sit Robert of the said Petition, in order to give his Anfiver thereunto?

Eden, Mr. Vernon, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr Conyers, Mr. Ordered, That Mr. Boulter have a Copy of the said

Harvey, be added to the said Committee: And that the Petition; and do attend, ia his Place, upon Monday Committee have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Morning next Records.

Victualing Mr. Papillon, according to Order, presented to the the fleet. House a Copy of the Accounts, delivered by Mr. Reynolds to the Commissioners for victualing his Majesty's Navy, of the Monies received by the Right Honourable Admiral Russell in the Straits; with the Observations, Exceptions, and Transactions thereupon.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Accounts are contained in a Book by itself.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts, Observations, Exceptions, and Transactions, thereupon, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Darcy'* Ordered, That the Bill for Sale of feme Part of the

Estate. Estate late of Sir Thomas Darcy, deceased, for Payment of Debts, be read Tomorrow Morning.

I.iv«rpoole The House resumed the further Consideration of the Farish. Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Town of Liverpoo/e to build a Church, and endow the fame, by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a

Parish of itself, distinct from Walton....

Ordered, That the said Report be re-committed to the same Committee, upon the Debate of the House.

Darwent A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Inha-

Navigation. bitants, of the County of Leicester, particularly those of

Kcgivorlh, Donington, Hennington, and the Towns adjacent, lying near the River in the County of

Derby, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said River navigable, w ill not only be of great Benefit to the Petitioners and the County of Derby, in the way of Trade, but will be a means to preserv the Highways in the adjacent Counties: And praying, That the said Bill C.: may pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

until the said Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. Bachrcell have Leave to go into the Absence. Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Phillips have Leave to go into the Country for SixWeeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to go

into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Privilege of a Member in & Suit.

Ufi

Os?

111*

iii*3

A Petition of Charles Bodvile Earl of Radnor was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in Right of . late Wife, who was foie Daughter and Heir of Sir John Cutler, deceased, having great Demands on Edmund Boulter Esquire, relating to the real and personal Estate of Sir John Cutler, preferred his Bill in Chancery, to bring Mr to an Account;

who ought to have answered the Bill in Hilary Term then next, and promised so to do, and comply with the Petitioner's Demands; but, being since chosen a Member of this House, he infills on his Privilege} refusing to give it under his Hand, that he waves it, though he promised not to infill on Privilege, before several Witnesses; but the Courts of Law will not proceed against him, neither will he answer the said Bill: And praying, That the House will order Mr. Boulter to wave his Privilege, that V01..XIL

Ordered, That Mr. Halford have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of Thomas Hammersley and Henry Caldecott, Citizens and Linen-drapers of London, was presented to the House.

Ordered, That the said Petition be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Godfrey Copley reported from the Committee, to whom was referred the several Lists of Commissioners and Receivers, will) the , NTames of the Members of the House therein contained; which he read in his Place j and afterwards delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

That Richard H'ooUaston Esquire, now a Member of this House, by several Commissions from the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury, was appointed Receiver-General for the County of Hertford, of the Duties upon Marriages, Births, and Burials; and allb, of the Duties upon Houses: And it does not appear to the Committee, That the said Comnaffions have been altered, or any others appointed, by new Commissions, to succeed him:

That Sir Wiliam Sceneen, a Member of this House, was one of the Receivers of the first Fourth Part of Twelve hundred thousand Pounds, contributed to the King's Use, by Subscribers to the Bank of England, in the Year 1694; being the reunto appointed purliiant to an Act of Parliament, which was passed in the Session held, by Prorogation, upon the 7th Day of November 1693; and was a Member of Parliament, in the same Session; and the Money by him, and others, received for the said first Fourth Part, was by them paid into the Exchequer, and accounted for, in the said Year 1694:

That Sir William Ashurst and Sir Herne, Members of this House, are Two of the Trustees for Exchanging of Exchequer Bills; the Subscribers having appointed them, amongst several c*;hers, to be their Cashiers, and to manage their Money: But it appeared to the Committee, That Sir Win Ashurst hath declined to act in that Trust, since his being a Member of Parliament.

Commissioners of the Treasury.

Sir Stcph.For Knight, Sir Edw. Seymour Baronet, Ch.

Mountague Esquire, were Commissioners of the Treasury at the Time of making the Act, passed in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates and Duties upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquors.

Commissioners of the Customs.

George Booth Esquire, Sir Robert Clayton Knight, Cha. Godolphin Esquire, were Commissioners of the Customs at the time of passing the said Act.

The Commissioners of the Excise that were in Commission at the time of passing that Act are none of them Members of this present Parliament.

Treasury.

Cha. Mountague Esquire, Sir Fox Knight, John Smith Esquire, Sir TJ10. Littleton Baronet, 77*). Pelham Esquire, are the present Commissioners of the Treasury; and Members of this House.

Customs.

Cha. Godolphin Esquire, Sir Walter Young Baronet, Robert Henley Esquire, Sir Wm. St. Quinlin Baronet, are the present Commissioners of the Customs; and Members of this House.

Excise.

Edward Clark Esquire, Foot Onslow Esquire, Philip Meadutwes Esquire, Sir William AshursKnigh

Montague,

Leave of Absence*

Abuses in King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Members

accepting

Places.

7° — 18° Februarii.

A. 1698.

14mtagut E&ynre, E WiamCarr Esqulre, WiRidmFimmng Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table

Esquvre, are the present Comundioivere of the Excise; and until the Report touching the Hamborough Company be Members of this House. taken into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Confedera-

tion upon Monday Morning next: And that the Members therein concerned do then attend the House, in their Places.

WooWen Manufactnrt.

Mr. Hunt, according to Order, presented to the House Sedgmor* a Bill for opening the ancient Roynes and Watercourses Drainage, in Sedgmore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Morning

next.

Leave of AUfeoce.

State of the Navy.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to encourage the W oollen Manufacture in England', and to restrain the Exportation of W ooWen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for foe better preventing foe Exportation of A Bill to enable Maje % '» natural-born Sub)«as Alw,

Wool from England and Ireland; was committed v be inherit the Eftafce of their Ancestors, either lineal or Children to

made upon Wednesdaynext, at Eleven a Clock} and collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were inlierit othing to intervene. Aliens, was read the First time.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Alston have Leave to go into That the Bill be read a Second time.

the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions. , .

Mr. Clark, according to Order, presented to the Hoafe Elections-

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- a Bill for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sherifls, PreveD>

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members ^r[ff"tun

jVf

in

consider further of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the fold Committee, That

chosen to serve in Parliament: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Refobed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Traders and Dealers in the Woollen Exporting the y had made a further Progrets in the Matter to them Manufacture, residing within the Borough of Reading, in W'oaL referred , and had directed him to move, That they may the County of Berks, in behalf of themselves, and the have Leave to fit again. Poor employed by them, was presented to the House,

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners are very ing next, refotoe itself into a Committee of the whole much impoverished by the Decay of Trade, by reason House, to consider further of the State of the Navy. of the Exportation of our Wool; and a Method being

to be proposed to the House to prevent the fame, by

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

way of an Inspection and Register of Sheep and Wool,

Durey's

Dilate,

A1

And then the House adjourned till To-morFow upon all the Sea-coasts of England and Scotland' the Pe-Morning, Eight a Clock. titioners conceive, such a Method will effectually prevent

the Exportation of Wool, and recover our foreign Trade, — " — ~ ~ Lr"r'in' at present supplanted by Ireland, Scotland\ France and

Holland: And praying, That the said Proposal may pase into an Act, with Inch Amendments and Regulations as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the Exporting of Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Farts; and to consider the pro-pereft Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sabbati, 18° die Februarii;

;ii* Guiielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

BILL for Sale of feme Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas jDarcy, deceased, for Payment of Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon

Thursday Morning next.

Hamborough A Petition of the Serge-makers, Fullers, and others, ompany. concerned in the Woollen Manufactures of the Town of Ashburton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the

House, and read;.....by an Act of Parliament,

made in the lit Year of his Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, a free Trade was granted, for Exportation thereof, to Holland, Flanders, Germany, and the Parts adjacent thereto; whereby the Petitioners, and many Thousands of their Neighbours, have experienced the Benefits arising the reby: And praying, That the said Freedom of Trade to all Persons may be continued; and that the same may not be confined to any particular Company.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Report touching the Hamborough Company be taken into Consideration.

Ditto. A Petition of the Clothiers and other Traders in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Town and Parish of Totnesse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by virtue of an ACi, made in the First Year of his now Majesty's Reign, for encouraging the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, a free Trade was granted therein, to the Low Countries, Germany, and Parts adjacent, which greatly advanced the said Trade; the contrary of which mult have been the Ruin of many hundred Families: And praying, That a free Trade to those Parts may be continued. and not confined to a particular Company.

A Petition of the Serge-makers and Wool-combers of Ditto, the Town and County of Southampton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, formerly, a Liberty was granted of exporting 2,000 Tods of Wool to strfty, 1,000 Tods for Guern/iy, 200 for Alderney, and 100 Tods to Sark, One Moiety of which was combed in England, in King Charles the lid's Reign; but, in the Reign of the late King James, the said Quantities were doubled, by a Grant to Sir Edward Cartwright, and to be exported without combing; the fad EfleCis whereof the Petitioners feel, for want of Employment:

And praying, That feme Care may be taken to prevent the carrying away of our Wool unwrought.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way* to prevent the exporting of Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Parts; and to consider the pro-pereft Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Petition of the Tanners using Leadenhall Market, Duty om on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the Loathe* House, and read; letting forth, That, by rea/on of the late Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, there is a great Stop to the Currency of Trade, and almost Ruin of many

#f

f W* Ma

p.ii:

fid

h

I i W. III. 18° Febfuarii.517

of the Petitioners; and great Quantities of Leather are to be presented to his Majesty, That life wits plefefe to Exported from Ireland\ at 16 and 18/. per Cent. Ad- itfue his Royal Proclamation forremoving dll Papists from vantage to the Exporter, upon the Exchange of Money, the City of London, and Parts adjacent, according to the and paying no Duty; whereby they under-fell our Mer- Laws; and that the Law's may be put in Execution chants at foreign Markets; i'o that the Petitioners are against Papists, and all Persons whatsoever, who diiown forced to fell their Leather at as low or lower Rates than his Majesty s Government; That they bad drawn up an before the said Duty; and cannot therefore keep a Cur- Address accordingly; which they had directed him to Lcncy of Trade with Ireland; to the great Prejudice of report to the I Joule; which he read in his Place; and Rngland, in the staple Trade of Leather: And praying afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the Relief in the Premises. same was twice read; and then Paragraph by Paragraph;

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pn\y on A Petition of Journeymen Shoemakers of London>

Leather. Westmimter, Southwark, and their Brethren in the Country, with many poor Tradesmen, and others, that have a Dependence on the Leather Manufacture, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Act for giving a Liberty to transport Leather, a Duty was laid of 10/. perCent. upon unmanufactured JLeather; and but fi I. per Cent., on wrought Goods; fb that the Merchants, ever since the said Act, transport our best Leather into the Plantations, and make it up there; when, before, the Master-Shoemakers used to iupplythern; and the poor Petitioners never wanted Work; who now are ready to starve; and others in Prison for Debt; and many transport themselves to the Plantations for Employment: And praying the House to prohibit the Exportation of unwrought Leather, or to allow the whole Drawback on the Exportation of manufactured Goods.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ditto. A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Curriers, Whit-

tawers, and Glovers, of Uttoxeter, Crakemarsh, Abbots-Brornly, and Branishall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners lie under very great Hardship, by reason of the Duty upon Leather; for that Money is fearce; and thfe Petitioners, being Per-i fons of small or no fortunes, cannot carry on their

Trades without giving Credit for One-half of the Com-

t modities they deal in; and commonly, before Pay-day,

the Debtor runs away; to the Impoverishment of the ?3 Petitioners: And praying the House to consider the

Matter, and relieve them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Woollen Ordered, That the Members that serve for the County

' Mamrfaaure. of Wilts be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Cloth workers, and 1 Truders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the In-

habitants of the Town of Ratchdale, is referred.

Billingsgate A Petition of several Fishermen, inhabiting in the Fish mm ket. j]orou,]) Df Southwark, in behalf of themselves, and a 1 great many others, was presented to the House, and read;

letting forth, That the Petitioners labour under great Op-pieilions, by Impositions laid on them for bringing and

I felling their Fish at Billingsgate Market; by the Damage their small Vessels receive by great Ships crushing them in that Dock; by the Combination of the Company of

don Fish mongers, that Two of them shall buy for the 5 whole Company, and consequently the whole City; and

they also molest poor Men and Women in their buying

II Fish at. the said Market; to the great Prejudice of all Fishermen: And praying, That the Bill, depending in

® the House, for making Billingsgate a free Market, for

8 the Sale of Fish, m\y pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition i* be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is

if committed.

ijf

e

1

1

Augmenting Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for

Vicarages, settling Augmentations upon certain finall Vicarages: . And that Mr. Pelham and Mr. Onslow do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Enforcing Sir Rowland Gzryn reported from the Committee, to 11 " as rS‘errccf to draw up an humble Addrefe, api 8‘ Vol. XII.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in Parliament assembled, having observed the great Concourse to this City of Papists, and other dilaffcCted Persons who have not owned Your Majesty to be lawful and rightful King of these Realms; and the Boldnels they assume, from your Majesty's unexampled Clemency, not only to keep Horses and Arms, contrary to Law, but allb to frequent all public Places of Relbrt, near Your Two Houses of Parliament, and even to approach Your Royal Palaces; whereby they may have Opportunities to perpetrate any wicked Attempt against Your Royal Person; on the Safety and Preservation whereof our Religion and Liberties, and the Peace and Welfare, not only of these Kingdoms, but of all Europe, do, in very great measure, depend;

And having also considered the many Plots and Conspiracies against your Majesty's Person and Government, but especially the late horrid intended Assassination, contrived and carried on, not only by Papists, whose Religion and Interest might lead them to it, but even by such, who, at their Death, to the great Scandal of our Religion, professed and owned themselves to be Members of the Church of England; which, chiefly, under God, owes its Preservation and Defence to your Majesty and whole Doctrines are directly opposite to all such inhuman and treasonable Practices;

And having also certain Information, that great Numbers of Popish Priests and Jesuits, within this City, and Parts adjacent, intrude themselves into the Presence of sick and dying Persons, with Design to prevail upon them, in their Weaknefe, to be reconciled to the Church of Rome; and daily endeavour to pervert, and seduce from their Allegiance, Your Majesty's good Subjjefts, io}-poilbning them with their wicked and damnable Doctrines and Principles; and that they have imported great Quantities of Popish Books, and keep Schools to breed up and inllruft Children in the Romish Superstition and Idolatry:

We therefore bold ourselves obliged, for quieting the Minds of Your good Subjects, and in Duty to Your Majesty, humbly to beseech your Majesty, That You will be graciously pleased, in order to suppress such Practices of the reftlefe and notorious Enemies of Your Government, to issue out Your Royal Proclamation for removing all Papists, and others who disown Your Majesty's Government, from the City of and Parts adjacent, according to the Laws: And that the Laws may be put in Execution against them, in such manner, that their wicked Designs may be effectually disappointed.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put,

That the Concurrence of the Lords be desired in the said Address;

It pafl'ed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented by the whole House to his Majesty.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty s most honourable Privy-Council do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he w ill be attended by this House.

Mr. Cooper reported, from the Committee of the whole Supply. House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the several liesolutions,

to Q. which

5l8

18* — 20°

A. 1698.

which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Fifteen Thousand Men be employed for a Summer and Winter Guard of the Sea, for the Year 1699.

A Petition of Thomas Hammer.tley, and , Abufa

Citizens, and Linen-drapers, of London, which was pre- King's Bench fented to the House upon Friday last, was read; felting forth, That Gerrard Lodowkk being indebted to the Pe- u titioners, and others, for wliorn the Petitioners are Trustees, in about 2,000 /. they caused him to be arrested; who turned himself over to the Fleet; but the Warden

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, of the letting him have his Liberty, he will nut pay

That, for the (-l«arge of maintaining 1.5,000 Men for a Summer and Winter Guard of the Sea, for the Year 1699, there lie allowed, including the Charge of the Ordnance for Sea-Service, Four Pounds a Man, per Month, for Thirteen Months.

Refotvcd, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed for the Ordinary of the Navy, for the Year 1699, the sum of Two hundred and twenty thousand Pounds.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto,

his Creditors: which, they believe, he would do, if he were kept a close Prisoner, as by Law he ought; the Petitioners having obtained Two Judgments against the said Lodmekk, for 412 /.: And praying, That the Warden of the Fleet may keep the said Lodotcick a close Prisoner; or that the Warden may be obliged to make the Petitioners Satisfaction for their laid Debts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Goudall is referred; and who are to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the and

by leaving out " Fifteen," and inserting, instead thereof,: And that they do examine the Matter

} 189. } 184.

" Twelve

And the Question being Hand Part of the Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tcllere for the Noes,:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by adding " which 15,000 Men shalJconlift of Seamen only, " according to the ancient Usage of the Navy

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUersfor the } .87.

rr~- ——

Tellers for the Noes,

thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, put, That " Fifteen" do to the House.

[Mr. j

‘ ' So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, lb amended, That Fifteen thousand Men be employed for a Summer and Winter Guard of the Sea, for the Year 1699; which 15,000 Men shall conlift of Seamen only, according to the ancient Usage of the Navy.

The Second and Third Resolutions being severally read

A Petition of several of the Traders, Dealers, and Exporting others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, of the Wool. City of Coventry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there being a Rill presented, or intended to be presented, to the House, to prevent the Exportation of Wool by an Inspection and Register of Sheep and Wool round the Coasts of England, the Pe-tioners are of Opinion, the same will be effectual for the Ends intended: And praying, That a Bill may pal's for that Purpose.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition he referred to the Committee, who are to consider which way to prevent the Exportation of Wool from England ana Ireland to foreign Parts; and to consider of the pro-pereft Ways to encourage the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That the Lord JVm. and Mr. - Billingsgate

hagh, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Fidi-Muta making Billingsgate a free Market, for Sale of Fish, is committed.

The Lord Combury reported from the Committee, to Ledginj-whom the Petition of Robert Ledginis referred, for ha®'* the Encouragement of the Petitioners Invention of p"n

& Second time, were, upon the Question severally put Pumps, That they had heard the Members of -

thereupon, agreed unto by the House. touching the same and that they had conceived

it necessary, That an Experiment should be made of the Petitioner's Pumps, in order to their better Proceeding; and that they had directed him to move the House, That And then the House adjourned till Monday the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty may appoint

Committees, Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 20* die Februarii;

ii* Gulielmi Tertii.

a Ship for that Purpose, and that the Petitioner may have a convenient Number of Seamen to help him therein.

Ordered, That the Lords Commissioners of the Admiralty do appoint One of his Majesty's Ships, together with a convenient Number of Seamen, for the Purpose aforesaid.

Prayers.

Young's

E/iate.

A Petition of the Company of the Royal Fishery of England was presented to the House, and read; setting

Encouraging the Fishm*

A BILL to enable John Young Gentleman to fell forth, That the bell Nursery for breeding able and hardy Lands for Payment of Debts and Legacies, was, Seamen, is the Fishing Trade; and all Nations and States according to Order, read a Second time. are Itronger and weaker at Sea, as the Fishery is more or

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Tren- left encouraged: That King Charles the I Id, by his chard. Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Letters Patents of the 25th of September, 29th of his Baltiscomb, Mr. Carter, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Hayes, Reign, constituted the said Company, with several Pri- Mr. York, Sir JVm. York, Mr. Miller, Mr. Mason, Lord vileges, for their Encouragement; who have been liner Combury, Mr. Clayton, Sir RowlandGzoynn, Mr. Bio- at great Expence to regain the said Trade; and, about Jeild, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. England \Mr. Two Years 13nee, opened Books for Subscriptions, to

Osborne, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Rogers, 500,000 I. Value, for a Stock > and a considerable Sum and all die Members that serve for the Counties of Dorset w as subscribed; but most of the Subscribers are unwilling and Devon: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in to perform their Subscriptions, e/s eltabiished by Par-the Speaker's Chambers. liament, with further necessary Privileges for cnrrying on

17 the

11 W. III.

20° Februarii.

5*9

the said Trade; which will effectually turn the Balance Ordered, That the Bill to prevent Settlements made by Papists Proof Traded the Advantage of England, which otherwise Papists, for disinheriting their Protestant Heirs, be read kAuiit Heirs, will be. taken from us by Ireland: And praying the Con- a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

liberation of the House, for regaining the Pithing Trade, lb as this Kingdom may enjoy the Benefit thereof.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Encouragement of the Royal Fishery of England: And that Sir Rowland Mr. Freeman, Mr. and Mr. Moor, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Irish Arrears. A Petition of the Non-commission Officers, and pri-

vate liorfemen, of Colonel Theodore Russell's Regiment, who are unpaid their Arrears, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That their said Colonel hath a great deal more Money in his Hands, than belongs to him; yet hd refuses to pay the Petitioners, or make up

A Message from the Lords, by. Sir and

Mr. Meredith

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Yarmouth for the clearing, repairing, preserving, and maintaining, Harbour, the Haven and Piers of Great Yarmouth, in the County of N w ithout any Amendment. Allb, The Jx>rds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act 8t Pitre'* to naturalize James St. Piere, with lbme Amendments: Nat*

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Ship* Mar-

their Accounts; though he has fully paid the Commissionr the Ships Margaret and Friendship of to trade 8ar<t an<?

Kin" appoints to be attemied.

Elections — preventing Irregularity in Retunife

Officers, and ffich Soldiers as were w holly discharged the Service, upon breaking the said Regiment, in 1690; but the Petitioners being about 140, and disposed into other Regiments, could never get their Accounts made up: And praying such Relief therein, as the House shall think meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment i6 referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, That his Majesty had lieen plealed to appoint to be attended by this House Tomorrow at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, at Kensington.

0

Ordered, That the Bill for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in making the Rer turns of Members to serve in Parliament, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

as free Ships, without any Amendment: Allb, friendship.

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to sibourg's,&c. naturalize Charles de Slbourg and Francis St. George, Nat. without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Members

summoned.

DaTwent

Navigation.

Ordered, That the Serjeant do go with the Mace into Westminst&'rhall, and fumroon the Members them to attend the Service of the House.

And he went accordingly.

And, being returned;

A Bill for making the River Darwent, in the County of Derby, navigable, was, according to Order, read a

Mr. Boulter attending, in his Place, according to Order;

The Petition of the Earl of Radnor was again read:

And Mr. Boulter was heard thereunto.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of Fast; and report the same to the House.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referied to examine the Lists of the Receivers, and Names of the Commissioners of the Treasury, Customs, and Excise, at the Time of the making the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of his Majesty's Reign, for granting to his Majesty certain Rates upon Salt, and upon Beer, Ale, and other Liquore; and of the present Commissioners:

And Mr. fVoolaston, attending in his Place, was heard.

And then withdrew.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Richard Woolastm Esquire, being a Member of the House of Commons, and having since been concerned, and acted, as a Receiver of the Duties upon Heufes, as also upon Births, Marriages, and Burials,

Privilege of a Memoer in a Suit,

A Member

expelled for accepting a Place.

ecfnf| . , , _ ,. . , contrary to the Act, made in the 5th and 6th Years of

And a Motion being made^and the Question being his Reign> for granting several Duties upon

' Salt, Beer, Ale, and other Liquors, be expelled this

140.

j.-

161.

Newfoundland Trade.

ftp

t#1

put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yea6 go forth.

Mers for the Yea,.

Teller, for the Noe,.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the BUI be rejected.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for encouraging the Trade to Newfoundland: And that Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Guyn, and Mr. , do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

}»33t

Officers fitting in the House.

Call of the House.

Sir Richard Onslow, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to restraiu the Number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the BUI be read a Second time, upon Friday next, after Twelve a Clock-

Ordered, That the House be called upon- this Day Severmight: And that such Members of this House as shall not then attend be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Vo 1. XII.

House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Telkre for fl® Y ew,j]}rr;

Teller, for tb* N«9,{J£; .

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Whitchurch the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for foe Writ* desting a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for fee Borough of Whitchurch, in the County of Southampton, in the room of Richard Woollaston Esquire, expelled this House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning State of the next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, havJ,> to copfider further of the State of the N^vy.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

52°

2i° Febru

A. 1698*

Mart is, 21* die Februarii;

11* Gulieltni Tertii.

Prayers. i

Males' A PETITION of Captain John Meoles, whose

lsiat* I\ Grandfather and Father were natural born Subjects,

and who was in Service in the Regiment recalled by Proclamation in the Beginning of the Reign of King Charles the Second, and ever since in the old Holland Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, notwithstanding he was so born of his Father's Side, yet, his Mother, being a Dutch Woman, he cannot have the Benefit of the Statute of King Edward the II Id, whereby Children born out of this Realm, whose Fathers and Mothers were of the King's Leigeance, might be as natural-born Subjects of EnglandAnd praying Leave to bring in a Bill to naturalize the Petitioner.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Colonel Churchill and Mr. Sloane do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ship A Petition of John Sykes Esquire, in behalf of himself

Nttzmth. anfj others, Owners of the Ship , Burden about

150 Tons, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, during the late War, the said Ship was built in Spain, for a Runner; and has been of great Use, and brought much Culioms to the King: That the said Ship was rigged and fitted out in England] and, with other Charges, the Work done to her in England amounts to much more than (lie is worth: That Ihe now wants Repairs; and the Owners and Mariners are all Englishmen: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, That the said Ship may traffick and trade as a free £«g7wA-built Ship.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Robert Eden and Sir Ab Danby, do prepare, and

bring in, the Bill.

Ships John A Petition of William Holman, and Thomas Scott, of and William, London, Merchants, on behalf of themselves, and the and Industry. rest of the Owners of the Ships John and and

Industry, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the said Ships have been free about Six or Seven Years; in which time, they have been almost rebuilt from the Ground to the Keel, at the Petitioners Charge, who are all English; but by a late Act of Parliament, the said Ships are prohibited to trade to the . Plantations, as formerly: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill, to make them free to trade, as the House has done to others, under the like Circumstances.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition; And that Sir Wm. Ashurst do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

lmbAman. a Petition of John Hackwell, Alexander Gambell, and divers others, on behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Regiment of Horse, lately commanded by Brigadier Fillers, now Major-General Levfons, was presented to the House. and read; setting forth, That there is an Ar-rear due to the Petitioners, of 50, 40, and 30/. a Man, more or less, for their Service in Ireland, as appears by Accounts stated by the late Commissioners of Accounts; since which they have applied to the General Officers, at the Horse-Guards, and elsewhere, without any Relief; so that many of them have been call into Prison; others ready to ltarve; and feme that have fold their Arrears for a 4th Part of what is due to them, for Want; and the rest are like to fall into the like Misfortunes, unless they have feme speedy Relief from the House: And praying, That 2,222 I.that is frill due from his Majesty, may not be paid to their Officers; and that the House will

consider their deplorable Condition, in order to their Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is.referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranela or Mr. Abbott, Army do forthwith lay before this House an Account of the Arrears. Arrears due to the four Companies of New-York, in America.

Mr. Eyres, according to Order, presented to the House Woollen a Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manu- Manuta^ure* fasture, by enforcing the Act, in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to restore the Market at Black-well-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Major William Lower, Major Wm. Dar- Lower's, nell, and Captain Peter Godby, was presented to the Nat.

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have served under the Crown of England, One of them 40 Years, another 26 Years, and the other Eighteen Years, and are of English Parents: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr,

Hoblyn, and Mr. Pendarvis do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to A|ien# inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, lineal or collateral, children to notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was inherit, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Edw.

Hussey, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Hoar, Mr. , Mr.

Dyot, Sir John Bolls, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Aislaby, Mr. Eyres, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Offiey,

Mr. Crane, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Brewer, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Mr. Phil-lipps, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Harcourt, Dr. Davenant, Mr.

Parkhurst, Mr. Campion, Lord Mr. Eyre,

Mr. Proby: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the Moor* House a Bill for Sale of the Manor of Halwill and Beckett, Kftau. with their Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands of John Moor Esquire, by Trustees, for Payment of the Debts of the said John MoorAnd the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Aldermen, Stewards, Wardens, and Duty on Brethren, of the Company, or Feltowship, of Fell Leulli<:r-mongers, Skinners, and Glovers, trading in the Town of Hexham, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the Duties upon Leather, and Salt, and the Manner of collecting the fame, their said Trades are very much lessened, and the Petitioners and their Families reduced to extreme Want thereby: And praying such Relief therein, as the House shall think meet

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the P‘,re'* Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for natu- Nmt* ralizing James St. Piere:

And the same were read; and are as follow;

In the Title, after " St. Picre,"add " Denty " and Remand Hensbere:"

1 Skin

9

Sedgmore

Drainage.

Leave of Absence.

Vesey's

Elections — preventing Irregularity in Returns.

Tone

Navigation.

Supply.

ti W. III. ' 2i° — 22° Febrtiarii. 521

1 Skin, 1 L. instead of " beseecheth," read " beLeech:"

6 L. after France," insert "Denty. Son

" of Paul Deniy, by Margarite de his Wife*

" born in Dauphine, in France; and liamnd

" Son of Adrian Hemberg, by Apolonia Carajf'a his " Wife, born at Bruxells, in Brabant 9 L. for " his," read " their

18 L. after " Jaquin,"add and

" RemandHensberg;" and, for " is," read " are

20 L. leave out " a

21 L. for " Subjefit," read " Subjects

22 L. for " is," read " are:"

2.5 L. for " he," read "they;" and leave out " a;" and for " Subject," read "Subjects:"

29. L. after " Jaquin," add " John Denty and " Remond Hensbergh and, for "is," read "are:"

39 L. after " his," read " or their:"

40 L. after "his," read "or their:"

2 Skin, 4 L. after " him," read " or them

7 L. after " he," read " or they :"

13 L. after " he," read " they

14 L. after "Jaquin," add "John Denty and

" Remond Hensbergh

19 L. leave out " a:"

20 L. for " Subject," read " Subjects."

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second

time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Carter do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Bill for opening the ancient Roynes and Water-courses in Sedgmore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon this Day Fortnight

Ordered, That Mr. Throgmorton have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Dudley Vesey to fell Lands, to pay Debts charged thereupon: And that Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clark, Mr. Baltiscomb, Lord Combury, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Perry,

Mr. Ash, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Walter Young, Sir

Wnu Drake, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir Fra. Molineux, Mr. Gwynn, Mr. Moor, Mr. Campion, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Bolls, Sir Rich. Cox, Mr. Monstexcn, Mr. Palmes, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Freke, Mr. Mr.

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Hays, Mr. Ryder, Mr. Duke, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Morgan, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Hamomd, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Bulkly, Mr. England: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning, at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Message from the Lords by Sir Robert Regard and Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for making the River Tone navigable, from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset, with feme Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the MdTengers withdrew.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to You XII.

consider further of . Supply to be granted to his Majesty.|

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Couper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned, except Committees, the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Price

Esquire to transfer a Charge of One thousand Pounds, for the Use of his younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the Counties of llerejord and Radnor, of better.....is committed.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercuni, 22* die FebrUani;

11' Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Freemen of the City of Billingsgate Loiulon, Importers of Salt, Oranges, Lemons, 8$c. Hth Mark.t, brought into Billingsgate Dock, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petitioners understand, that several Fishermen have petitioned this House, complaining, That their Filliing-vessels are much damaged by great Vessi ls, which import Salt, Oranges, Lemons, and other Commodities, into the said Dock; with Design to prevent stich Importation; which has been the Petitioners Right, Time out of Mind; and is only a Contrivance of the Wharfingers between the Tower and London Bridge, to bring all Goods to their Wharfs and Keys, for their Advantage, though to the Petitioners Prejudice:

And praying, That their said Rights may not be taken away; and that they may be heard, by Counsel, before the Bill, now in the House, for making Billingsgate a free Market, for Sale of FHh, do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that they do hear the Petitioners, by their Counsel.

A Petition of Colonel John Montargier, Lieutenant- Montargicr* Colonel of the Honourable Brigadier Richard Nut.

Regiment of Foot, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he hath faithfully served the Crown of England, with Reputation, about 30 Years; and has received several Wounds in the Service; particularly a Shot which has rendered him same of one of his Legs; and Two of his Brothers have been killed in his Majesty's Service: He therefore prays, That I.eave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Theophilus Oglethorp and Sir Joseph Trcdenham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Anthony Bart let, John Spreston, and John Army West, on the behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Arrears, reduced Serjeants, Corporals, Drums, and Centinels, of the Honourable Brigadier Ingoldsby's Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, for the rr.oft Pail, have served ever since the Resolution; for which Service, there is great Arrears due to them, there never being any Clearance, nor can they yet get any particular Account; but, upon Application, the Commissioners at the Horse-Guards, in 1697, adino-nished Colonel Ingoldsby to account with, and pay, the Petitioners; but he went into Ireland, without doing either; though the Petitioners believe, that great Part of w hat is due to the Petitioners is in the Agents and Officers Hands: And praying Relief in the Prenaifes, as the House shall think fit.

6 R, Ordered,

Tone

Navigation.

Woollen

JHanufacture.

Ditto.

Preventing burning of Houft*.

522 220 Februarii. A1698.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for making the River Tone navigable, from Bridgwater to,

in the County of Somerset:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

to Skin, 20, 21. L. instead of " shall, or are like to," read " are or shall

12 Skin, 13 L. instead of " within One Month after," read " at the next General Quarter-Sessions of the Peace, " that shall be held for the said County of Somerset, after " the said 24th Day of June."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, that this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Petition of the Merchants, Sergo-makers, and others, principal Inhabitants of the Town and Parish of Tiverton, and Parts adjacent, in the County of Devon, was p relented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, foe several Years past, the Petitioners have made and ex-, ported great Quantities of Woollen. Manufactures into Flanders, which is their whole Dependence; from w hence they have Advice, that our Prohibition and Impositions on their Lace and Linen is like to occ&fion their Prohibition, or laying great Impositions upon the English Woollen Manufactures imported; and that they intend to let up and encourage the Woollen. Manufactures in Flanders; which will be the utter Ruin of that Trade in the Western Parts of England: And praying, That the Woollen Mannfo&ory may be encouraged in England, and prevented from being let up in foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lam-caster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Ordered, That Mr. Churchill and Mr. Stringer be Claims of added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain *>ni4es‘

Craw is referred.

A Petition of the several Traders in the Linen Manu- Duty on Irifc factures, within the Kingdoms of England and Ireland, Lmen* was presented to the House, and read; lotting forth,

That, by an Act of Parliament, made 7* <§ 8° Willi-elm, for encouraging the Linen Manufacture of Ireland,

Liberty was given to import into England from Ireland,

Hemp, Flax, Thread, Yarn, and Lines; but, by another Act, made in the 9th and 10th Years of his Majesty's Reign, a Duty of 5/. per Cent, was laid on all Goods imported from Ireland; so that the Conmrissioners of the Customs have received that Duty for all Linen Cloth,

Thread, and Linen Yam, from Lxtand, to the great Dil-couragement of the Linen Manufacture there: And praying, That the Duty of 5 I.per Cent, may be taken oft' from Linen Cloth; and that a Duty of per Found be laid on all Thread and Linen Yarn imported from which will necelfitate them to work their Yam into Linen Cloth there, which.now they do not.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed toinlpect the Buying and laws relating to the Buying and Selling of live Cattle; fellingCault* and bo consider bow to make the Act, that Butchers shall not be Graziers, more effectual; and to report theis Opinion therein to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Hammond, Sit Dauby, Mr. Conyers, Sir Richard Cocks, Si Drake,

Mr. Bridges, Sir Walter Young, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr.

Bsrnardtston, Lord Spencer, Mr. EMr. Parkhurst, Sir John Bodes, Sir Ilemy Earlier, Sir Edw. Hussey, Sir Edw. Hunger ford, Mr. Lowther, Sir Barth. Mr.

Mountague, Mr. Price, Mr. W dish, Sir John. Mordant, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Buller, Mr. Bertie,

Sir William Thomas, Sir Geo. Hungerf Mr. Bollock, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Hancock, Mr. York, Mr. Almost,

Mr. Hayes: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Sum of Forty thousand Pounds, Appllcatio* of the Eight hundred thousand Pounds granted tx> his of Money Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary voted* Occasions, may be applied for the- victualling the Fleet, for the Year 1699.

A Petition, of the Woolten* drapers, and Clothworkers, of the Town of Shrewsbury, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the additional Duty lately laid upon Flanders Linen Cloth, is like to occasion a great Duty, or a Prohibition to our Woollen Manufactures Importation there; which will prove very prejudicial to England: And praying, That the said additional Duty may be taken off, it being, as the Petitioners conceive, the tnoft probable Expedient to prevent the said intended Prohibition, or Duties, on our Woollen Manufactures to be imported into Flanders.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, and Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine, of Lan* caster, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein* to the House.

Mr. Price, according to Order, presented to the House & Bill for the better preventing the malicious burning. and destroying Houses, Buildings, Fences, Corn, Hay, Grass, and other Improvements: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question, being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he, with the Answer t* House, did Yesterday attend his Majesty, with their Ad* Addrefc. dress, That his Majesty would please to iflbo his Royal Proclamation, for removing all Papists and others who difawn his Majesty's Government, from- the City of London,- and Parts adjacent, according to the Laws} and that the Laws may be- pat in Execution against them, in such manner, that their wicked Designs may be effectually disappointed: And that his Majesty was pleated to lay to this Effect;

Gentlemen,

I will take care, that the Laws (bast be put in Execution, according to your Desire.

.1

Sir JosephJYedenham, according to Order, reported, Woollen

from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the MmufaSurej Bill to encourage the Woollen Manufacture in England; and to restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from and

Ireland; wae committed \ the Amendments made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House j which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table j Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered,

i r W. III.

22* — f23° Februarii.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

Exporting

Wool.

leave of Absence.

Sir Joseph Tredenham also reported from the said

Committee, That they had coofidcred the Petition of the principal Traders and Dealers in the Woollen Manufacture, residing within the Town and Borough of in the County of Gloucq/ler, in behalf of themselves, and the poor Inhabitants employed therein, the Confederation whereof wa9 referred to the said Committee: And that the Committee were of Opinion, That the belt Way to prevent the Inconveniencies mentioned in the said Petition, was, by laying a Duty upon the Goods therein specified; which that Committee had not Power to do.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table until the House shall resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. Dolby hare Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Committees. , Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 23* die Februarii it* GulielmiTertii.

Pa AYERS.

D«ty am A PETITION of fever* 1 Persons, for and on behalf

Ghfc. il of themselves, and the rest of the many poor labouring Artificers in the Glass Manufacture, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the House was pleased, the last Parliament, to take off Half the Duty which was laid upon Glass, and the whole Duty laid upon Earthen-wares and Tobacco-pipes, it being apparently proved, that the said Duties were an Oppression to the Petitioners, That the remaining Half Duty upon Glals will not yield i,oooo/. per Annum to the Crown, as they are credibly informed; but yet is a great Grievance to the Petitioners, who have bad but very little Work since the Half Duty has been taken off, their Masters felling their Goods to little or no Profit: And praying, That the said remaining Half Duty may be taken off; whereby they may be enabled to get Bread for their Families.

Ordered That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, -to the Hoofe:

And it is referred to Mr. Cox, Sir Oglethorpe,

Sir Sam. Bamai'ddfton, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Hanumd, Mr.

Barnardiston, Mr. Hayes, Mr. England, Mr. , Mr.

Cook, Mr. Yates, Mr. Sir Jacob Ashley, Mr.

Biofeild, Mr. Thornhagh,- Mr. Sir Richard

Cocks, Mr. Dyott, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Jercoije, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr ClaytonMr. Guy: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers: And have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

.Meole's Nat. Colonel Churchill, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to naturalize Captain John Meoles: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Woolkn A P«tition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers,

Manufacture. Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Hallifax, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, for many Years past, great Quantities of our Woollen Manufactures have been fold in Flanders; but foreign Letters give Account, that Vox- XII.

5n

either the Prohibition of importing (heir Manufactures into England, or the great Duties put upon others im- ' ported, puts them upon renewing a Trade of making Cloth; and there is great Rea Ion to believe that they intend to prohibit our Manufactures: And praying, That the Woollen Manufactory may, by some means, be prevented from being let up in foreign Countries: And that the Commerce and Trade of this Kingdom in that Itaple Commodity may be still maintained and preferred abroad.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Town of Ratchdale in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred.

A Petition of the Tanners, Leather-dreflfers, and other Artificers in Leather, inhabiting within the several Market-Towns of Bridgnorth, Mu

tia/l, and Wellington, in the County of Salop, and IV00U-verhampton, in the County of Stafford; and the Glovers of Stourbridge, Kidderminster, and Beivdley, in the County of Worcester; and other adjacent Places; was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty upon Leader is extremely prejudicial to the Petitioners, and the whole Leather-Trade; inso much that it decays their Stocks and Trade together; and they are forced to turn off several of their Work-folks, for Want of Employment for them; many of whom have fallen to the Parish, though the Leather-Trade is improving in foreign Parts, to the lessening the Interest of England: And praying some Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Sir Theaphilus Oglethorp, according to Order, pre-

fented to the House a Bill to Sieur de Montargier: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Sir Robert Eden, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Ship Nazareth to trade as a free Ship.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Saturday Morning next

A Petition of Colonel Richard Coote was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, Yesterday Morning, the Petitioner attending a Committee of this House, according to the Chairman's Summons, he was arrested, immediately upon his going from the said Committee, at the Suit of Sir Jacob Banks, a Member of the House; and is detained in Custody; notwithstanding he was ordered to attend the said Committee again, at their next Meeting: And praying the House to consider the Premises, and to relieve him therein.

To which Sir Jacob Banks was heard in his Place.

Resolved\That the said Petition be rejected.

A Bill for Sale of some Part of the Estate of Sir Thomas Darcy deceased, for Payment of Debts, was read a Second time.

Resoloed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hammond, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe, Mr. Mountague, Sir Richard Onslow, S i r Robert Cotlon, Sir William Cook, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Bridges, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Mr.

Probert, Mr. England, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Rowney, Sir Henry Parker, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Hughes, Colonel Crawford, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Cox; and all that serve for the County of Essex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chambers.

Mr. Pelham, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for settling Augmentations on some small Vicarages for evei*: Anti the same was received; and read tlfe First time.

Resolved.,

Duty on Leather.

Philiponeu'sj &c. Nat.

Ship

Nazarethi

Petition from a Witness arrested-

Darcy'«

Eftat*.

Augmenting

Vicarages.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

Distillation from Corn.

Army

Arrears.

Ditto.

Executing Judgments in America.

Woollen

Manuladure.

524 23 0 Februarii.A. 1698. '

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of the Town of Gains-borough, in the County of Lincoln, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That divers Undertakers have proposed to make the Rivers of Ayre and Calder, in the County of York, navigable, at their own Charge; whereby the Trade and Commerce in Wool, and Woollen Manufactures, will be rendered far more ealy, by Water, to all the trading Towns in the North: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making the said Rivers navigable, may pass, with such Encouragement to the Undertakers as shall be reasonable for carrying on so necessary a Work.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits and low Wines, from Corn; and against the exporting Beer and Ale; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of Hugh Mac Cave, George and

Leonard Knowles, in behalf of themselves, and other Dra-gooners, in the Honourable Colonel Regiment, late

reduced, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Horses and Accoutrements are detained from them, contrary to the King's Order therein: That, all the time they were in Flanders, 2d. a Day was flopped out of their Subfifience, for Exchange of Money, and 3 a Day, while they were in the Camp, in 1694, 95, and 96; to their great Impoverishment: And praying the House to relieve the Petitioners in their just Complaints.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel CW's Regiment is referred.

A Petition of Jane Foy, Widow and Executrix of Dennis Foy, late Quarter-master of the Regiment commanded by the Honourable Colonel Richard Coot, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is 69 /. 6,<r. 11 d. due to her for the Pay of her said Husband's Servants; which the said Colonel received long ago, as lhe is informed; yet he absolutely refuseth to pay the Petitioner, who is in great Distress for want of it: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

Mr. Offley, according to Order, presented to the House, a Bill, That Judgments and Decrees hereafter to be obtained in his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in England, may be executed in the English Plantations and Colonies in America: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Saturday Morning next

A Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, by making the Act, in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; more effectual; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolveel, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Eyres, Sir Sam. Barnardiston, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Heveningham, Sir Tho. Davall, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hem, Mr. Molyneux, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Yates, Mr. Osborne, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Btdkley, Mr. Strat-

Jot'd, Mr. York, Mr. Bridges, Mr* Mr. 4#h,

Mr. Bri/loll, Mr. Ireton, Sir Henry Parker, Sir Edw.

Emly, Sir Wm. Scawen, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Kent,

Mr. Perry; and all the Members that serve for the Counties of Gloucester, Wilts, Somerset, and York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of several Merchants, Buyers, and Exporters Woollen of Woollen Cloth, was presented to the House, and MwiuWhm, read; setting forth, That there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, by making the Act, in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to restore1 the Market at uell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; more effectual; wherein a further Penalty, than in the said former Act, is intended to lie laid upon the Buyer' of Cloth, if he refuses to give a Note under his Hand for the Value of the Cloth, in case of Credit; and to pay Interest for it; which is a greater llardship upon the Petitioners than other Merchants; and will be a great Discouragement to Exporters of Cloth, at such a time as this, when all our Neighbours are setting up Woollen Manufactures against us: And praying the Consideration of the House therein, that the Petitioners may not be discouraged in their Trades.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of divers Woollen-drapers, of London and Ditto* Westminster', was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by an Act, passed 8* and 9* III. to restore the Market of Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and regulate the Factors there; the Petitioners are greatly prejudiced in their Trades; and the same tends much to the Discouragement of the Woollen Manufacture in general: And that there is a Bill depending in the House, for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, by making the said Act more effectual; which will add further Grievances to the Petitioners:

They therefore pray, That they may be heard before the Palling of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to w hom the said Bill is committed.

A Bill for Sale of the Manor of Dounham, in the ‘Andrew«» County of Esser, the Estate of Sir Francis Andrezccs; ^*state* and for buying and settling other Lands to the same Uses, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Refolxed, That the Bill be committed to Sir Cha. Barrington, Mr. Heveningham, Sir Henry Parker, Sir Tho.

TraveU, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Bbf Mr. Hoblyn, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Lord Fairfax, Mr.

Brotherton, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Cra Mr. Hughes, Mr. Perry, Si r Rich. Onslow, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Hamond,

Mr. Thornhagh, Sir John Packington, Mr. Cox, Con-

yers, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cook, Sir WCook, Mr. Bertie, Colonel Bierly, Mr. Pernell, Mr Shackand all that serve for Essex: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chambers.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- Supply, solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay hefore this Army House an Accouat of what is due to the Lord Galtway s Arrears^ Regiment of Horse, Marquis de Mermont's Regiment of

Dragoons, Major-General le MeUonere's, Lord Accord's,

19 ar.d

11 W. III. 23* — 340 Februarii.

525

and Brigadier Belcastle's Regiments of Foot, now in Ireland, since they were under the English Establishment.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

' \ ‘

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow looming, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 24* die Februarii 11° Gulielmi Tertii.

P RAVERS.

Burnetfs A PETITION of George Burnett, Captain-Lieu-Nat. x\_ tenant in the late Queen's Regiment of Foot, commanded by the Honourable Brigadier was

presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Petitioner is of Scotch Parents, but born in and

has been in the Service of this Kingdom 26 Years; having nothing but his laid Employment for his Subsistence: Ana praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Brigadier Trelawney and Mr. Hoblyn do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ilamborough A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Clothiers, Serge-Company. makers, and others, of

combe, Bishop-Hull, Hill-Farrance, Oak-Milverton, Bradford, Langford, Budville, Culmstock, and Burlescombe, concerned'in Wool, and the Woollen Manufactures, in the Counties of Somerset and Devon, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That Foreigners having, of late Years, had equal Liberty with the King's Subjects of exporting our Woollen Manufactures, they have almost wholly gotten that Trade into their Hands; who cause the Manufactures to be debased, and export them, in a manner, unmanufactured; to the Prejudice and Dif-creditof England: And that the Trade to Holland, Flanders, and Germany, is almost loft to English Merchants: And praying. That Provision may be made for encouraging his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to export our Woollen Manufactures to Germany, and keeping the said Trade from faKing under the Government of Foreigners.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report relating to the Company be

taken into Consideration.

Duty on A Petition of the Tanners of the County of Devon,

Leather. was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Duty upon Leather is very grievous} for which they pay a Tax, not only by the Act that imposes the fame; but also by the Land Tax and Poll Acts; and many Restraints and Inconveniencies are incident to their said Trade, by the Act for the Duty upon Leather, occasioned by their frequent Attendance upon the Excise Officers, in Compliance with the said Act; and, by reaion they cannot fell their Leather but at Fairs and Markets, they often lose a Sale to Merchants, when their Vesselia ready to fail, for want of a Market-Day: And praying, That the said Duty may be lessened, and laid on raw Hides and Skins, as an expedient to redress the Petitioners Grievances.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

ShipCharle*. Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That the Ship Charles Fly-Boat, of Exeter, may trade as a free Ship: And that Mr. Fortescue do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Aliens Sir Edward Hussey reported from the Committee* to

Children whom the Bill to enable his Majesty's pafural-born Sub-to inherit jects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, lineal or

collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was committed, That they had corifidered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the V«i. XII.

Hoyfe, without any Amendment; And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's 'fable. (

Ordered, That the pill be ingrossed.

A {Petition of the Clothiers of the County of Gloucester Improving was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, w°°lien That many unexperienced Persons in making Cloth, be- an Qfaftur*-ing of o^her Callings, as Shopkeepers, Bakers, Maltsters,.

Shoemakers, <§pc. have of late made bale and deceitful Cloth, and let other Mens Marks to the fame; which hath brought a Disresputation upon our Cloth, in foreign Markets; and will, if not prevented, be a Means to drive great Part of our Trade into foreign Nations; and, betides, such Persons compel the poor People they employ to take such Commodities as they fell, for their Work; to the great Disadvantage of the said Poor, and those who pay them in current Money: And Praying, That the Woollen Manufacture Trade may be established, by reviving former good Law's relating the reunto; and that henceforth all Clothiers shall pay their Work-folks in current Money.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, by making the Act, in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to restore the Market at to

the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; more effectual; is committed.

A Petition of Captain Isaac Gouquett St. Eloy was pre- st. Eloy'» fented to the House, and read; fttting forth, That the Nat.

Petitioner hath faithfully served his Majesty for Ten Years last puft, in Sir Bevill GranvilCsRegiment of Foot; and

hath a numerous Family; and is a Refugee, and hath no Home to go to: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for his Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Bevill Granvill and Mr. Tredenham do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Dyott, according to Order, presented to the House Apprehend-a Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and >ng Felon*. Punishing of Felons, that commit Burglary, or House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Uoyd, Cornelius de Witt, and Lloyd's, &c.

Godfrey\ Loyd, Gentlemen, was presented to the House, Nat. and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have served, the First Five Years, the Second Ten Years, and the other Eight Years, in English Regiments, and were born of English Parents, but out of the King's Allegiance, their Parents then attending King Charles the I Id in his Exile:

And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for the Petitioners Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be givien to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir John Thorold and Sir Edward Hussey do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Thomas Garthwaite was presented to the Abuses in

House, and read; setting forth, That one John Nelms King's Bench being, in Hilary Term last, charged in Execution in the Fleet Prison, at the Petitioner's Suit, for 40 /. the War- n ons‘ den of the Fleet hath suffered Nelms to escape; and re-fufeth to give the Petitioner any Satisfaction, or Account, therein: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Goodall is referred; and who are to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the King's-Bench, and Fleet: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the feme, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

6S A Petition

r

526

24Februarii.

A.1698.

Army

Arrears.

A Petition of Richard and others, in behalf

of themselves, and all others reduced and discharged out of his Majesty's Regiment of Light-Horse, now under the Command of the Right Honourable Charles Earl of Arran, and late commanded by the Honourable Colonel John Coy, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That although his Majesty ordered, that all reduced Troopers should have their Horses and Accoutrements, or their Value, yet their Officers dHobey the fame; neither are those that served in Ireland paid their Arrears, nor had any Account of their Off-reckonings; but were loaded with about 24 /. a Man, in 1693, when their Accounts were stated, for Regiment deductions and Contingencies; the whole Charge being generally laid on the private Men, the Officers and Servants going free: That Recruit-Horses are charged but 1,080/. which is but 4 /. 1 s. 11 id.per Man; and yet they are charged 11/. odd Money, per Man: That out of their Subsistence in Flanders, they have loft 2 10 d. out of every 20 s.and their Officers (topped Six Stivers a Day a Man, during the Campaigns in 1694, 95, 96, with other Deductions for Tents, Clerks Fees, Charge of Money, £i>c.; the Whole amounting to between Eight and 10/. per Man, per Annum :And praying the House to relieve them in their just Complaints.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coote Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Distillation Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday next, at from Corn. Twelve a Clock, take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn, and against the Exporting of Beer and Ale; and to prevent f rauds in Distillers.

*» A Bill to naturalize John Philipeneau, de c‘ a‘ gier, was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. Tomorrow Morning.

Papists

Protestant

Heirs.

A Bill to prevent Settlements made by Papists, from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Cocks, Sir JVm. Si. Quint in, Lord Mr. Perry,

Mr. Pelham, Mr. Price, Mr.- Haw, Mr. Freeman, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. England, Mr. Dyott, Sir JVm. Fillers, Mr. Thomhagh, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Mountague,

Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Mr. Hayes,

Mr. Ryder, Mr. White, Mr. Mr. Ireton, Mr.

Smith, Sir Rich. Temple, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Steph. Leonard, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. JVorsley, Mr. Bullock, Sir JValt. Young, Lord Powlett, Mr. Ogle, Mr. York, Mr. Mason, Mr. Vane, Mr. Gott: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Old East A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer-India Com- chants trading into the East Indies was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have been intitled to the foie Trade to India, by several Charters; and to the Inheritance of divers Lands and Privileges, purchased of Indian Princes; and, upon the 7th of October 1693, his Majesty, and the late Queen, granted the Petitioners a new Charter, and another upon the 1 ith of November 1693, framed pursuant to the Regulations agreed in the House of Commons;, and new Subscriptions were made to 744,000l. by near 800 new Adventurers, who have had no Advantage thereby; and the said Charters were confirmed only for 21 Years, and, by another Charter of the 28 September 1694, the feme were subjected to a Three Years Warning, if it should appear to the King, That the said Charters were not profitable to him, or the Nation: That, since the said new

paoy.

Subscriptions, the Company have paid in Customs and Taxes above 500,000l. and, last Year, being in great Disorders abroad, by Interlopers and Pirates, proposed a Loan of 700,0001, in order to procure a Settlement by Authority of Parliament; but just then a Subscription was seton foot, in London and Westminster, to raise Two Millions, on an undoubted Fund of 81, per Cent, and the foie Trade to India, without any Regard to the Petitioners Right in the said Trade: Which Subscriptions being received in Parliament, the Company did, in Two General Courts, resolve to raise the Two Millions, for the Publick Service, and to deposit 200,000l. to make good the subsequent Payments; w'hich Offer, the Petitioners are ready to make appear, was more advantageous to the Publick by above 60,000l. than what will be raised by the new Subscribers: That the Petitioners subscribed 315,000l. to the said new Fund for raising Two Millions; but, on the same Day the Subscription was made they were served with his Majesty's Sign Manual, to dissolve their Corporation after three Years; and, on the 27th of October last, the same was served on them by Privy Seal: According to which, if they must be dif-solved, it will be the Company's certain Ruin; because, in that time, they cannot adjust their Affairs with their Factors, and others; nor can the said 315,000 /. being the Property of 1,200 Persons, be well managed but in a Corporation: That the principal Reason given, why the Petitioners Proposal should not be accepted, w'as, because the Trade would be confined to a Joint Stock, which was adjudged prejudicial to the Nation; and therefore, to ascertain what separate Traders should pay towards Defraying of publick Charges, it was resolved, That 5 per Cent, ad valorem, upon all Returns from be paid

by the Importer, to be placed to the Account of the Subscribers, towards the Charge of fending Ambassadors, and other extraordinary Expences; whereby it appears, that all the Traders were to have proportionable Benefit in the said Payment of 5 per Cent, yet it is now pretended, the same is to be paid only to the new Joint Stock; which seems contrary to all Justice; for that the Petitioners are the Persons that maintain Forts, Castles, and Factories, in India, for Preservation of the East-Indict Trade; and therefore conceive they ought not to pay the said 5 per Cent. And praying, That their_Cafe may be taken into Consideration; and that the House will provide, that their Corporation may subsist for the Residue of the Term of 21 Years; that the Payment of the said 5 per Cent, may be adjusted, so as it may not remain a Burden upon the Petitioners; and that such further C011-siderations may be had for their Relief, and for the Preservation of the East India Trade, as shall be thought meet by the.House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, take the said Petition into Consideration.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalby Tho, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Green, Clerk to the Distillers Company, and Mr.

Plaisted, do attend this House immediately.

A Bill to restrain the Number of Officers fitting in the Officenfitting House of Commons, was, according to Order, read a *n the House. Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Morn-

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Poor Laws, whom it was referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Dalby Thomas, Mr. Freeman, Mr.

Green, and Mr. Plaisted, do attend this House Tomorrow atten Morning at Ten a Clock.

Resolved,

State of the

Navy.

Committees.

Persons to attcud.

Lower's, &c. Nut.

Meoles' Nat-

St Eloy's Nat

Qualifying

Peputy-

Lieutenants.

Duty on Leather.

ii w. III.

24°T-a5®

5*1

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- A Bill for the Ship Nazareth to trade as a free Ship Ship ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole was, according to Order, read the First time.

House, to consider further of the State of the Navy. R That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock. 1

Sabbati, 25* die Februarii;

n° Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

DHILIP de Chenevir, Guy Morin, John Theodore D' Agar, James Cornuaud,

Stephen St. Paul, Peter de Vau.r, Paul Antho.

Pujo/as, Hemy de Saunais, Dennis Pujolas, Anthony Villeneuve, Jeff ery de Culant, Magnus Andrew Costar de Boifmore, Claudius John Liard,

Claudius Linderott, Peter Boyer, Tho. le John

Francis de Saussure, John Montargier,

Josias Campayne, and John took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Daniel Whi junior, John Haggard, Geo. Baker, and Thomas Dent, do attend this House immediately.

Mr. Hoblyn, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill to naturalize William William Dar-

nell, and Peter Godfrey: And the same was received: and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Bill for the naturalizing Captain John Meoles was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Clark, Colonel Cranford, Colonel Granvil/, Mr. Kirkby, Sir Rob M r. Foster, Sir Robert Eden, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

I ivian, Mr. Bulla', Mr. Mason, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Dyot,

Mr. Osborn, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hoblyn, Colonel Granville, Mr. Yates, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Mr

terell, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Clayton: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's . Chambers.

Sir Bevill Granvilk, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to naturalize Gouyquett St. Eloy: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for qualif\ing Justices of Peace, and Deputy Lieutenants: And that Mr. Topham, Sir Robert Davers, and Air. Harcourt, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Tanners, Glovers, Skinners, Shoemakers, Curriers, Sadlers, and Whit-tawers of Leather, in the Town or Borough of Rosse, in the County of Hereford, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty payable upon Leather is so very grievous to the Petitioners, that for want of a Stock to pay the Duty, after they have made their Wares ready for Sale, and before they can fell them, that they are forced to give over their Trades; and others, who still go on with their Trades, find such Difficulties, by reason of the said Tax, that they are not able to employ Journeymen, and poor People, as formerly, whereby the Poor are reduced to great Want; and, if the said Duty be continued, it will force the most substantial of the Petitioners to give over their Trades: And praying, That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table. VOL.XII.

A Bill for the Sale of the Manors of Halvnll and Moore's Beckett, with their Appurtenances, in the County of Estate-Devon, being the Lands of John Moore Esquire, by Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts of the said John Moor, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Hoblyn,

Sir Rich.Farrington, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hughes,

Air. Heveningham, Mr. Smith, Mr. Clark, Mr. England,

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Gurdon, Mr. Crane, Mr. Philips,

Sir 1 fcdwardHussey, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Freke, Mr.

Vildan, Mr. Dyot t, Sir Robert Davers, Mr and all that serve for the Counties of Devon and Corn-well: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Mary Berrington, Aunt and Executrix Army of John Berrington, late Captain in the Marine Regiment Arrears, then commanded by the Right Honourable the Earl of Tor ring ton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, upon a stated Account, there appeared to be due to the said Captain, in 1692, the Sum of 268/. 136.; ever since when, the Petitioner has constantly applied to the former Agents of the said Regiment; and of late to Air. Richard Homage, the present Agent, who hath actually the Arrears of the Regiment to the time aforesaid; yet he retufes to pay the Petitioner her said Nephew's Arrears: And praying the Relief of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Chivers have Leave to go into the Leave «f Country for a Month, for Recovery of his Health. . Absence.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Clothworkers* Hamborough and other Dealers in the Woollen Manufactures of Company,

and Parts adjacent, in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,

That the Petitioners are informed, a Petition hath lately been presented to the House, under the Title of divers Merchants, Clothiers, Clothworkers, and others in Leeds, and elsewhere, in the West Riding of the County of York; setting forth. That great Advantages have accrued to them, and the Publick, under the Protection of the Hamborough Company; but the Petitioners represent the miserable Effects that will ensue the greatest Manufacture of England, if once it be brought under the Restraint of the narrow Alarkets of the Hamborogh Company, which hath, under the Freedom of Trade, since the late Resolution, lb very much increased in all its several Branches, to the general Interest of England: And praying, That they may be heard, by Counsel, against the.Suggestions of the said Petition; and for the true Advancement and Promotion of the English Woollen Manufacture.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report relating to the Hamborough Company be taken into Consideration.

Sir John Thorold, according, to Order, presented to the Lloyd'*, Ac. House a Bill to naturalize William Lloyd, Cornelius de Nat.

Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Governors of Christ's Blackwell-

don, was presented to the House, and read; Jetting forth, hall Mark«L That the Care of Blackwell-hall Market is under the Petitioners Government; out of which certain ancient Duties are paid, for the Relief of the Children of the said Hospital: That, by a late Act, made in the 8th and 9th

Year

5*8

25° — $7* Februarii.

Luna, 27* die

11° Guljebni Te^L

Year of his Majesty's Reign, to restore the Market at Blackwell-hatt to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; the said Market is abated; and the Petitioners Revenue lefifened thereby, as they conceive: And, there being a BiH, depending ih this House, for making the iaid A'ft more effectual, the Petitioners pray to be Pjra Y£R8

havC?° offer» b ^6n *)<be said mGODFREY Lloyd, Cornelius U Witt, Cults

HlX Ordered, ThaTthTConsideration of the said Petition f'^' wP Francis Browne,

be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is Gyon, James Dejoye^ Isaac

committed.

Executing Judgments in America.

Abington

Election.

Leave of Absence.

Ordered, That the Bill, That Judgments and Decrees, hereafter to be obtained in his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in England, may be executed in the English Plantations and Colonies in America, be read upon Wednesday next, after Twelve a Clock.

Gouyquett, James Wybault, James Baudouin, Richard Haymmaker, Andrew Samazon, John Wm. Lower, Daniel Crefpin, Darnell, John James Dabbadie, Peter Godby, Stephen Lacoste, Sampson de Ldlo, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

other the chief Inhabitants of the said Borough, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Increase of their Poor is lb great, by the Stop of the Cloathing-Trade, that they are become very burdenforae to the Inhabitants of the said Borough: And praying,

Persons committed for attempting to bribe Members.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of woollen

Ordered, That the Re^r, from Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Borough of Abington, be made upon Friday Morning next.

<L Tfwntas Tipping have Leave to go «j>hat some Care may be taken to prevent the setting up

OecaffansG0 y *" T" JS' "P°" " of the Woollen Maiufacture in othir Countries; and for

reviving the same in England; whereby the Poor may be

Mr. Dolby Thomas, Mr. John'Freeman, Mr Green,€mPj°Jed therein, and Mr. pLted, attending, according to Order; Orderci' That the Conf.derat.on of the said Pet, non

They were called in severally; and examined; and afterwards all together, to confront each other.

And then they withdrew.

Rejoiced, Nemine contradicente, That John Freeman, in

attempting to defraud the Company of Distillers of the Sum of Six hundred Pounds; and pretending the rewith to gain an Interest with the Members of this House, to get the Bill thrown out, which was for prohibiting the Distilling of Spirits from Corn; is guilty of a very great Crime, and, as for as in him lay, of bringing a lcanda-lous Reflection upon this House.

Ordered, That the said John Freeman be taken into the

the

be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred.

Mr. Parkhurst, from the Commissioners of Prizes, claims for presented to the House their Answer to the Petition of Prizes. Captain Carleton.

The Title whereof was read: And the Answer is as followeth; viz.

About May 1697, The Wheel of Fortune loaded at Bourdeaux, in France.

Latter-end of June 1697. Was seized by the Post-Boy,

Punishments of Offences

Kft the

i.

Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Rejoiced, Nemine contradicente, That Dalby Thomas, having been concerned with the said John Freeman in the Captain Carleton Commander.

Offences aforesaid; and having, upon his Examination, 2 1697. Brought into Plymouth.

prevaricated with this House; betaken into the Custody 9 1697. All the Goods condemned in the

of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House. Admiralty Court.

15 September 1697. The Ship restored, by Decree of Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to consider* the High Court of Admiralty, as belonging and apper-and report to the House, what Punishments have been taining to the Subjects of the most Serene King of inflicted upon Persons guilty of Offences against this Sweden.

House: 18 September 1697. An Order sent down to unload.

And it is referred to Sir Chr. Mufgrove, Mr. Sloane, inventory, and appraise, the said Goods.

Lord Coningsby, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Hevenmgham, 26 October 1697. An Order was delivered out to the Mr. Gwyn, Sir Edward Seymour, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Sir Claimers for her Restitution; which was delivered them

Robert Davers, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir Bart. Shower, as soon as they brought up the Decree.

Sir John Bolls, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Richard Farrington: 12 October 1697. There was an Appraisement returned,

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in upon Oath of Five Men, One of whom was the Collector

Ludlow

Election.

Supply.

the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Borough of Ludlosw, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House, which is, every Tuesday, Tkutfday, and Saturday, to resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Maje % , will have nothing to intervene their Consideration of the said Supply.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Morning, Eight a Clock.

of the Customs, of the feveaal Goods following; viz.

41 Tuns of Claret, ci i Tuns of White-wine.

6 Hogsheads of Stum.

4 Calks of Moloffes.

6 Hogsheads of Brandy.

24 Half-Puncheons of Prunes.

82 Bales of Paper, computed to contain 1,374 Reams found: And,

458 Reams of damaged Paper.

3d November 1697. The laid Goods were put up for Sale, by Inch of Candle, as the Act of Parliament for Encouragement of Privateers duetts, after due Notice having been given, as well on the Royal Exchange in Monday London, as in Plymouth, where the Goods then lay: And there was then fold, viz.

4 Calks of Molofles.

6 Hogsheads of Brandy.

24 Half- Puncheons of Prunes.

458 Reams

C

~DigiTlzedBy

11 W. III.

27° Februafii.

'458 Reams of damaged Paper, at the Pritfcsrhen-tioned in the Account; whifch was with Advance bprin the Appraisement.

The Remainder of the Cargo there was nothing bid for.

1 o November 1697. The Remainder of the Cdrgo ivas again put up for Sale, by Inch of Candle; and then thfcre was fold the following Goods, at the Prices, and to the Persons, mentioned likewise in the Account;

41 Tuns of Claret.

2if Tuns of White Wine.

82 Rales of Piper, containing, by Computation, about 1,374 Reams.

20 Novertiber 1697. There being then nothing remaining of this Cargo, but the Stum, Mr. Sam. Of-

fered to take them at the highest Price, which was 4 /. per Tun; which was fold him accordingly.

3d January 1691-. A Return was made of the Delivery of the Goods following, to the Buyers; viz.

40 Tuns of Claret.

2of Tuns of White Wine.

5 Hogsheads of Stum.

4 Calks of Molofles.

6 Hogsti'e&ds of Brandy.

24 Half Puncheons of Pruries.

1,396 Reams of found Paper: And 458 Reams of damaged Paper.

A Certificate was returned of the Quantities of Goods fended Out of her, before they Were filled up, by which the freight was paid; being, viz.

303 Hhds. 12 Half Hhds. of Wine and Stum.

4 Ilhds. of Molofles.

24 Half Puncheons of Prunes.

6 Hogsheads of Brandy.

82 Bales of Paper.

Note, The Loft in Quantity proceeds from their so long lying on board; whereby the Hoops were rotted, and some of them flying, Occasioned great Leakage; so that a great Part of ttiem came out but a Quarter, others One-third, and, in genferal, every one of them wanting considerably of being full; so that it took up about 13 Tuns of Wine and Stum, to fill up the rest; for which we were obliged to pay Freight, it being always the Criftom of Merchants so to do.

The Lois between Filling up, and Delivery, is but 2j Tuns iwhich is but small Leakage, considering the Time they had lain in the Cellars, and the Waste in Tatting, in order to Sale, §c.

Note further, From her first coming in, nhtil (lie whs delivered, there was always Waiters on board, tts well for the Custom-house, as Excise and Prize-Office, arid Locks kept on the Cellar-doors, by rill Three Sets of Officers, until the Delivery to the! Buyer; which was in the Presence of them all; and the Quantities, by all Three Accounts, agreed as . made good.

There was also Directions given, That the Captains, or their Agehts, might put a Waiter or Waiters on board, join One or Two in the Appraileirient, be present at the Sale, put Locks on the Cellar-ddots, until Delivery, if they Were fd plealed.

It may be further observed, That the 8/. 5 fdr Red, and 61. 5 s.per Turi for the White, with the Customs, makes near 36 and 34/. per Tun; and that for Wines lying at Plymouth, which is, at least, 10/. per Tun different froiri the Market at;

which, if cofifldered, is a very gdod Price, for such Wines as had lain so long in a perishing Condition, and unfilled up.

Dated the 27th bf February Jo.

169-}- John Paschal.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, and Answer, be referred to the Committee, to Whom the Petition of Captain Cram, anti the Answer of the Com-Vol. XII.

rtiiffloriets of Prizes feefdufito is 'referred: Arid feat they do examine the Matter thereof; add report the some, with their Opinion therein, to the1 Horise.

A Pethidn of the poor and lAfeeritable distressed Pri- Debtor* foriers,: Debtors in the Cattle of Lancaster, byLrilfts arid Petltion-Misfforttines rendering the rrtirictipable tfepriy the Sr 'Debts, was presented to the Tloufe, and read; fefting forth,

That many of them have, for several Years last pal?, b^en kept Close Prisonrirs, riven on Mefiie Pro'Crifs, riot being able to make any Composition, or Satisfaction, to their Creditors: And, despairing to lee an End of their Troubles, which are worse than Deith, not being allowed, as formerly, the Liberty of going out of the Castle-gate, to buy rieceflary Rood; and the Charity of well-disposed Persons daily derireafing, by rehfon the Charge upriu thfe County, in reiprict of the Prisoners Allowance, is increased; the Petitioners pray the House, to consider their miserable Condition, rind grant tlierii some Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Brigadier Trelirxney, according to Order, pfefented to Burnett's fee hloul'e a Bill for naturalizing George Burnett: And Nat* the same was received; and read the J irft tirrie.

Refolttd, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Trenchard reported from the Committee, to whom Young'* the Bill for enabling John Young Gentleman to fell Lands, Eftat*. for Payment of Debts and Legacies, was committed,

Thrit they had exdffished and considered the fame, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table:

Where the same Were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill With the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Price reported from the Committee, to whom the Price'*

Bill ta enable Edward Price Ef quire to transfer a Charge Estate. of Orie thousand Pounds, for the Use of his younger Children, from an Effete in the Corinty of Montgomery, to an Effete in thfe Counties of Hereford arid Radnor, of a tetter Value, was committed, That they had examined And confidrirfed the fairte, arid had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him tb report to the Horise, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout j arid then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question fevetally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, With the Amend (ntehts, be ingrossed.

A Bill to naturalize John de Philiponcaxi, Sieur de Mtifu Wonurgier*#. targier, was read a Second time. fcc. Nat.

Refotcid, That the Bill be comriiitted to Lord Cavendish, Marquis Hhrtmgtbn, Mr. Morg, Mr. How, Mr. Ogle, Mr. Pye, Brigadier Trelaicriy, Mr. Bidkley, Colonel

Kirkby, Lord Spencer, Mr. Cowper Lord Mr. Fork, Mr. Gerrard, Mr. Foley, Mr. Stringer, Mr.

Sounderfbn, Mr. Osltorne, Sir Robert Eden, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Vane, Sir Theop. Oglethorp, Colonel

Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. Boyle, Sir Robert Mr,

Hamohd, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Phillips, Mr.

Mr. Heveningham: And they are to meet this Afternoon

at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chtunbers.

Mr. Harvey, according to Order, presented to the Methwold*, House a Bill for vetting Part of the Estate of Thomas Eftat*. Methwold Esquire in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 1,200 /. expended in the Improvement of fee said Estate;

And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

6 T ' An

Alien*

Children to inherit.

Darc/s

Estate.

Chenevix's, &c. Nat.

Ayre and

Calder

Navigation.

Sudbury

Election.

Lloyd's, Ac. Nat.

Registering

Deeds.

530 270 Febru. 1698.

An ingrossed Bill to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable his Majesty's natural-born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors, lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Father or Mother were Aliens.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Hammond reported from the Committee, to w hom the Bill for Sale of some Part Of the Estate late Sir Tho. Darcy's, deceased, for Payment of Debts, was committed. That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for naturalizing Philip Chenevix, and others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord

Hartihgton, Mr. Poultney, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Dyott, Sir Ro Eden, Mr. Wharton, I.ord Cornbury, Mr. Blysse, Mr. Lord Spen-

cer, Mr. Stringer, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Ash, Mr. Morgan, Lord Cavendish, Sir Theoph. Oglethorp, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Eyre, Colonel Byerley, Lord Hide, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Lcrwiher, Sir Rowland

Guynn, Mr. Vane: And they are to meet Tomorrow at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir Theop. Oglethorp, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Fleming, Mr. Price, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Devereux, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for making the Rivers and Calder, in the County of York, navigable, is committed.

A Petition of John Catesby and William Cook Gentlemen, and others, free Burgesses of the Borough of Sudbury, in the County, of Suffolk, on behalf of themselves, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Sir Jervas Elves and Mr. stood Candidates

at the Election of a Burgess to serve in this Parliament for the said Borough, in the room of Sir Tho. ton, deceased; and Mr. Gourdon, by Bribery, and other undue Practices, procured himself to be returned, in Wrong to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Bill to naturalize William Lloyd, Cornelius de and Godfrey Lloyd, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bevill Gram-ill, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir John Thorold, Mr. Eyre, Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Campion, Sir Theo. Oglethorp, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Brereton, Mr. Haney, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Pye, Mr. Lozvther, Mr. Stringer, Air. diamond, Colonel Godfrey, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Fra. Molyneux, Mr. York, Lord , Mr. Moor, Air.

Hughes, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Air. Wharton,

Air. Dyott, Mr. Crocker: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better Security of Purchasers, by a voluntary Register of Memorials of future Deeds and Conveyances, be read a Second time upon Friday next, at Twelve a Clock.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Distillation into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords,' from Com. to the Bill to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and against the Exporting of Beer and Ale; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers:

And the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1 Skin, 20 L. leave out " which shall be At the End of the Bill, add the Clauses A, B:

Clause A: Provided, That nothing in the Act shall extend to hinder Charles Bennet, Distiller, from drawing Spirits, or low Wines, from Wort, or Drink, brewed from malted Corn, from the last Day of January 1C98. to the First Day of February 1699; lb as the whole Quantity of the First Extraction to be distilled, or drawn, in hi^now Distillery, within the Time aforesaid, do not exceed Half the Quantity by him distilled, and extracted, in the Year already ended on the 30th of September 1698; and so as he performs, in all Things, what all other Distillers are by the Act obliged to perform:

Clause B: A Proviso, That the Act shall not extend to hinder Edward Parker, Thomas Dent, and John Hall,

Distillers, from drawing Spirits, or low Wines, from Wort, or Drink, brewed from malted Corn; but that they may draw the same from any Malt, Corn, or Grain, or the Produce thereof, for a Year, commencing from the 1 ft of January 1698, and ending the 1 ft of February 1699,

in proportion to their Distilleries, in such Quantities, and Manner, as the Commissioners of the Excile shall direct The First and Second Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to be offered at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Heveningha, Mr. Conyers, Sir Chr. Mufgrove, Mr. Lmcndes, Mr. Smith, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Cullford, Mr. Dyott, Air.

Bridges, Sir Wm. Cencper, Sir Edward Hussey, Air.

Moor; or any Three of them: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Live a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the FaClors of Blackwell-hall w'as pre- Woollen fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That, by Ma,mt!"aur,‘ an Act of Parliament, made in the 8th and 9th Years of the King, to restore the Market of Blaclrwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; the Petitioners are required to take, or demand, Notes of every Person, to whom they fell Cloth, for the Clothiers, under a Penalty of forfeiting double the Value of the Cloth fold; which, is a very great and unprecedented Hardship upon the Petitioners, and may quite undo them; the Performance of which, though they have done, yet is impossible for them always to prove; and other Clauses there are in the said Act, which discourage the Sale of the Woollen Manufactures: That the Bill, now depending in the House, for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, by making the said Act more effectual, will not only lay further Hardships upon the Petitioners, but also greater Difficulties upon the said Aianufactures: And praying. That they may be heard before the said Bill do pass.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the several Clothiers in Gloucestershire, Exporting living in Stroud, Bisly, and Rodbrow, was presented to the Wool.

House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are extremely impoverished by a Decay of Trade, and the Poor almost starved; And, being sensible, that the Exportation of our Wool is the great Caule thereof; and that the only Way

to

- Liy

11 W. III.

270 — 28" Februarii.

Anny

Arrears.

Call of tbs Uoiife.

Pap i(ls

Protestant

Heirs.

Old East-lodia Company.

to prevent it, is a Proposal intended to be offered to the House, by keeping a Register of all Sheep and Wool upon the Sea-coast of England, and the Borders of Scotland; the Petitioners pray, That the lame, with such Regulations and Additions as the House shall think lit, may pass into an Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider which way to prevent the Exporting of Wool from England and Ireland to foreign Parts.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay before this House, To morrow Morning, an Account of what is due to the private Centinels, and Non-commission Officers, to be dilbatided in England; and also, a distintt and separate Account of what is due to the Commission-Officers to be disbanded in England.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Sevennisht; and nothing to intervene: And that such Members as shall not then attend, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Aims attending this House.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Farrington and Mr Stringer be added to the Committee to w hom the Hill to prevent Settlements made by Papists from diiinheriting their Protestant Heirs is committed.

The House, according to Order, took into Consideration the Petition of the Governor and Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies:

And a Motion being made, and the Qiu ftion being put, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, f jf!7?^"',

Tellers for the Noes,

'[Sir Tho. Cook:

[Sir Walter Young,

J

175.

148.

State of the Navy.

Poor Law*.

'[.Mr. Hoar:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That Mr. , Sir Thomas Cook, Sir

Earth. Shatter, Mr. Moor, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Cook, Mr. Perry, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Refoked, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do, Tomorrow Morning, lay before this House an Account of what is due to the Commission and Non-commission Officers, and private Soldiers, of the Marine Regiments.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Army

Arrears.

531

Colonel Churchill, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Drake, Sir Jac.

Baunks, Sir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr.

Mountsteven, Sir Theop. Oglethorp, Sir Cloudsly

Mr. Morgan, Mr. Pendarvis, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr.

Holmes, Admiral Hobjon, Mr. Hughes, Sir Abstr. Danby,

Mr. Osborn, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Lorether: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Colonel Churchill reported from the Committee, to Mcole's Nat. whom the Bill for naturalizing John Meoles was committed, That they had made some Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Hughes, Mr. Gurdon, Mr Irift Arrears.

Mr. Archdale, Sir Tho. Cook, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel CW's Regiment is referred.

A Petition of Captain Edmund Bugden was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner was Lieutenant of the Colchester, and Captain of the Jersey: and, as such, was concerned in the taking several Prizes about the Leeward Islands; which Christopher Co-drington Esquire wrested from the Petitioner, in Wrong to him, and the King; which the Petitioner is ready to prove; and, on the 5th of October 1697, the Lords of the Admiralty sent, by Captain San Order for the Petitioner, and Captain Wm. Julius, to return, with his Majesty's Ships under their. Command, to Europe, in (jo Days after, unless the General should think fit to detain them longer, for fending his Packet; which he did, for 15 Days; and that Time being also expired, the said General, and Captain Julius, refusing to give the Petitioner any Order for his longer Stay, he returned to England; and gave in his Deposition of the said Frauds to t he Commissioners of Trade; after w'hich, the Petitioner was tried by a Court-Martial, for returning home without Order; where Captain Julius producing another Order than what Captain Symonds brought, which was shewn the Petitioner; and fallly deposing. That it was the fame; the Court-Martial thereupon sentenced the Petitioner's Pay, amounting to about 260/. to be forfeited to Greenwich Hospital, and he to be incapable of his Majesty's Service, and to be imprisoned for 12 Months: And praying, That the said Matters may be referred to the Examination of a Committee; whereby the said Frauds may be made appear, and the Petitioner justified.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That Mr. Verney have Leave to go into the Leave of Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenhill have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mart is, 28* die Februarii; li* Guliehni Tertii.

Prayers.

Burnett's GEORGE Burnet and Lewis Ramsey took the Oaths . appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill to naturalize George Burnett was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Brigadier Tre-lawncy, Sir Bevill Granville, Blake, Mr. Dyott,

Vox.. XII.

A Bill to naturalize Isaac Gouyquett St. Eloy was read St. Eloy's a Second time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Bevill Granville, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir John Thorold, Sir John Bolles, Mr. Trelawney, Mr. Hooper, Mr. Fortescue, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Edw Hussey, Mr.

Holmes, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Freke, Mr. England,

Mr. Blofeild, Sir Jacob Baunks, Mr. Mr.

Osborne, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Harvey, Mr. Blake, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. Pitt, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Clayton, Mr. CartwMr. Hoblyn: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition

53 2 a8° A. 1698.

Hamborough A Petition of the Bay-makers, Serge-makers, and portation of Wool, or of any subsecfuent Act relating to Company, others concerned, in the Woollen Manufacture, within the Exportation of Wool, shall be prosecuted, in any the Town of Barnstable, in the County of Devon, was Suit or Information; and a shall ifl'ueout the First presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Procets, specifying the Penalty sued for; and the Offender the Petitioners have, with unspeakable Satisfaction, ex- shall give Bail, by Englishmen, to the Officer executing perienced the Benefit they, and the Nation in general, such Process, to answer such Suit; and shall, at the, time have found ever fmce a free Trade for our Woollen Ma- of such Appearance, give good Security in the said Court, liufactures has been given to Germany, and the Parts ad- to answer and pay the Forfeitures incurred for such 01-jacent, inlbtnueh that they have exported far greater fence, in case he shall be convicted.

Quantities than when the same was limited to a certain 5- That the Owners of all suspected fmfcll Vessels or Company; and if the same should be confined, many Boats shall give Security, that they will not export, or Thousands of poor People, whole Employment wholly be aiding or aflifthig to the Exportation of, act, W ool depends thereon, will be unavoidably ruined: And pray- from this Kingdom.

ing, That the said Trade may be continued free, as it now 6. That the Clause in the Act, of the la.it Parliament, is, without being confined to the unspeakable Restric- relating to buying Wool in Kent and within Pif-

tions of the Hamborough Company. teen Miles of the Sea, may be made general to all Per-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table fons within Fifteen Miles of the Sea, and of the Borders until the Report relating to the Hamborough Company of Scotland, in all Counties.

be considered. 7- That if any Wool, Fullers-cl ay, or Sco'dring-

clay, be found on board any Vessel, the Master of the Army A Petition of Obadiah Wood, John Newton, and Digby Ship shall be adjudged to he the Exporter, and the

Arrears. Kiddermaster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of Ship forfeited; unless he shall, in a time to be limited,

the Officers, Ministers, and Attendants, belonging to the make known the Person that shipped, or ordered the Train of Artillery employed for the Reducing of - same to be shipped.

land, was presented to the House, and read; setting 8. That the high Duties upon Oil, Sofcp, and Mate-forth, That, on the 7th Instant, a Petition was presented rials, for Dyeing, and the Duty on Exportation, are a to the House, praying, That the Petitioners might be great Burden upon, and Discouragement of, our Woollfen paid their Arrears, which the Lords of the Treasury al- Manufacture exported.

lowed to be a just Debt, for the said Service: And, gthlyv That Cqre be taken to prevent the Setting up their miserable Condition compelling the Petitioners to of the Woollen Manufacture in the English Plantation move a Second time for Relief; they pray, That they in America. may be paid out of the 800,000l. granted for paying

off the Officers and Soldiers that are to be disbanded; The 1 ft, 2d, 3d, 4th, 5th, and 6th, Heads, being the Petitioners having been long disbanded, and their severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question Arrears long due. severally put thereupon, agreed Unto by the House, to

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, be proper Heads for a Bill.

The 7th and 8th Heads, bfeing severally read a Second Exporting Sir Robert Davers reported from the Committee, to time, were, upon the Question fevei-Ully put thereupon.

Wool. whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Tradesmen, and disagreed unto by the House.

other Inhabitants, of the Town of Taunton, and Parts ad- The Ninth Head being read a Second time, was, upon, jacent, was referred; and who were to consider of Ways the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from to be a proper Head for a Bill.

England and Ireland\nto foreign Parts; and to consider Orda-ed, That a Bill be brought in, upon the said

of the most proper Methods to encourage the Woollen Heads agreed unto by the House: And that Sir Robert Manufactures of this Kingdom; That they had directed Davers, Mr. Hoar, and Mr. Hayes, do prepare, and him to lay before the House several Heads, which they bring in, the Bill, had thought necessary to be made into a Law, for the

Purpose aforesaid; which he read in his Place; and af- Ordered, That Mr. Ekins have Leave to go into the terwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occa-feme were read; and are as followeth; viz. fions.

lft, That the Clause, in the Act made in the 7th and Ordered, Tfiat Mr. Carter have Leave to go into the 8th Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions. the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool;

and for the encouraging the Importation thereof from The Lord Cheiney, according to Order, presented to Ireland; which appoints the Lords Commissioners of the the House a Bill fqr Qualifying of Members to lit in Admiralty to fit out vessels and Sloops, to prevent the Parliament; and further regulating Elections: And the Exportation of Wool from the Coast of Kent and Sussex; same was received; and read the First time, be repealed: And that the small Vessels and Sloops now , Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, To-fitting out by the Commissioners of the Customs, which morrow Morning, will be mom proper, tfjnd less Charge to the Government, be appointed for that Purpose, in their stead. A Message from the Lords, by Sir

2. That Commissioners, Being Persons well in- and Mr. Pitt:

terested in the Woollen Manufacture of this Kingdom, Mr. Speaker,

and of known Ability and Integrity, be appointed to The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to put this, and all other La\Vs relating to the preventing enable George Paine Esquire to fell Lands for the Pay-.the Exportation of Wool, in execution; and that a Sum, ment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned; not exceeding per Annum, be allowed to the To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

said Comnuliioners, for defraying the necessary Charges And then the Messengers withdrew, thereof.

3. That all Persons offending contrary to any Act, The Earl of Ranclagh, according to Order, presented

iu being aiding or assisting in the Exportation of Wool, to the House an Abstract of the Arrear of Subsistence, und not being able to answer their Penalty thereby in- and Pay, due to the Five French Regiments now in Ire-flifted; shall be transported to the foreign English Plan- land, ordered to be disbanded, from the respective Times tations and there remain for Years. of their being put under the Earl of Ranelagh's Care, to

4. That whoever shall 'transgress against the Act of the the Times of their landing in Ireland, and being placed 12th of King Charles the lid, for prohibiting the Ex- on the Establishment of that Kingdom: And also,

' iS An

Leave of Absence.

Regntating

Ele&iofa*'

Prime's

Estate.

Army

Arreaf*

it W. III. 28* Februarih'53$

An Estimate of the Arrears due to the commissioned A State df- the Arrears due to the Four Companies at Officers, non-comuNffiuoed Office*,1 and private Men, to Nav-York, under the Command of the Ear! of Bella-be xtitbanded in England: And alto, mont.

An Abstract of the Arrears due to ffie Regiments of Ma- And the Titles thereof were read,

rines, to the lft of August 1698; to which time they con* And the said Abstracts, Estimate, and State.) ate as

tinued under the Care of the Earl of Randagh: And also, follow; tdz.

The said ABSTRACT of Arrears of Subfcstence, and Pay, due vto the Five French Regiments now in Ireland,

ordered to be disbanded.

Arrears of Subsistence io Flanders. Arrears of Pay. Totals,

To the Regiment of Horse under the Command of thel Earl of Gall way, from the First of April 1692 to the 19th J of September 1698 - - - -J To the Regiment of Dragoons under the Command -of I £. 8. d. £ s. d. £. s. d.

21,285 5 3 38,141 5 4t 59,426 10 7i

the Marquis de Miremont, from the First of January 1695 [ to the 27th August 1698 -J To the Regiment of Foot under the Command of Major-j 8,343 — 1 7,3U> 13 l 15.553 J3 2

General La Melluniere, from the First of May 1693, to the!-27 August 169S - ----- - -J 4,863 17 1 9,818 — 21 14,681 17 3i

To die Regiment of Foot under the Command of the Earl! of Lifford, formerly Count Marlon's, for the same time -J 6,244 19 9 12,642 12 9 18,887 12 6

To the Regiment of Foot under the Command of Brigadier! Belcastle, for the same time ----- - -J 4,509 18 3 13,404 18 2i 17,914 16 5i

45,247 — 5 81,217 9 7t 126,464 10 —

The said ESTIMATE of the Arrear due to the commissioned Officers, non-commissioned Officers, and

private Men, to be disbanded in England; viz.

To 12 private Men of Colonel Wood's Regiment o: Horse, about - -

To 12 private Men of the Earl of Arran's Regiment ol Horse, the like ——

To 12 private Men of Brigadier Windham's Regiment^ of Horse, the like ——

To 12 private Men of Duke Schomberg's Regiment of| Horse, the like ——

To 12 private Men of the Earl of Macclesfield's Regi- inent of Horse, about ----- - -j

To Two Troops of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons, about ——

To Two Troops of Colonel Lloyd's Regiment of Dra- goons, the like -

To Two Troops of the Earl of Essex's Dragoons, the like To 42 Serjeants, 42 Corporals, and 1,270 private Men, of the id and 2d Regiments of Guards, about - -J To Three Companies of Brigadier Selwyn's Regiment, about ——

To Three Companies of Major-General Churchill's Regiment ——

To Three Companies of Brigadier Trelawny's Regiment

3

c

To commissioned Officers.

£. s. d.

3.600 ——

3.600 ——

3.600 ——

2.590 ——

2.590 ——

2,59° ——

18,570 ——

Non-commissioned, and private Men.

I' d»

213 ——

213 ——

213 ——

213 ——

84 ——

,4oo ——

1.400 -

1.400 -

5,040 ——

503 ——

503 ——

503 ——

11,685 ——

Together,

£ s. d. 213 ——

?13 ——

213 — —

213 ——

84 ——

5.000 ——

5.000 ——

5.000 ——

5,040 ——

3.093 ——

3.093 ——

3.093 ——

30,255 ——

r-~~--

Memorandum: The Bounty-money, according to the Allowances forqierly given upon disbanding the Troops already broke, is included in the above Sum of 11,685/.; and the Arrears of Pay in the First Column are computed to the 25th of March next.

Memorandum also: That, in the above Estimate, there is no ProvHjon made for the Transport of the several Troops that are to embark for Holland and Ireland; which may amount to above Twelve thousand Pounds.

Hie said ABSTRACT of the Arrears due to the following Regiments of Marines, to the 1 ft of August 1698.

Arrears of Subsistence in Flanders. Arrears of Pay. Totals.

Colonel Mordaunt's ----- -- Colonel Seymour's ----- -- Colonel Colt's - - ----- - £ £. s. d. 2,900 19 1 £. s. d. 18,782 — 2 12,999 11 2 23,029 6 6 £ 18,782 — 3 15,900 10 3 23,029 6 0

2,900 19 1 54,8101 7 10 57,711 16 11

Committees.

Supply.

Guy's, &c. Nat.

ConinriitUts.

Lloyd's, &c. Nat.

534 a 8* Februarii — 1° . A. 1698.

The said STATE of Arrears due to the Four Regiments at New-York.

To clear the Two old Companies, from the First of April 1693, to the! First of April 1694 - - -J

To clear the said Two Companies, and Two more established the ill I 1694, at 100 Men each, front the said ill April 1694, to the last of March\

1695 - J

To clear the said Four Companies from die lft April 1695, to the last of) March 1696, inclusive - -- -- - -J

To clear them from the lft of April 1696, to last of 1697, in-1

elusive - - - - -J

To clear them from* the ill April 1697, to the last of September fol-! lowing - -- - -J

To clear them from the lft October 1697, to the last of December following,! inclusive ----- ----- - -J

To clear them from the ill January 97, to the last of December 1698

Arrears of Subsistence. Arrears of Pay.

£ s. d. £ s. d.

- 149 10 3

- 952 8 4

- i,34i 10 7

1A59 8 3 1,241 1 4

2,353 10 2 1,056 7 10

1,131 3 8 531 1 8

4A94 3 2 2,107 — 2

8,838 5 3 7,379 — 2

8,838 5 3

£ 16,217 5 5

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Abstracts, Estimate, and State, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty-

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That

they had come to several Resolutions; which they had ordered him to report, when the House-will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cowper also reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 1° die Martii; 11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

Sir Bevill Granville reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize Isaac St. Eloy was

committed, That they had examined and considered the lame; and had directed him to report the fame, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrafted.

An ingrafted Bill to naturalize John Meoles was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize John Meoles.

Ordered, That Colonel Churchill do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Bill to naturalize William Lower, William Darnell, and Peter Godby, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harvey, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Thornhagh, Colonel Rolles, Mr. Yates, Mr. Lowther, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Clark, Mr. Ash, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Fortescue, Mr. Mr. Byerly, Mr.

Lee, Mr. Hamond, Mr. Holmes, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Pendarvis, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Hancock, Admiral Hopfon, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Chetwynd; and all that serve for the County of Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Prayers.

A PETIT ION of Scipio Guy and James Peltier was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners are Officers in Major-General Levifon's Regiment; where they have served above Ten Years; and are Refugees, upon Account of their Religion, having no Home to return to, their Commissions being all that they have to depend upon: And praying, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for their Naturalization.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr. Johnson do prepare and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That no Committee do fit after Ten a Clock in the Morning.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize William Lloyd, Cornelius de

Mr. Hamond reported from the Committee appointed to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work, That they had agreed upon several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

1. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it shall and may be lawful, from time to time, for any County, or any One or more Hundred, City, Town, Parish, or Place, to incorporate themselves, in order to erect Hospitals, Houses of Correction, and Work-houses, for maintaining and employing the Poor of this Kingdom, within the said County, under the Management of such Corporations, to be confirmed and approved of by the Justices of Peace, in their General Quarter-Sessions for the said County, or City.

St. Eloy'* Nat

M*olea' Nat

Lower's, See. Nat.

Poor Laws.

Army

Arrears.

Ship Charles.

ii W. III. i

535

2. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That where these Corporations are settled in Cities, and Towns Corporate, the Poors Rates of all the Parishes be united into One, by Discretion of the Justices.

m/

3. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Corporations in the Country shall each of them contribute to the Charge thereof, by taxing every Parish, according to what it paid before, by Discretion of the Justices, in their General Quarter-Sessions.

4. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Sum of Money to be raised shall not exceed what was paid in One of the lall Three Years, for the yearly Maintaining and Employing of the Poor, in all the Parishes thus united.

5. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That these Corporations shall be obliged to maintain all the poor impotent People within their Jurisdictions; to provide Work for those that are willing; to force those to w ork who are idle; and to assist those Poor whose Labour will not maintain their Charge

6. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Governors of these Hospitals, Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, in Cities and Towns Corporate, or Boroughs, be the Mayor and Aldermen, or Chief Magistrates, together with the Guardians chosen out of each Parish contributing to the Charge of the Poor; and, in the Hundreds, all the Justices of the Peace inhabiting the rein, together with the Inhabitants chosen for Guardians out of each Parish, in proportion to the Sum of Money it pays.

7. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That these Guardians shall choose a Governor, Deputy-Governor, Treasurer, and Assistants, yearly; and shall hold Courts, and make By-laws, for the better carrying on this Work, to be confirmed by the Justices of the Peace, in their Quarter-Sessions, or by Judges of Assize.

8. Rejoiced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That these Courts have sufficient Power, with Assistance of the Justices of the Peace, to raise Money, as before, for the maintaining and employing the Poor; as also for buying, or building, such Hospitals, Work-houses, and Houses of Correction; provided that such Sum for buying, building, or providing, such Hospitals, Work-houses, and Houses of Correction, or for employing the Poor, shall not exceed what was raised by the Rates for the Poor in> Three Years last past, to be levied within Five Years.

9. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That all charitable Gifts, given for the Use of the Poor, after the Erecting of these Corporations, shall belong to that Corporation of which the Parish is a Part to whom it is given, unless limited to any particular Use or Place; and all charitable Gifts, already settled in general Terms, for the Use of the Poor, shall be in them.

1 o. Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That each of these Corporations be One Body Politick in Law-; and may l'ue, and l*e sued; and may, without Licence in Mortmain, purchase, take, and receive, any Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments, and any Goods and Chattels whatsoever, for the Benefit of the said Corporation.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Courts shall be vested with Powers necessary for attaining the End for which they are erected.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take the said Report into Confederation.

A Petition of John Foster, and others, of his Majesty's Soldiers, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

Mr. Fortescue, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for the Ship Charles Fly-boat, of Exeter, to V01. XII.

trade as a free Ship: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Conyers, according to Order, presented to the Vesey's House a Bill to enable Dudley Vejey, an Infant, to fell his Estate.

Estate in Hintlesham, in the County of Suffolk, for the Payment of his Debts: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for veiling Part of the Estate of Tho. Methwolds

Esquire in Trustees, for raising the Sum of Twelve hun- Eflat*. dred Pounds, expended in the Improvement of the said Estate, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of Claims for John Lftrots, and others, be transferred from the Com- Pnz*8-mittee to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred, to the Committee to whom the Petition of John Reily, and others, is referred.

Mr. Heveningham reported from the Committee, to Distillation

whom it was referred to di;aw up Reasons, to be offered from Corn, at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to lbme of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and against the Exporting of Beer and Ale; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons disagree to the Amendment marked Clause B, made by the Lords; Because they conceive the Clause is not agreeable to the other Parts of the Bill; which fays, That every Distiller shall draw but Half the Quantity of Spirits from low Wines, or Worts, or Wath, that was distilled in One Year, ending the 30th of September last; whereas this Clause does not ascertain the Quantity, but leaves it to the Discretion of the Commissioners of Excise, which gives such a Latitude to them as is not fit to be trusted in any particular Persons whatlo-ever; and this Clause gives a Liberty to Persons to distil that had not distilled within that Year; and other Persons may, with the same Reason, expect the like Favour.

Ordered, That Mr. Heveningham do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

A Bill for settling Augmentations on some finall Vicar- Augmenting ages for ever was read a Second time. icarages.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Weston,

Sir Theoph. Oglethorp, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Vernon,

Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Heveningham, Mr.

Freke, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Hancock,

Mr. Thomjbn, Mr. Swift, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Clayton,

Colonel Lee, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Harvey, Sir Tho.

Middleton, Mr. Tilney, Mr. Miller, Mr. Sir

Jacob Ashley, Mr. Cox, Sir Wm. Cook, Mr. Conyers,

Mr. Edward Harley, Sir Edw.Hussey, Mr. Cholmondly,

Mr. England, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr. and all

the Members that serve for Surrey and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill for naturalizing parajiieau'» Peter BaraiUeau, and others, with some Amendments: *c. Nat.

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House:

Also,

They have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Re- Vyner's lief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Vyner Knight and Creditors. Baronet, deceased: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill

Regulating

Elections.

Leave of Absence.

Executing

Judgmenis

America.

Supply.

536 i* Martii. 1698.

A Bill for Qualifying of Members to fit in Parliament; and further regulating Elections; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Semi* night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Greenfeild have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, his Family being ill

Ordered, That the Bill, That Judgments and Decrees hereafter to be obtained, in his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in England, may be executed in the English Plantations and Colonies in America, be read upon Friday Morning next.

Mr. Cawper, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, upon Account, out of the 800,000l. granted to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, to clear the Arrears of Pay due to the Lord Regiment of

Horse, Major-General La M Lord Lessord's, and Brigadier Bell-Castle's, Regiments of Foot, now in Ireland, for the time they served there, during the War, and until they were put under the Care of the Paymaster of the Forces in England, the Sum of 34,813/. 5 s.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, upon Account, out of the 800,000l. granted to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, to clear the Arrears of Pay and Subsistence due to the Five French Regiments now in Ireland, from the respefitive times of their being put under the Care of the Paymaster of the Forces in England, to the time of their being last placed on the Establishment of Ireland, the Sum of 126,464/. 105. od.i.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, upon Account, out of the 800,000l. granted to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, to clear the Arrears of Pay and Subsistence due to the Dutch Forces, commonly called the Fourth Troop of Horse-Guards, the Regiment of Horse-Guards, and the Third Regiment of Foot-Guards, to the First Day of March 1698, the Sum 86,286/.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due, by Estimation, to clear the Arrears of Pay and Subsistence to the commissioned Officers, to be disbanded in England, to the 25th Day of March 1699, the Sum of 18,570/.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there be allowed, upon Account, out of the 800,000 /. granted to his Majesty, for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, to clear the Arrears of Pay and Subsistence due, by Estimate, to the non-commission Officers, and private Men, to be disbanded in England, to the 25th Day of March 1699, including the Bounty-money, according to the Allowance formerly given upon disbanding the Troops already broke, the Sum of 11,685 /

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That there is due, to clear the Arrear of Subsistence and Pay to the Three Marine Regiments of Colonel Seymour, Colonel Colt, and Colonel Mordant, to the First Day of August 1698, at which time they were put upon she Establishment of the Navy, the 'Sum of 57,711 /.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Mr. Heveningham reported to the House, That he having, according to their Order, been at the Lords to desire a Conference, they do agree to a Conference Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the Rea-foos to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pafffed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of Tkeophilus and others:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Sir Rowland Groym, according to Order, reported from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Thomas Newport Esquire, and also upon the Petition of several Burgesses of the Town of Ludlow in the County of Salop, complaining of an undue Return for the Borough of

Ludlow:

That there was, upon the Poll,

For the Sitting Member - - 89.

For the Petitioner - - - 82.

But, the Right of electing for the Borough of Ludlow being in the Burgesses, the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, That the Sons of Burgesses, and such as married Burgesses Daughters, have a Right to demand to be made Burgesses: And that several Persons, to the Number of about 34, who had a Right to be made Burgesses, had demanded to be made Burgesses, according to their Right, but were not admitted; and that they offered to poll for the Petitioner, but were nefufed. 3

That, as to the Right of Electiofi, it appeared by the Evidence, That heretofore the Right of Election was in the Twelve and Twenty-five; feme time after, the Election was by the sworn Burgesses inhabiting within the Town; but in 1667, Mr. Baldstood, and was chosen by the 12, 25, and sworn Burgesses at large; and the House agreed Mr. Beddwyn was duly elected; since which Time, the electing Burgesses to serve in Parliament have been by the sworn Burgesses at large.

As to the Method of making Burgesses, it appeared they were generally made upon Petition:

That there were Three Considerations in making Burgesses; that the common Form of a Petition of a Burgess's Son was to set forth. That he was Son of such a Burgess; and praying, That he might be admitted a Burgess for the accoftomed Fee; and upon admitting such a Burgess, he pays 15. 4; but there was one In-

stance of such Burgess's paying 35. 4 which was on the 14th of September 1695.

That the common Form of a Petition for one that marries a Burgess's Daughter was to set forth, That he had married such a Burgess's Daughter; praying to be admitted for the accustomed Fee; and, upon admitting such a Burgess, he pays 6 s. 8

But ,the Petition of aay other Person, not so qualified, wp0, to admit him a free Burgess, upon such Considerations as should be thought fit; and such Person, upon hfe being admitted a Burgess, pays a Fine, at Discretion of the Chamber, to 3, 4, 5, or 6/.

That the first Question'before the Committee was.

Whether the Sons of Burgdffes, orthofewho marry

23 Burgesses

Lords agres to a Conference.

Rabelhires', See. Nat.

Ludlow

Election.

ii W. III. i* Martii. 537

Burgesses Daughters have a Right to be made Burgesses of Ludlow:

And the Question seemed to arise from the Practice of that Borough; which was to admit Burgesses Sons, and those that married Burgesses Daughters, upon Petition j which Petitions are drawn by the Town-Clerk, and by him delivered to the Head-Bailiff.

It was also testified, That if the Person has the Benefit of his Petition, and be made a Burgess, the said Petition is presented to the Chamber, whereof there must be 19 present to elect a Burgess; who, upon the Qnefi tion, do elect or admit Persons so qualified: And no Instance w as given of Persons refused, except One or Two; but sometimes the Head-Bailiff does pocket tlrole fort of Petitions; and lo they are not presented; pretending, that as he has a Right of calling a Chamber, lb of bringing w hat Business he shall think fit before them. And, Mr. Smallmanlaid. That, before King James's Time,

he never knew' aoove Two or Three in the Year refused; and this Year there was about Threescore pocketed, and not presented by the Head-Bailiff.

And no Person did say, that they ever remembered any Persons polled but sworn Burgesses.

Edward Robinst.n,a Witnesss for the Petitioner, said, He had know n Burgesses Sons pay more than i s. 4 and that lie has know n it gone to Vote of Chamber, "Whetheradmitted, or not?

That for the Sitting-Member w as called,

Mr. Richard Cole:Who came into the Corporation in

1 GOo, said, He knew several Petitions by such as were Burgesses Sons, or had married Burgesses Daughters, refused; but could not give any particular Instance: However, upon looking into the lesser Ledger-book, Fo.1. 85, it is entered, ult. Junii 1698, thus; viz.

" Then 77to.Rice, John and Joseph

" having severally a Right, were severally admitted free " Burgesses of this Corporation, paying the accustomed " Fees:"

But Mr. Cole said, That the Petitioners did not set forth any Right; and that the Question in the Chamber was only, Whether such a one should be admitted? and that the Petitoner must have the Majority by 19, or else his Petition was rejected; and that he took it to be the Right of the Corporation to cleft.

Mr. Geo. Long said, He had Two Sons admitted Burgesses, upon Petition, who paid 3 s. and a Bottle of Wine; and that Six or Seven were admitted at the same time, upon the same Terms; and that, upon the Petition of Burgesses Sons, and those that marry Burgesses Daughters, a Queliion is put in the Chamber, Whether such a one shall be admitted ? which is carried by the Majority of the Chamber, which must consist of 19, at least; and that they set down what Fine they shall pay; and that Edmund King was refused Seven or Eight Years ago; but he could not tell for what Reason:

He further said, That he did believe Burgesses Sons, and those that marry Burgesses Daughters, have a Right; but that Right was useless without the Consent of the Chamber; and that they w ere sworn.

Mr. Cha. Pierce said, When Persons were refused to

be admitted Burgesses, it was only indorsed on the Petition; and that the Chamber either refuted or admitted Burgesses as they pleased; and that Lake York was refilled, and never admitted; and that he had learched all the ancient Books, and finds no Pretence of Right till the 27th December 1690, when Mr. was Town-

Clerk, and a Contelt about an Election.

That the smaller Ledger, Folio 61, was produced, whereby it appeared, that 14 September 1695, it was ordered, in thel'e Words; viz.

" Then ordered, That Thomas and Edu ard, the Sons " of Mr. Roger Povys, Gemge the Son of Mr. George " Long, Nathanael the Son of Mr. Edmund King,

" Ham the Son of JVm. Reynolds, Eduard York the " elder, Richard the Sou of Thom. Coates, John the Son " of Nicolas Carr, Dr. in Physick, having severally a " Right to be Burgesses of this Corporation, be admitted V01. XII.

" accordingly, paying 3 s. 4 d.apiece, the accustomed Ludlow " Tee:' ‘ Election.

And Fo. 40, of the same Ledger, it appears. That the 18th Decemlwr 1652, Thomas Coats paid 105. and is

said to Ire admitted for the accustomed Fee.

And Mr. Peirce said, That the Orders, before their Riling, are read to the Chamber:

That the Low Bailiff" declared, Mr. Newport would poll none but sworn Burgesses; that he was present with Mr. Newport, and Lord Newport, the Day before the Election, when that Matter w-as debated; and Smallman gave Lists of sworn Burgesses only.

Mr. Balduynsaid, That he w as very converlant in the

Corporation, and elected a Burgess for Parliament thrice, and never heard till now of a Burgess's Right, as Burgess's Son, or having married a Burgess's Daughter; that if the Chamber favours a Burgess's Son to be admitted, they uliially pay but is. 4 and though they set forth, in their Petitions, they tire Burgesses Sons,

'tis only as an Inducement, but it did not conclude their Right; and that, about a Year and Half fmee, of Eleven that stood to be made Burgesses, but One was made lb; and that the Consequence of admitting Burgesses Sons, or such as married Burgesses Daughters, to have a Right, would be, that there would be ,500 or 1,000 Burgesses more than at present; and the Town-Clerk would get too/, by it.

That the Committee, as to this Point, came to this Re-solution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Sons of Burgesses of Ludlow, and those who marry the Daughters of Burgesses, have a Right to be made Burgesses of the said Borough.

That the next Point that came under the Consideration of the Committee was. Whether the Petitions presented by Burgesses Sons, or those that married Burgesses Daughters, to be made Burgesses, ought to be ligned by the Petitioners.

That the Sitting Members Counsel infilled, That Petitions ought to be ligned.

Mr. Smallman, the Town-Clerk, said, That not One Petition in a Hundred was ligned; and that he knew of no Order for signing the m; nor any Petitions rejected for not being ligned:

But the Petitioner's Counsel produced an Order, entered in the Ledger-Book, Fol. 2t(i. Anno i(i(>3, in these Words; viz.

" That no Petitions be presented at any time of Meeting, or read, but such as are drawn by the TownClerk, or his Deputy, or Town-Clerk's Allowance;

" and that Mr. Bailiff for the Time being be made " acquainted therewith, before they be read publickly;

" and the same be subscribed under the Petitioner's " Hand

But Mr. Smallman said, That he did not remember that Order, and the Practice w as otherwise; yet he knew of no Order to revoke it; and all Persons that come into the Chamber do take an Oath to observe Orders made, or to be made.

Mr. Richard Broun, who had been Burgess Eight Years; Mr. John Beeson, and Mr. ' Savery, who w ere of the Chamber; said, They knew several admitted Burgesses upon Petitions not signed.

Mr. Richard Brown, who owned himself no Member of the Chamber, said, They were generally not signed.

And Mr. Tho. Savery said, He had presented Petitions to the Chamber that were not ligned.

Richard Brown junior; w'ho had drawn feme few Peti-

tions for the Town-Clerk, said. He hud known some Petitions put into the Chamber, not ligned.

Sir Cha. Lloyd laid. He was complimented by the Chamber, and made a Burgess, without signing any Petition.

That, for the Sitting-Member, was produced,

Richard Cole: Who said, he was present in the Chamber when the Order for signing Petitions w as made; and that it was; always discoursed, and observed as a Handing

6 X Order;

Ludlow

Election.

538 1 0 Martii.A. 1698.

Order; and that if the Chamber discovered there was not a Hand, or Mark, to any Petition to be made a Burgcl's, or for a Lease, it was rejected: That the Chamber was sworn to obey Orders: And Sir Edward Leighton was an honorary Burgess; and no Fees are taken of Persons of Quality: That the Corporation never granted Burgessships of Right.

Mr. Benjamin Can-er said, He had known Petitions not subscribed, rejected for that Ileafon; though fonie have been admitted that have been verified to be by the Parties Consent: But has known Petitions of all forts rejected.

Mr. Price said, That Persons always have put their Name, or Mark, to Petitions in his Time: That he had not seen the Order for subscribing their Names; but had heard it discoursed of.

Mr. Carver, Mr. Peirce, said Mr. Small man had threatened to bring Actions against them, for drawing Petitions to the Chamber; android Mr. Peirce, Ttiere was an Order for that Purpose:

And Mr. Peirce, who is of the Chamber, said, That he had heard the Matter of ligning Petitions difeourfed in the Chamber; and that, if they w'ere not subscribed, they ought to be rejected; and Mr. was then

present: That he knew of no Petitions received, that were not ligued; and the Reason was, because the Corporation had a great deal of Land, and they would not be imposed upon as to the Person:

And further said, That Brazen the elder and younger keep an outward Office, and arc not admitted into the Chamber.

Mr. Edward Kettilby said, That Mr. Son

told him, His Son must sign a blank Paper, for a Petition to be writ over, he having not then time to write the Petition, in order to his being made a Burgess; and Mr. Smallman himself agreed he could not be admitted, unlel's he signed a Petition.

And that, thereupon, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That every Person having a Right to be made a Burgess of the Borough of Ludiow, ought not to demand such his Right by Petition, signed by the Petitioner, according to the By-law made in the Year 1663, and not otherwise.

That upon these Resolutions, the Counsel for the Petitioner proceeded to make out his same: And, as to the Right of those, that the Petitioner insisted ought to be polled;

Mr. Smallman said, That Thomas Farmer, Robert

dron, Tho. Lewis, and Henry Shepard, have severally, married Burgesses Daughters; and had petitioned to be made Burgesses once, or oftener, before the Election:

That William Harding, John Symonds, Thom. Dy-

mock, Luke Fork, Walter Houghton, William Peirce, Sam. Reynolds, William Woodall, Richard Cole, William Vcrnoll, Tho. Edwards, John Taylor, Samuel Short, and Charles Woodhall, were Sons of Burgesses; and had, severally, once, or more, petitioned to be made Burgesses; of the before-mentioned, Wm.Peirce, and Samuel Reynolds under Age when they petitioned:

That as to their demanding to be polled;

Mr. Smallman, Mr. Vernall, Mr. Savory, Tho. Peach, said, That in Court, after all the sworn Burgesses w'ere polled, and before the Calling up of the Poll, Mr. Newport delivered in a List of several Persons that he demanded to be (lolled; which Paper was put into the Hands of the Town-Clerk; who called Tho. Farmer', and the said Farmer gave his Vote; but, upon calling the next, there was a great Noise and Disturbance, Mr. Peirce, and others, leaping upon the Table, by which he was hindered from proceeding: That the Low-Bailiff was for polling the m; but the High-Bailiff against it: That Mr. Neziport insisted upon it, as his Right, that they should be polled; and if he could not justify them there, he would justify them in another Place, or to that Effect:

And Peach said, That there were in the Hall, when the Poll was taken, ready to poll for Mr. Newport, against Mr. Gower, the following Persons; viz. Walter Houghton. Sam. Reynolds, John Taylor, Luke York, Tho. Lewis, ljen. Sheppard, Thom. John Symonds,

Richard Cote, William Vernall, John Edwards, Samuel Short, Robert Waldrond, Willi Peirce, William Wood-all, and Charles Woodall:

That himself was employed to look after these Men j who demanded to poll together, and did speak so loud that they might be heard by the Bailiff'; and Mr. Vernall endeavoured to bring them up to the Bar, but was hindered by one Whitney.

Mr. Vernall said, That Mr. Newport, lorne time before the Election, spoke to him, and Mr. Savory, and another, to engage such as had a Right to be made Burgesses, to be for Mr. Newport; and, accordingly, he spoke to several, some at a Distance from the Town, to the Number of 20 or 30; and, the Night before the Election, he made Two Lists of them, one of which he gave to Mr. Newport, and the other to Mr. Smallman; of which Number were, Thomas Farmer, Robert Waldrond, William Harding, John Simonds, Humph.

Thomas Edwards, William Vernall, Luke York, Dymock, and Tho. Lewis-, who told him, They had a Angle Vote for Mr. Newport', and when Farmer was called, the rest pressed to the Bar; but were hindered by one Whitney, and Hatton Hughes; which Whitney pulled back Blyth, and struck him with his Elbow, and took him by the Collar: That he can't say they demanded to be polled; but he talked with them in Court; and that the Paper was delivered to Smallman, after the Poll was call up.

Mr. Tho. Savory said, That there were present in the Court-hall, for Mr. Newport, besides those named by Mr. Vernall, Walter Houghton, Samuel Sharpe, John Taylor, and Peter Grave, who had a Right, and had petitioned: And he further laid, That he did fee every Man, whose Name is subscribed to the Petition of the Inhabitants against Mr. Gower, sign the Petition.

That the Committee then heard the Counsel for the Sitting-Member: Who insisted, That there had been ill Practice in getting of Hands, to a Petition presented in the Name of the Inhabitants, against Mr. Gower: And called,

Mr. Geo. Herbert, Mr. Peirce: Who said,

William Beddo, Jos. Lane, Henry Sheppard, Peter Crow, Francis Webb, William Woodall, Richard Thomas, Richard Cole, John Simonds, and Luke York, being of the Number of those that had petitioned the House against the Return of Mr. Goioer, had signed a Paper, which

was read distinctly to them, before they signed it:

Which Paper, being read in the Committee, appeared to be the Petition before offered in the House; by which Petition, they say, That Mr. Smallman and Mr. Savory, about 14 Weeks after the Election, did fend for and persuade the Petitioners to set their Hands to One or more Papers, in order to make themselves Burgesses of Ludlow: And denies, that they heard the Petition presented to the House read to them, or the Contents thereof told them: And do deny, that they offered to be polled, and were refused; and, if they had been Burgesses, and had Votes, they would have voted for Mr. Gawre, and not the Petitioner: And that Richard Cole, and all the rest, denied they had signed any Petition against Mr. Gower; but had signed a Paper, which, they were told, would make them Burgesses; and, if they had signed any Petition against Mr. Gowre, they were imposed upon in it, by Mr. Smallman and Mr. Savory; and said. If they had had a Right, they would have been for Mr. Gowre, and not for Mr. Newport:

That Houghton, and some others of the Petitioners, who refused to sign the said Petition, said to the same Effect as those that had signed it:

And Watkins gave it as a Reason why he would not sign the said Petition, because Mr. SmaUman would ruin him.

Wigley

11 W. III. i* — 2®

539

Wigley said, He was Ten Miles from Ludlow at the time of the Election: And, being shewn the Petition against Mr. Gower, he owned his Name to the Petition; but laid. It was not read to himj and that Mr. Smallman and Mr. Savory desired him to put his Name to it, as a Paper that would make him a free Burgess at the next Elefition.

Mr. Pierce said. He took the Poll for Mr. Gower; and that the Burgesses were called over by Mr. Smallman, by a List; and were polled, as they stood in their Places, in the Hall: That Farmer spoke for nobody but himself, that he heard; and that Farmer claimed, as having married John Acton's Daughter, who was disfranchised 26 August 1662, which appears by the Ledger; but whether that was before or after his Daughter was born he could not tell:

That he did fee Mr. Newport offer a List to Master Smallnuin, as Persons to be polled; but Mr. Newport and Smillman would not let the Names be known, though desired by him: That he went upon the Table, with his Hat oft', to compare the Poll; and there was no Noise, but of the People crying, A Herbert and Gowre:

That he believes Farmer might demand to be polled, but, after the Poll was cast up; and that the Lift was allb delivered in by Mr. Newport, after the Poll was cast up: And declared, That none demanded to be polled, but Fanner; nor did any of the Persons infilled on by Mr. Newport, in the Hall; though he was in a Place where he could look over all the Hall: And Mr. Smallman declared it a fair Election.

Mr. Baldwin said, He was in the Court al the time of the Election, and fat upon the Bench: That Mr. Smallman called over all that lie was satisfied had a Right, viz. The sworn Burgesses, by a List; the Copy whereof he had given to Mr. Herbert and Mr. Gower, the Night before: That the Poll was carried on, and ended very quietly: That whether Farmer offered to poll, or no, he could not say; but Mr. Smallman did not call him: That Mr. Pierce went upon the Table, and compared the Books; and told Mr. Smallman, Mr. Gower had carried it by Seven; and Mr. Smallman agreed the Number: That he thought the Paper was given by Mr. Newport to Mr. Smallman, after the Numbers were cast up: That, while the Clerks were correcting the Poll, there was no Pretence that any others were to poll; nor did he observe any thing more than common Talk; and that though One of the Bailiffs voted for Mr. Gower, yet they were both in the Petitioner's Interest:

That upon the whole Matter, he thought the Election was fair; and the Bailiffs came to him Two Hours after, and were concerned that the Petitioner had loft it.

That the Petitioner's Counsel, by way of Answer to what was objected, That Mr. Smallman, and Mr. Savory had imposed upon several to lign the Petition against Mr. Gower: called,

John Brown junior: Who delivered in Three Petitions: And he said, they were subscribed by the Parties, and read to them:

And by those Petitions, Richard, Cole, William Wood-all, and John Synumds, severally, complain, That they were imposed upon in the signing the Second Petition, they being told the 2d Petitions were only to shew that they were not called to give their Votes at the lal't Election, or that the First Petition w-as not read to them.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Gower Esquire is duly defiled a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Sons of Burgesses of Ludlow, and those who marry the Daughters of Burgesses, have a Right to be made Burgesses of the said Borough;

You XII.

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,p;: }'64'

Tellers for the Noes,}t3.

So it was relblved in the Aflirmative:

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That this House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That bvery Person having a Right to be made a Burgess of the Borough of Ludlow-, ought not to demand such his Right by Petition, ligned by the Petitioner, according to the By-law made in the Year 1663, and not otherwise.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That William Gower Esquire is duly elefited a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow',

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,^' }> 45.

Tellers for the Noevf££ .}l6o.

So it passed in the Negative.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Thomas Neuport Esquire is duly elefited a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,{S£ }, S8.

Tellers for the Noes,{J{j; }>4*.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ludlow

Election.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House, Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the Borough of Ludlow, by rafing out the Name of William Goicer Esquire, and inserting the Name of Thomas Newport Esquire, instead thereof.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Mom- Officers ing next resolve itself into a Committee of the whole littinsf in the Home, to consider of the Bill to restrain the Number of 1Ioufe* Officers fitting in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 2* die Martii;

11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of several Tanners, inhabiting in Duty on the Borough of Chesterfield, in the County of Derby, Leather, on behalf of themselves, and divers others uling the same Trade, residing and dwelling in the adjacent Parts, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That, the Petitioners conceive, the Parliament intended by laying a Duty on Leather, that it should affefil his Majesty's Subjefils in general; but the Petitioners only feel the Grievance of it; for that they cannot fell their Commodity for more now than before that Tax; which has reduced them so low that they mull quit their Trades, if the said Duty be continued: And praying, That it may be taken off.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Johnson, according to Order, presented to the Guv's, Ac. House a Bill to naturalize James Peltier and Scipio Na*-

And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved,

Ludlow

Return

amended.

Young's

Estate.

Montargiei's See. Nat.

Army.

Arrears.

St. Elo) 's Nat.

Darcy's

Kiiate.

Frauds by Agent of Packet-boats.

54O 2° Maftii. . 1698.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday Morning next.

The Clerk of the Crown attended; and, according to the Order of Yesterday, amended the Return for the Borough of Ludlow, in the County of Salop.

An ingrossed Bill to enable John Young Gentleman to fdl Lands, for Payment of Debts and Legacies, was read the Third time.

Resohed, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable John Young Gentleman to fell Lands for Payment of Debts and Legacies.

Ordered, That Mr. Trenchard do carry the Bill to the Lords# and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Theophilns Oglethcrpreported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to naturalize John de Montargier, was committed. That they had examined

and considered the fame, and made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House $ which he read in his Place; ami afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay before this House an Account of the Arrears due to the Gardens, and Gunners thereof.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize de St.

Elny was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize IsaacGouyquette de St. FJoy.

Ordered, That Sir Bail/ Gdo carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill for Sale of some Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Darcy, deceased, for Payment of Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for Sale of loine Part of the Estate late of Sir Thomas Darcy, deceased, for Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Air. Hammond do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of John Russell Gentleman, in behalf of himself, ami others, was presented- to the Hopfe, and read; setting forth. That Daniel Gvyn, Agent for the Spanish Expedition and Spanish Alliance Packet-boats, at

Falmouth, hath often been guilty of making false Musters on the said Ships, embezzling their Stores, extorting Money from the Sailors, and defrauding his Majesty and them in their Victualling, to their great Detriment, and Loss to the said Town; and that Mr. hath

frequently imported great Quantities of Salt in those Ships, without paying any Freight, Custom, or Excise; whereby he made great Profit to himself: And praying, That the Petitioner may be heard, to make good the Allegations of his Petition, which he is ready to prove.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition Jbe referred to a Committee: And that they do examine thp Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the IJoufe:

And it is referred to Mr. .5 Sir Edward Hussey, Sir John Bailee, Mr. Harris, Mr. Mr.

vis, Sir John Bland, Sir Civ. Shovel I, Mr. J'dyres, Mr.

Hoblyn, Mr. Bertie, Mr. GuyMr. Boyle, Mr. Clayton, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Lord Sir S.

nardiston. Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Kinaston, Sir Cowper, Sir JacobBaunks, Sir Robert Cotton, AI r. For-

tescue. Sir Thomas Frankland, Sir Robert Davers, Mr.

MoiuUsi evens, Sir Steph. Leonard, Mr. Tregagle-, and all 24

that serve for the County of Cornwall: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Clttiftbers: And are hnpowered to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That Mr. Raleigh have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Gccafions.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize William Lloyd, Cornelius de Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize William Lloyd, Cornelius de Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Air. Foley, according to Order, presented to the House A Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful: Anc( the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow' at Twelve a Clock, and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That Mr. Napper have Leave to go into the Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Air. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Geo. Burnett was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table,

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

A Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing of Felons, that commit Burglary, or House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops or Warehouses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Air. Dyott, Sir Abstr. Dauby, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Mr. Hayes,

Sir IFm. Cook, Mr. Lowlhcr, Sir John Bollcs, AIr. Bcke, Mr. Hevcningham, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Bos-

cawcn, Mr. Perry, Mr. Osborn, Lord Ranelagh, Mr. R wney, Mr. England, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. B/ofeild, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Sir IsaacIlebow, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Blissc, Sir Theoph. Oglethorp, Sir Owen Buckingham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they do leave out of the Bill the Rew ard to be paid by the Sheriff.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they do prepare, and bring in, a Clause to the Bill, That, in all criminal Prosecutions, the Witnesses for the Defendants, as well as for the King, shall be upon Oath.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for suppressing the ill Practices of Pawnbrokers; and for regulating of them: And that Air. Moor, Mr. Vernon, and Air. Petry, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, for Recovery of his Health.

Then the Alanagers appointed, Yesterday, for the Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill for prohibiting the excessive Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and against the Exporting of Beer and Ale; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Heoeninghamreported the Conference: And that

they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to One of the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

Ordered, That Air. Hammond, Sir Bolles, Mr. Bertie, Lord Fairfax, Air, Blaake, be added to the

Committee,

Leave of Absence.

Lloyd's, See. Nat.

Making Militia more useful.

Leave of Absence.

Burnett'*

Nat.

Apprehending Felons.

Regulating

Pawn-

brokers.

Leave of Absence.

Distillation from Corn.

Claims for Prizes.

Doty on C.kUs.

Supply.

Committees.

Apprehending Felons.

Vy ner's Creditors*

Pennes

Kliate.

Ditto.

P\*nevix*s Ac. Nat.

iiW.III. 2° — 3° 541

Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Craw is livered in at the Clerk's Table: where the feme were referred. once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by

one; and, upon the Quefdon severally put thereupon.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Marsham, Mr. Freeman, agreed unto by the House.

Major Halsey, Sir John Garrard, Colonel Drake, be Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the ingossed. poor Glass-makers in and about London is referred.

A Petition of the Aldermen and Stewards of the Corn- Felt-maker*

The House, according to the Otder of the Day, _ re- pany of Felt-makers, in the City of Chester, on behalf of rrade*

solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to themselves, and the rest of the said Company, was pre-

consider further of the Supply to be granted to his fented to the House, and read; letting forth, That,

Majesty. within these few Years past, the Petitioners, by their

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. Trade, kept Abundance of poor People at Work, and

Mr. Coztper took the Chair of the Committee. comfortably maintained their own Families; but, of late,

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. their Trade is decayed, and the Petitioners are become

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That Objects of Charity, chiefly occasioned by the general Dif-

they had come to a Resolution; which they had directed use of Felt Hats amongst Women of inferior Quality:

him to report, when the House will please to receive the And praying, That feme Provision may be made for the

lame. Encouragement of the Petitioners Trade, and the Wool-

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Saturday len Manufacture, they using a great deal of Wool in the

Morning next. making the said Hats.

Mr. Cowper also reported from the said Committee, Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition

That they bad directed him to move the House, That be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of

they may have Leave to lit again. the Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Mom- Town of Taunton, and Parts adjacent, was referred; and

ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole who were to consider of the most proper Methods to en-

House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted courage the Woollep Manufactures of this Kingdom:

to his Majesty. And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report

r\ jj rr. ., ,. , the fame, wife their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. r

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 3° Martii;

it* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

OR DER E D, That Mr. , Sir Barth. Showery

Mr. Blojeild, Sir Mich. Sir Robert Eden,

Sir Win. Ashurst, Sir John Rogers, Sir Robert Clayton, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Robert Davers, Sir Rich. Cocks,

Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Freke, Mr. Carr, Mr. Kent, be

added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for Apprehending and Punishing of Felons, that commit Burglary, -lloufebreaking, or Robbery in Shops or Warehouses, is committed.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Vyner, Knight and Baronet, deceased, w as read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An Act for enabling George Penne Esquire to fell Lands, for Payment of Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, wets read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Mathew Page was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner hath a Debt due to him, charged upon the lands intended to be sold, by a Bill depending in this House, to enable George Penne Esquire to fell Lands, for Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned; but no Provision is thereby made for paying the Petitioner's Debt: And praying. That he may be heard, by Counsel, before fee laid Bill do pass this House.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read a Second time.

The Lord Hartington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Philip and

others, was committed, That they had examined and con-fulered the fame, and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to die House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards de-Vo l. XII.

A Petition of fee Felt-makers in the Town of - Ditto.

ton, in the County of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That fee Petitioners, within feefe few Years, kept many Journeymen and poor People employed, in Picking, Sorting, and Guarding, of Wool, for carrying on their laid Trade; whereby they, and fee Petitioners, got a Livelihood; but now the Trade is much decayed, for w ant of Women and Maids, of inferior Qualities, wearing of Felt Hats; insomuch that many are become Objects of Charity: And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Freeholders, Tradesmen, and other Inhabitants, of the Town of Taunton, and Parts adjacent, was referred; and w ho were to consider of the most proper Methods to encourage the Woollen Manufactures of this Kingdom:

And that they do examine fee Matter thereof; and report the fame, wife their Opinion therein, to fee House.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill to encourage tl^e Woollen Woollen Manufacture in England-and to reftram the Manufacture, Exportation of Woollen Manufactures from Ireland into any foreign Parts; and for the better preventing the Exportation of Wool from England and ;be read a

Third time upon Alonday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Pleydatt have Leave to go into the Leave of

Country for Ten Days, upon extraordinary Occasions. Abfrnce.

A Petition of fee Proprietors and Owners of several Duty on Glafe-works, in or about the City of London, was pr«- Gfat*. fented to the House; and read; setting forth, Tlmt the Glals Manufacture, by realbnof fee Half Duty continued thereon, and fee Interruption it receives by Collectors, is lo discouraged, feat the Petitioners cannot longer carry it . on; which, were it encouraged, by taking the Duty wholly oft) would be so improved here, as to out-do alL the World; but fee late Duty on Coals makes the Half-Duty continued as hurdenlbme as before the other Half was taken oft"; so that the said Manufacture is in Danger of being loft for a very inconsiderable Revenue to the Crown: And praying. That the said Duty may be taken off"; whereby the Petitioners may he encouraged to bring the said Manufacture to a pci feet El'tabiiflnnent in England.

Y

Ships John and William, and lnduliry.

Army

Arrears.

Preventing

clandestine

Elections.

Trent

Navigation.

Lower's, Ac. Nat.

Malden

Writ.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

542 3 9 Martii.A. 1698;

Ordered, That the Confidr.tatian o the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several poor labouring Artificers in the Glafe Manufh&ure, in and about the City of London, is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Sir William Ashurst, according to Order, prefeiited to

the House a Bill for the Ships John and and

Industry, to trade as free Ships: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of several Troopers of the Earl of Gallway e's Regiment of Horse, that have served in the War in Ireland and Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That in Jane l6g3, ^.Morgan, the Agent, received the Clearings of the Regiment to April 1692; but refilled to pay the Petitioners, though their Accounts were stated by their respective Captains, and assigned to be paid; and, in September 1694,

fan went to the Regiment in Fldnaei's, and in less than ix Weeks time returned with Acquittances from divers new Captains, and new Accounts which reduced the Petitioners former.....to little or nothing; and pretends

he is sufficiently discharged by those new Officers, who also exclude the Widows, Heirs, or AfligrtS, of dead Troopers firbm ArTears: That if the next Clearing falls into the Officers Hands, it is to be feared the Petitioners will be as far from getting it from them as the First: And praying feme speedy Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for preventing the making clandestine Elections; and for enforcing the Law agaloft denying a Scrutiny: And that Mr. Hoar, Mr. Oj/ky, and Mr. Clark, do prepare, and 1)ring in, the Bill.

Mr.Pagit, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for making the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for naturalizing Willia Lower, JVm. Darnell, and Peter Godby, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the feme to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered (he feme in at the Clerks Table. Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do rflue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malden, in the County of Essex, in the room of Sir Eliah Harvey Knight, deceased.

A Petition of t)athe Elizabeth Windham, Widow and Relict of Sir Thomas Windham Baronet, deceased, was prefeiited to the House, and read; setting forth, That, in 1683, the Petitioner joined with her said Husband in Deeds for settling an Estate, in Somerset and Dorsetshire, upon his Brother, Sir Francis Windham, now a Parliament-man, under a Proviso, That the Trustees in the Settlement should, out of those Premises, raise and pay the Petitioner 1,000l. within Three Months after Sir Tho. Death, who has been dead about Six Years; yet the Petitioner hath not received the said 1,000l. being obstructed therein by Sir Francis Wyndham, who insists on his Privilege; And praying, That (he may be at Liberty to proceed at Law for Recovery of the said 1,000 /. the said Estate being settled in Trust, as aforesaid, notwithstanding Sir Francis's Privilege.

To which Sir Francis WinihtM was heard in nis Place.

Ordered, That the said Petition be referred to the,

Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of Fact; and report the same to the House.

A'Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords do not insist on their Amendment, disagreed DifiiHatic* to by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to pro- lroQl CurB* hibit the excessive distillkig Spirits, and low Wines, from Corn; and against the Exporting of Beer, and Ale; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Cook, according to Order, presented to the House old East a Bill, grounded upon the Petition of the Governor and India, Company of Merchants of London trading to the East- Company-Indies, presented to the House upon Monday last: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Wednesday next, at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

The House being informed of an Order, signed by the Order of a Chairman of the Committee of Privileges and Elections, Committee, for fevered Persons to attend the said Committee, with fuPerfeded several Papers, relating to the Account betwixt the King and Michael Wicks Esquire; and what is due upon the Balance of the said Account;

Ordered, That the said Order, and all others relating to the said Account, be superleded.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pro- Deficient, posed, That an Account be laid before the House of ftrch Fund*. Parliamentary Funds as are deficient, for which no Provision is made;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by adding, after " Funds," these Words, " as are " determined

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of such Parliamentary Funds as are deficient, and for which no Provision is made.

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House of what Monies were given the last Session of Parliament; and how the same have been applied.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes, the Secretary of the Treasury, do lay the said Accounts before this House.

Ordered, That Sir Cha.Hot ham. Sir Owen Buckingham, f rauds by

Mr. Duke, Mr. Papillon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Agent of Lownds, Mr. Harley, Mr. Phil.Foley, Mr. Tho. Foley, Packet boat*. Mr. Palmes, Mr. rates, Major-General Mr.

Hady, Sir John Rogers, Mr. Cocks, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Russell Gentleman is referred.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Abingdon Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to Eledioa. the Committee, touching the Elefition for the Borough of Abbingdon, in the County of Berks, and the Resolutious of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow:

Upon the Petition of William Huckes Esquire, complaining of an undue Election and Return of Simon Ilar- court Esquire to serve for the Borough of Abbingdon:

That the Elefition for the said Borough was upon the 21th of July:

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr . Harcourt- - - 232

For Mr. Huckes - 264

But the Petitioner's Counsel insisted, That the Mayor, both before and after the Election, had shewed Partiality to the Sitting Member: And they called,

Mr.

II W. III. 3" Mar til

543

Mr. Benj. Tompkins, Mr. EWho said,

That, before the Election, the Mayor, and several of the Matters of the Hoibital, went about Abingdon to desire Persons Voices for Mr. Harcourt: And that he excepted against some Votes: But the Mayor said, All should be polled for Mr. Harcourt.

Anth. Atherton laid, That the Morning before the Election, the Mayor asked him to drink a 'Mug of Ale with him; and afterwards asked him to vote for Mr. Harcourt; and the said Atherton saying, He was for the Petitioner, the Mayor answered, ft ligoified nothing if the Petitioner had never so many Voices, for he should not fit in this House; for it was thought Mr. Harcourt would be Speaker: And the Mayor further laid. If the Petitioner would desist, he would pay him his Charges: And that the Mayor has said, 20 times, he would do his Endeavour for Mr. Harcourt.

Mr. Tompkyns, Mr. Medlycot, said, When the Poll was

shut up, the Mayor promised a Scrutiny at Three in the Afternoon: And that as to the Right, it was agreed to go according to the last Resolutions of this House:

Which Resolutions were;

" Resolved\That all those who receive Alms, accord-

" to the Act of Parliament, have not Voices in the " Election of a Burgess to serve in Parliament for the " Borough of Abingdon."

" Rejoiced, That those Inhabitants who receive any " conttant Alms, weekly, monthly, quarterly, or yearly, " in Abingdon, have no Voices in the Election of a Bur-

" gefs to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of " don."

That the Petitioner accordingly attended the Mayor, at Three of the Clock; when the Petitioner proposed Three Persone to examine the Books on his behalf; Two of which he named, were Mr. the Mayor's

Father, and Mr. Medlicot -the Counsellor, these Two being the only Matters of the Hospital that were for the Petitioner: That Mr. Harcourt excepted to both of them; but next Day, the Mayor agreed Mr. Seltwood should be One: That Mr. Harcourt feud, He would refer it to some of the Gentlemen in the Room, there being present Mr. Blackaller, Mr. Cawdry, Mr. Rawlins, and the Town-Clerk:

That the Mayor, upon any Question by the Petitioner's Friends, would apply himself to Mr. , and then

make his Answer: But, on the whole Matter, in faCfc, there was no Scrutiny by any present on behalf of the Petitioner (though it did not appear, that the Mayor had denied the Petitioner to be present): That Three Weeks, or a Month, after the Election, the Mayor made the Return: That the Petitioner lent Excaptions to about 50 of Mr. Harcourfs Voters, some of which, the Mayor said, tie believed were good Exceptions.

Mr. Winter said. That about the 18th of August, he was in the Mayor's Company, at Mr. Vincent's; who asking, Who was elected? The Mayor said. The Petitioner was; and that was the Cause he had not made the Return before that Time.

Samuel Roberts said. That, about a Fortnight after the Election, he was in Company with the Mayor and the Petitioner; and that the Petitioner asked the Mayor, What he intended to do ? And that the Mayor answered, Brother, before God, I will return you.

The Counsel for the Sitting Member acknowledged, That as the Poll was taken, the Numbers, were as above; but said, They should take off a great many of the Petitioner's Votes; viz. 16, as receiving conttant Alms; and 65 others, as Inmates, or Lodgers, Boarders, or living in the same House with others that had voted; and some others that were induced to vote for the Petitioner by Prp-miles of Reward.

That the Sitting-Member's Counsel insisted on (several Irregularities on the Part of the Petitioner: And called l'evrral Witnesses:

Mr. Rawlins said, That on the 21 th June, being he was at the King's Head, in the OldChange, and a Porter came from Mr. Hucks the Petitioner, to desire him Vol, XII.

tp come to him: That, accordingly, he went to the Peti- Abinedon tioner; who told him, That Mr. Sethvood had promised Ele&lon. him his Interest, and he desired his, the said Mr. Rawlins', Voice; but he told him, He coy Id not be for him:

That the Petitioner told him, If he was a Parliament-man, he should be a Commissioner of Excise; and That would he worth 1,500l. a Year to him; which he reckoned thus; viz- The Salary 800l. a Year, Perquisites 200 /.; and he told the said Mr. Rawlins, That what he, the Pe-tioner, could do, and make foe Officers of Excise do, would be 500 /. a Year more to him: Thai the said Mr.

Rawlins told the Petitioner, He thought Mr. would not believe him: fie told him, Yep; for he {lad promised to remit 390 /. that ije owed him, whether he, the said Petitioner had the Place or not: That he gd-vised the Petitioner to stand at Wallingford; but he laid,

No, he mutt turn out Mr. Harcourt, or he should not have foe Place.

Mr, Hugh IJate said, That, at the Election of Knights of the Shire, he met with foe Petitioner; and he1 telling foe Petitioner, he did ill to oppose Mr. Harcotirt, the Petitioner said, He ttood for his qwn Iritcreft;, depending upon it, that if he carried it, he should be a Commissionejr of foe Excise: And thereupon Mr an-

fwered, If that be your Intention, the Country qught to take care whom they choose.

That foe Counsel for foe Sitting-Member foen produced, before . the Committee, Ten Convictions of the Petitioner before fo® Commissionere of the Excise; Twp of which were since foe Election; pud One of thepi up-90 his ownCpnfeffioq. . ';

Charles Mortimer That', Mr. Watkyns folicifod

Votes for the Petitioner; and reported, That the Peti, tfoner was proip.ifed ft Place so foe Excifo-Office; and fold the said Mortimer, He should have a PJace there himself, if he would be for foe Petitioner.

Richard Eley, Jof. Stockwell, Mjr. Jofiy fylth: Who testified, That, at the N.ews-house in , a pretty

while before foe Election, a Letter was produced, and fead; and substribed Charles Mie by wfoch it was desired, to the Effect following; piz. That an Ititeretj; might be made for foe Petitioner against Mr. because he was a difaffe&ed Person; and, if he got info foe House, he would go nigh so be Speaker; and Mr. Harcourt was put by, it would be a great Serviqe to them; for thatfoe Lords of foe Admiralty would protect their Watermen or Bargemen from being pressed; aryl that they should have same of the Lord of Oxford's Re-

S'ment, if they desired the fame; and, 'if they desired, ould have no Soldiers quartered upon the Town:

And Mr. Bush said, He brought the Letter from old Mr. Medlicotfs; and it was directed so Tho.

Esquire: And that John Busk voted for the Petitioner.

That, as so foe Matter of Scrutiny, foe Sitting-Member's Counsel called several Witnesses; namely,

Mr. Knapp and Robert Blackaller said, That Mr. Harr court was very willing to haye a Scrutiny, and named Mr. Blackaller, Mr. Rawlins, and Mr. to examine the Books on his Part; but foe Petitioner named Mr. Sellwood and Mr. Medlicott to be to inspect on

his Part; which Mr. Harcourt did nqt think proper; the fieft being foe Petitioner's Father in-Law, the other 41 Connfellpr at Law; and so above those for foe Sitting-Member:

Mr. Blackalkr further said. That it was agtped by the Candidates, that all who received weekly, monthly, quarterly, or yearly Charity, should have no Votes; but that such as ceoeiyed only casual Charity should have Votes:

That Mr. Harcourt fold foe Petitioner, That whether he had any of the Governors of the Hospital (a) £to inspect for him] or no, he should have the Iofpectiou of the 'Books:

That Mr. Harcourt proposed to leave it to the Common Council; but that was not contented to neither:

That thereupon Mr. Haraourt's Friends retired to a House, and cast up the Poll, and sent for the Church-Books, and

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

Churchwardens

Abingdon

Elt&ion*

544 30 Martii. A. 1698.

Churchwardens Books, and scrutinized as carefully as they could; and found that Mr. H had, by a considerable Number, the Majority of good Voices; and that, when the Mayor returned, he examined both Polls, and was satisfied that Mr. Harcourt had a Majority: That, the next Morning, Mr. Harcourt met them again, and then there t^ere further Proposals made; and Mr. Harcourt accepted of Mr. Sellwood; but then they would not agree to come to Mr. Lodgings:

Thereupon Mr. Harcourt Agreed to go to a 3d Place; but laid, He and the Petitioner would be present; and, upon that, the Scrutiny then went off:

That, the Day before the Return, the Mayor said, He was well satisfied, and wQuld return Mr. Harcourt:

That the Afternoon when the Poll was inspefited, there was present himself and Mr. Rawlins, Mr. , and

Mr. Ely, hut nobody for the Petitioner; nor could he say the Petitioner had Notice:

That he believed the Occasion of the Delay of the Return was. That the Mayor was lo nearly related to the Petitioner, as having married the Mayor's Sifter.

Richard Cawdru said, That at the King's

Head, told him, That he never heard the Mayor say, he would return Mr. Harcourt right dr Wrong; but it was Babble of his own railing; yet, since he had said it, he mull: (land by it.

Then the Sitting-Member's Counsel proceeded to disqualify several of the Petitioner's Voters: And infilled, That 16 Persons that voted for the Petitioner had received constant Relief:

But all but John tfprry, IVtU. Weston, and Humphry Thtffin, were given up by the Petitioner: And as to them Three,

Mr. Rawlins testified That John Burry received constant Alms from the Hospital:

That JVm. Weston and Humphry are down for the Two last Years for Blacknall's Charity.

That then the Cpunfel for the Sitting-Member proceeded upon Inmates; and undertook to disqualify 65 that had voted, for the Petitioner, and gave Evidence as to 64 under that Head And as to 21 of that Number;

viz. Richard Viccars, Wm. G, Tho.

Bacon, Titus Garrard, John Garret, Francis Ambrose, John Weston, Richard South,

Robert Hudson, Hazeel, Tho. Day, Wm. Bunce, Anth. Prince, Joseph Wayte, Robert , Richard Clifford, Rich. Pye, Alexander Umpton, and William;

there was no Evidence,' offered by the Petitioner, to justify them; and so were given up by him:

As to the remaining 43, the Evidence was as follows; viz.

Mr. Cawdry said, That John Butler declared to him, His Daughter was the Housekeeper; and that she receives and pays; and drives the Trade of a Button-maker:

That Francis Garret lives in a lower Room of his Mother's House:

That Tho. Gtmnyman has but one Room in the House, in which he lives:

That Abr. Pye lives with his Mother in-law:

That Robert Pope lives in a Chamber, over his Brother MaUard', and has no Fire-place:

That Thomas Shadwell lodges with his Mother:

That John Hemnungs lives in the same House with William Stevens:

That William Parker is an Inmate to his Mother:

That William Lewis lives in Part of an House with Widow Tompkyns, and pays her Rent:

That Mich. Mayo rents Part of John S House:

That Thomas Phips has made all over to his Children, and his Son Ben is the Housekeeper:

That John Tubb lives in a little back Room, formerly a Stable:

That Robert Franklyn has lett all his House, but a Chamber.

That James Hawkins lives in a Room of his Fathers House:

That Edward Bradly lives in Part of John House:

That Tho. Prior lives behind Goody Harding's, in a Part that was a fuiall Buttery:

That William Holder has only what was a Malt-house, behind Mr, MedlicotLs :.

That Richard Phillips lived in London, having an Em ploy in the Post-Office: But it was acknowledged his Wife was a Housekeeper in Abingdon.

William Brmvn said, John Lyford stood always warned out of the Town; and was gone since the Election:

That Mich. Baden was a tingle Mari, and no. House-kee;>er, at the time of the Election:

That Ah. Evans was always a Lodger at his Mother's:

: That John Smith (Chimny)always lived with his Father and Mother:

That Isaac Evans is an Inmate in Mrs. Blackman's House:

That Anth. Weston is an Inmate, and lives in a Kitchen: That Richard Hacklin is an Inmate at Mrs. Westons Mich. Rawlins said, That William Wells had made his Estateover to his Son; and believes his Son is the Housekeeper, because the Trade is in the Son:

That Richard Hat herellfenior, his Son has the Trade;

and all passes in his Name:

That Edward Lydyard was Servant in London, about a Year ago; and came to Abingdon a little before the Election; and lives with another Mari:

That Richard Smith lives in a Bulk; is a Shopkeeper, but has no House:

That Robert Middleton is a Lodger at Widow Porters: That John Porter junior lives with his Father:

That Avery Mathew lives with his Mother:

That Robert Mathew was no Housekeeper at the Election:

That Tho. Turner was no settled Inhabitant, and had but Two Rooms:

That Francis Hebom lives in Widow King's House, who has a Lease from the Town:

That Andrew Plat, and his Son, both live in the same House, and both voted for the Petitioner:

That John Grace lives in a Part of a House with Lydyard:

That Hugh Stacy lives with his Father:

That he had a Warrant from the Mayor to remove John Bedford:

That Anthony Weld lives in his Father's House, and diets with his Brother:

That Richard Smith (Oxon) was sent for to give Security; and he desired time; and, he having not done it, there was an Order for Removing of him:

That Joseph Moulder is an Inmate:

That Richard Belcher lives only in Part of a House; and the Front Part is lett to a Widow.

' That the Counsel for the Petitioner infilled, That they would justify the Votes of John , William Weston,

and Humphry Dirffm, attempted to be taken oft', as receiving constant Relief; And also the43 Votes, not given up by them, and attempted to be taken off as Inmates, Lodgers, or dwelling in Parts of Houses: And they called their Witnesses:

j Ben;.Tompkyn said, That John Burray did not receive

constant Alms before the Election; but it was only occasional, when he was lick, upon Application to the Justices: But he acknowledged he was relieved Three times within these 12 Months.

Mr. Courtein, Mayor, said, That Duffin and did

not receive of Blacknall's Gift till last; though

he could not deny but their Names were put down at the Lower-end of the Lift for 1697.

That as.to the Inmates, Lodgers, and such as were not Housekeepers;

Mr. Ben}. Tompkyn said, That William Laris was a Housekeeper, and Tenant to him for an entire House; and that Widow Tompkyns does not live in that House:

That*

11 W. III. 30 Martiu 545

That Andrew Plat is an Housekeeper, and dwells in a That be takes Robert Mathews to be a Housekeeper; Abingdon

distinct Tenement; that his Son lives next to him, in that he has a Family, and a Door into the Street; and Electio"* another Tenement; but that they have one common En- he has fold them Meat:

try from the Street: That Richard Hatherell is a Housekeeper; pays 8 /. a

That John Porter's House was given him by his Father, Year Rent, and all manner of Taxes; and his, the said as he has been told Hatherell's, Son is his Servant:

That William Holder is a Housekeeper, and Tenant That Richard Smith rents a House of him; has a low to him, at 40 ,y. a Year; and was there a Fortnight be- Room, and a Chamber; and is a Woollen-draper of 100l. fore the Election. , a Year:

That Thomas Shadwdl keeps the House, and his Mo- That Ahr. rents a House of his Mother of 91, or

ther lives with him, having nothing to live by but her 10/. a Year; but his Mother lives with him, and has a Son's Labour, except 12 d.a Week from the Hospital; Room into the Bargain:

yet acknowledged it is his Mother's House, Ihe being Te- That Nicolas May was a Housekeeper at the Election, nant to the Hospital: but quitted it at Michaelmas; and that one lived

That Robert Middleton is an Housekeeper, he buying with him, of whom he rented the House:

Fewel and Provision; yet could not say whether it was That John is a Housekeeper, and pays Taxes;

Middletons House, or Widow Porters: but Lydyard had another Tenement; and there is but one

That John Smith (Chimney) is a Housekeeper, and Door to the Street, which is open Night and Day: rents it of Mr. Roberts; and has heard Landlord and That Edward Lydyard has been a Housekeeper about Tenant own it: 12 Months; and Grace and Lydyard voted for the Pe-

That Antony Wells is a single Man; but was a House- titioner; that the House has been divided 18 Years: keeper Three or Four Months before the Elefition: That Thomas born at has a

That John Tub is a Housekeeper, in a little House Wife, and thinks a Child; and has been a Housekeeper within an Entry, within one Days House; and did know near 12 Months; and is a Bargeman: him to be so Two or Three Months before the Election; That Hugh Stacy has a Family, and rents of Mrs. Haw-That Francis Heborn has a Family, and has the fore kins, who paid the King's Taxes for him:.

Part and greatest Part, of the House: That a Widow That Joseph Moulder was a Housekeeper at, and for Woman lives in the other Part, and lett to Heborn; but 12 Months before the Election; that he had a Habitation was not privy to the ContraCl. of h}mself, and a Shop to the Street; and that Benjamin

Mr. Courtein laid, That Richard Smith (Oxon)his Philip dwells next Door:

Family lives in Abingdon; and though he works at Oxon, That Thomas lives in an House entire: That comes home once in a Week: Widow sand are the only Tenements in

That William Wells leniof is a Housekeeper, and has a little Alley: been for 35 or 36 Years; and his Son is a Servant under That Avery ,is a Housekeeper, and pays

him: But acknowledged he had all'o a House and Shop Taxes; is now married: But acknowledged, thal his at Wallingford. Mother lived there before her Son:

Charles Hughes said, That Tho. Phips is an ancient That Robert Pope is a Housekeeper, and his Sifters live Inhabitant; but, being feme time since afraid of his Cre- with him out of Kindness:

ditors, was reported, colourably, to make over his Effects That William Parker has been a Housekeeper almost

to his Son: Three Years, and he pays the Rent: But he acknow-

That Thomas Gunnymanlives in a House anciently di- leged, his Mother-in-law, Trueloce, lived there before he

vided into Three or Four Parts; and Gunnyman lives in came; and he could not say he was privy to any Con-One 4th Part: tract, or fee him pay any Rent; but laid. That Parker

That Robert Franklyn is a Housekeeper in his own did watch and ward:

House: But acknowledged, that he had let the fore Part That John Lyford was a Housekeeper at, and Three-to one Bellziyn, a Taylor: quarters of a Year before, the Election; but, since the

That Richard Phillips' Wife keeps an Inn at Abingdon, Election, was removed:

and, though he hath an Office at London, now-and-then That Abraham Evans is a Housekeeper, and his Mo-visits his Wife at Abingdon: That Richard Clifford's ther lives with him; but the House is his Mother's own.

Name is on for Taxes, as being, there first: and lhe allows her Son the Rent, to maintain her:

That James Hawkins is a Housekeeper, and pays Scot That Isaac Evans and Ant. Weston live in distinct and Lot; is a Butcher; and hath a Wife, and One or Houses, within a Court.

Two Children; and his Father lives with him; and That the Sitting-Member's Counsel did give up 40 cannot say who has the Property of the House: Voices, on the Poll, for the Sitting-Member; and gave

That Edward Bradly is a Housekeeper; has a Wife their Names: and Daughter; and his Part has been divided from Wil- But the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, they could dilqua-Hams' for Eleven Years: lify many others: And called their Witnesses;

That Richard Hacklin is a Maltster, and hath the prin- . Hughes said, That the Churchwarden, in 1697, paid cipal Part of an House; though a Widow dwells in the William Ilildyard's Rent; but could not say he received fore Part: Bread or Money:

That John Bedford junior is a Housekeeper in an That William Hollis and Robert Davis received from entire House; was born in the Town, but has been ab- 25th May 1697, to Easter following; but could not lay sent feme time; and came before the Election 7 but could they had received since:

not be particular to the Time: . That Ambrose Ceney received Mr: Claytons Gift

That John Butler is a Housekeeper, as he believes, in weekly, for many Years: It was a Peny-Loaf; but he his own House; that his Daughter lives in the House was Parish-Clerk, and his Office worth 20/. a Year: under him: Mr. Courtein said, That Richard Hicks had received.

That Michael Baden was a Housekeeper, and had an Bread weekly, for several Years, of Blacknall's Gift as entire House to himself at the time of the Election; but Charity: But acknowledged he was Parish-Clerk, and hath since taken another Person into the same House: lived in an House of his own.

That Richard Belcher lives in a principal Part of a That as to Inmates;

House, and rents diliinftly of the Landlord: Hughes said, That Isaac Harris had but one Room in

That he took Francis Garret to be a Housekeeper; John Butlers House: but his Brother hath a Chamber with him, and his Mo- That lett all his House but a Garret,

ther's Tenement joins to his: which he lived in; and had not paid Taxes several Years:

That John Hemmings lives 'in the principal Part of the That John Barker and one Mayo are Partners:

House, next the Street; and he takes Henning to be a But acknowledged it was Barker's House:

Housekeeper:

Vo l. XII. Z That

546 3° Martii. 1698.

That Thomas Bedwell lives in the back Part of Car's > House; but it was one entire House:

That John Hewett lives in Part of that which was fares House, with Two more Inhabitants: But it was acknowledged he had several Rooms there, and paid or 5/. a Year, and bad a separate Way out: That William Hunt lived there, and voted for the Petitioner:

That Thomas Holloway lives in the Back Part of the Three Pigeons, in which are Three Inhabitants, and a

Widow is the principal Inhabitant; yet acknowleged Holloway's Name is in the Book for Taxes:

That Nath. Hart lives in Part of the New-Irn, with his brother; but the House has been divided a pretty many Years, and Hart's Name is upon the Tax-Book: That John Eccleston senior and junior lived both in one House, and both polled for Mr. Harcourt: But they were willing to allow One.

That IVuliam Bat is an Inmate wkh one that did not poll:

That Tho. Bacon is in the same Circumstance with Tubb that voted for the Petitioner:

That John Oliver is an Inmate behind John is mn Attorney; and believes Mr. Harcourt has lodged there at the Assize-time.

Richard Clark: That Richard Fletcher senior lodges with his Son, and pays him 9/. a Year, as the old Man told him; yet acknowledged the young Man paid all the King's Tax, and was down in the Parish Book:

That Richard Hudson is single, and lodges with his Father and Mother:

That John Belcher lives with his Mother, and is tingle: That John Holmes lives in Part of a House that Thompson rents; but the House hath been divided about Three-quarters of a Year:

That Marc Carter liveswith one , who keeps

a Tavern; but could not tell who took the House: Thomas Fletcher kid. That Robert Styles was an Inmate; has Part of a House, divided into Three Parts: That Thomas Wilkins lives with his Mother.

Simon Harding: That Mr. Brown lives in a House divided into Two formerly; but could not fey but both were Housekeepers:

That Richard Lovegrove lives in Part of Brown's House ;. and both voted, though they have but One Street-Door.

Mr. Thomkyn said, That Ant. Talbot and Cha. rard live both in one House, and both polled for Mr. Harcourt:

That Richard Wyatt is a lingle Man, and lives at on e End, and Edward Lindsey lives at another End, and both voted for Mr. Harcourt: But acknowledged, that they were Two distinQ Doors, and it had been divided Five or Six Years:

That James Porter lives with his Mother, and pays the Rent, as the Landlord informed him.

That then Mr. Harcourt's Counsel were beard to juf-tify his Votes: And called,

Joseph Stockwell: Said, He asked Hughes what Rea-fen he had to objeQ against several of Mr. Harcourt's Votes? He said, Mr. Tomkyns came out, and entered them down; but he did not intend to infill on it.

Michael Rawlins said. That Hicks was Clerk of St. Nicolas' Parish, and had a Peny-Loaf himself for dillri-buting the Bread to the Poor; and has a House of 12 A a Year:

That Ambrose Ceney is Clerk of St. Hellens , and Mrs. Cleyton left the Clerk One Peny-Loaf a Week, for distributing of the Bread to the Poor; and his Place is worth 20/. a Year:

That Richard Fletcher lives in a House of his own, and is a Shoemaker:

That Richard Hudson's a Housekeeper:

That Isaac Harris lives in a Court; but has a Family; and lives in a distinQ Tenement:

That John Belcher is a Smith, and has a good Trade, and his Mother lives with him:

That Ant. Talbot lives in a distinQ Tenement, with an Other.; and One is given up:

That John Oliver lived in a great House:

That John Hawkins lived in a House of his own; letts the Shop and Cellar; but pays Taxes:

That John Barker has been a Housekeeper 20 Years, and paid to Church and Poor:

That Mayo rents Part of his Malt-house; but Barker

is upon the Tax-Book:

That John Holmes is a Shoemaker, and lives in a distinQ Tenement:

That Thomas Bedwell keeps House by himself, and is now an Officer in the Parish; and the House hath been divided 30 Years:

That James Porter lives in a distinQ: Tenement, and maintains his Mother, and pays the Rent; and that the said Rawlins had seen the Receipt:

That John Hewett is a Housekeeper; lived in a divided Tenement a great many Years; and pays Scotland Lot:

That lVHUam Perton has been a Housekeeper a great many Years:

That John Pullen lives in a House that Frankly built, and only letts Part of it to Franklyn:

That Tho. Bacon lives in a Tenement, in a Court, that hath been lb Five or Six Years:

That Willimn Bat lives in a distinQ Tenement, though there is a common Entry to it with another:

That JVtUiam Brawn has lived in his Tenement Thirty

Years; and it has been divided 15 or 16 Years:

That Thomas Holloway lives in a House of his own, and pays Scotland Lot:

That Hart is a Goldsmith, pays Taxes, and has borne Offices:

That Robert Styles lives in his own House, and is a Housekeeper.

Richard Ely said, That Richard Laoegrooe is a Housekeeper, and lives in a Tenement distinQ, for 20 Years:

That Tho. Wilkins is a Housekeeper, and keeps his Mother:

That Richard Wyatlives in a distinQ Tenement.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That Simon Harcourt Esquire is duly eleQed a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Abbingdon, in the County of Berks.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Petition of William Huckes Esquire, against Simon Harcourt Esquire, is frivolous, vexatious, ground-lese, and scandalous.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second a Candidate time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, committed agreed unto by the House. for »«flueuc-

Resolved, That the Proceeding of William Huclcs ^aion Esquire, in prefeming to make use of the Authority of the Government to the Borough of Abbingdon, in order to be eleQed a Burgess for the said Borough, is a scandalous Reflection upon the Government, and tends to subvert thp Freedom of Elections of Members to serve in Parliament

Ordered, That the said William Hucks Esquire be taken into the Custody of the Seneant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That the Bill fer making the Militia of this Making Kingdom more useful, be read Tomorrow Morning. ufefu?a m°rc

Ordered That the Bill for the better Security erf Pur- Reg^er-ng chafers, by a voluntary Register of Memorials of future Deeds. Deeds and Conveyances, be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven- State of the night, at Eleven a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Navy, of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy; and nothing to intervene.

Ordmi, Thai the Bill. ThuJotoeente and Decree. hereafter to be obtained in his Majesty s Courts of Law in America.

14 and

Poor Laws.

Committees.

Ship

Naaareth.

Leave of Absence.

Chenevix's, Ac. Nat

Duty on Glais.

Army

Arrears.

11 W. III. 3° — 4°Martii. 547

and Equity in England, may be executed in the English Plantations and Colonies in America, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 4* die Martii; li* Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

JJCIPIO Guy, James Peltier, Francis Dcurune, Bar* tholomew Arabine, Elias Neau, took the Oaths appointed* in order to their Naturalization.

A Bill for the Ship Nazareth to trade as a free Ship was read a Second time,

And a Motion being made, and the Questkm being put That the Bill be committed;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt have Leave to go into the Country, for a Month, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize Philip Cheneoix was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Peter Cheneoix, and others.

Ordered, That the Lord Hartington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of several Persons, in behalf of themselves, and other poor working Glafe-makers, in the City of Gloucester, and Town of Neivenham, in the County of Gloucester, waspresented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they petitioned this House, the last Session of Parliament, to redress their Grievances, by reason of the Duty upon Glass-wares; whereby the Petitioners lost their Employment for Two Years, and the House took off Half the Duty; but the remaining Half is such a Discouragement to that Manufacture, that they are not like to have above Three Months Work, to work off an old Stock; there being very little or no Profit, above the Half-Duty, to be gained, unlefe the Duty be quite taken off; which does not now amount to above 1,000l. per Annum, above the Charge of Collection; though the same is the Ruin of the Petitioners, and Lois of the Glass Manufacture: And preying, That the said remaining Half-Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several poor labouring Artificers in the Glais Manufacture, in and about the City of London, is referred.

A Petition of the Wardens, and Mailers, of the Glov- Duty ers Occupation, of the Town of Brecon, was presented Leather* to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Duty upon Leather, and more especially, upon Alum and Salt, is a Cause of the Decay of the Petitioners Trade; the which, with the great Duties on Leather imported, and the late Death of Sheep, renders Leather so scarce and dear, that they cannot get sufficient to carry on that little Trade they have; because that which used to come hither from Ireland is sent into foreign Parts; neither can the Petitioners fell, by their wholesale Trade to London, near so dear as before the said Impositions; to the utter Ruin of some, and Impoverishment of the whole Trade: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration, That the Clause, in the Act for laying a Duty upon Leather, concerning Alum-Leather, may be repealed.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, and Leather-cutters, within Ditto, the Town of Beverly, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, out of a Sense of Duty to his Majesty, they have endeavoured to pay the Duty of 15 /. per Cent. upon Leather hitherto, though it has been very burdensome to the Petitioners; the which they are no longer able to bear; and, if the same be continued, it will be their utter Ruin: And preying. That the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Cordwainers within the Town of Ditt®. Beverly, in the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners are very much impoverished, by the Duty of 1 per Cent. laid upon Leather; to which the Transportation of tanned Leather, which causes it to be scarce and dear, does not a little add; both which have reduced the Petitioners to great Exigencies: And praying, That the said Duty may not only be taken off; but also, that the Transportation of all tanned Leather may be prohibited.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Inhabitants of Plymouth was presented A to the House, and read; setting forth, That Major-Ge- Arrears, neral Erie's Regiment being quartered at Plymouth, for several Years, the Officers contrafted many considerable Debts to the Inhabitants, for which they gave them Bills upon their Arrears; but the said Regiment hath, some time since, been disbanded; yet the Petitioners can get no Satisfeftion of the Officers; who still lay they have not received their Arrears: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize George Burnet was read Burnet's the Third time. Nat.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be,

An Act to naturalize George Burnet.

Ordered, That Mr. Trelawney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Serjeants, Corporals, Drummers, and private Centinels, of the Regiment under the Command of the late Colonel John Foulks, and General of the Forces of the Expedition to the West Indies, in the Year 1692, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there is a considerable Sum of Money due to the Petitioners; who were never difeounted with j but are reduced to a starving Condition: And praying, That Colonel LUlingston, who succeeded Colonel together with Agent Paine, and John Thruston Esquire, Agent, may be ordered to balance the Petitioners Accounts, and pay them what is justly their Due.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

Vo t. XII.

Mr. Pagit, according to Order, presented to the House Trent a Bill for making the River Trent, in the Counties of Navigation. Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable: Which was, according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved,' That the Bill be read, a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Woollen whom the Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture Manufacture, by making the Act, in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers, and regulate the Factors there, more effectual, was committed, be now received.

Mr. Eyres, accordingly reported from the said Committee, That they had made several Amendments to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House;

which

Papists

Protestant

Heirs.

Writs of Error.

548

Martii.

A. 1698.

which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in A Bill for making the Militia of this Kingdom more Making at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read. useful was, according to Order, read the First time. mor*

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Consider* Ref That the Bill be read a Second time, upon ation upon Tuesday Morning next, at Ten a Clock. Monday Sevennight; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs was committed, be made upon Monday Sevennight

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for limiting a certain Time for bringing Writs of Error to reverie Fines and Recoveries, and ancient Judgments, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the p House an Account of such Parliamentary Funds as are F,n^‘ deficient, for which no Provision is made: And also.

An Account of the Monies given in the Session of Parliament holden on the 3d Day of December 1697; and how the same have been applied.

The Titles whereof were read.

The First Account is as followed);

d.

n

In the First Session of the Parliament begun and holded, at Westminster, on the 22th Day of November 1695, several Duties on low Wines were granted, for Five Years, from Lady-day 1696; with Power to borrow any Sums thereupon not exceeding 70,000l. at the Rates of Interest following; that is to say, Six per Cent, per Annum, for the First 40,000 /. and Seven per Cent, per Annum, for the remaining 30,000 /.: By virtue whereof, there was borrowed, at the Exchequer, the Sum of 69,959 /. 16 s. 6 d.; of which there is repaid the Sum of 26,750/.; and there remains unpaid, of the Principal Money, 43,209/. 16 s.6d. the Term being more than half expired; and there being a Restraint intended, by a Bill, now depending, to limit the Quantities of Wines to be drawn from malted Corn, for One Year, it is likely, that this Fund will be deficient at Lady-day 1701, at least -In the Second Session of the said Parliament holden, by Prorogation, upon the 20th Day of ber 1696, several Powers were given to make forth Bills of Credit for 2,700,000 /. with I Interest; which Bills were to be satisfied and cancelled, upon several Funds; whereupon the,) 923,244 12 Deficiencies are computed, in the Paper hereunto annexed; amounting, besides Interest due, I and to grow due, upon the Bills yet uncancelled, to the Sum of -J

In the same Session, a Land Tax of 3 s. in the Pound was granted to his Majesty, with a

Clause of Credit for 1,500,000l. at 8 per Cent. Interest; which was borrowed; and I

1,075,9011, os. 9^ d. of the Principal is repaid; and the Principal Monies, besides In- \ g Q0Q _

terest, unpaid, upon the Register for this Tax, are 424,098/. 19 2 ft/.; towards which, '

the Arrears standing out in the Hands of Receivers, or Collectors, do amount to about 8,000 /.: So the Deficiencies of this Tax, besides Interest, is - -

In the same Session, several Duties were granted upon Paper and Parchment, for Two Years, ended the lft Day of March now last past, with a Clause of Credit; whereon [30,000 /.] I

was borrowed, at SI. per Cent, to encourage bringing in Plate to be coined: The said Duties \ 15,400 — —

have paid off 14,600l. besides Interest; and the Principal Money remaining unsatisfied, [ at 8 /. per Cent, per Annum Interest, is - -J

In the same Session, certain Duties were imposed upon Leather, for Three Years, from the'

20th April 1697, and appropriated to pay off 564,700l. which had been lent on the Coal-Duties, taken away by another Act, and the Interest thereof; upon which principal Sum, there now remains unsatisfied 506,438 /.; and the gross Produce of the Duties upon Leather being about 90,000l. per Annum, and the Charge of Management thereof being about 20,000 /. per Annum, the tame may, by the 20th April 1700, produce, in net Money, about 70 or 80,000 /. more; and then the Deficiencies will be about

Memorandum: It is Enacted, Page 430, That, if the Duties on Leather fall short, the Deficiencies shall be made good out of the next Aid to be granted after the End of the said Three Years.

In the same Session, certain Duties were laid upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry,' from the 20th April 1697, to the 20th July 1699, and the said Malt-Duties were appropriated to pay off 200,0001, borrowed at the Exchequer, with the Interest thereof, at 8 /. perCent. and 1,200,000l. in Tickets, with Interest thereof, at about 3/. 15 s. per Cent, per Annum: The said Malt-Duties have produced into the Exchequer lulficient to pay off the said 200,000 /. and Interest, and 390,000 /. and Interest upon the said Tickets; so that the Principal Money resting upon Tickets is 810,000 /.; and the Interest to be paid by the End of the Term will, by Eftiraation, amount to 115,000l.; in both, 925,000l.; towards which, the said Malt-Duties may yet produce, upon the present Grant thereof, 300,000 /.; and then there will be a Deficiency of ——

Memorandum: There is a Clause, Page 453, That if the Malt-Duties did not produce into the Exchequer, before 20th April 1698, the Sum of 800,000l. then the Deficiency, to make up 800,000 /. should be supplied out of the First Aid to be granted after the 20th of April 1698; and if the Malt-Duties before the 29 of 1699, with the Money in the mean time to be. supplied, as aforesaid, should not amount to 1,515,000l. then lo much as would make up 1,515,000l. should be made good out of the First Aid to be granted after the 29th of September 1699.

In the Session of Parliament holden, by Prorogation, on the 3d of December 1697, a QuarO terly Poll, for One Year, was granted to his Majesty; and, by a Clause of Credit there- I upon, the Sum of 500,000 /. hath been borrowed, at 7 for the First 250,000l.,) 180,000 —

and 8 /. per Cent, for the remaining 250,000 /.: This Poll, by Ellimation, will make about

426,438 ——

) 625,000 — — -

320,000 /.; and then there will be wanting for Principal, besides Interest

(«) Supplied from the original Account.

O

There

Supply.

11W. III. 4® Mariti. 549

There is due, to complete the Million Lottery Annuities to Michaelmas 1698, the Sum of) £. g. </, 92,000l.; and to complete 100,000l. per Annum to the Bank of ,to the First of

June 1698, the Sum of 31,771/. 19s. 8 d.;and to complete the Annuities lately payable I,

out of the Tonage-Duties, at Christmas 1699, about 30,000l.: In all, for these Particulars, oi % 7r9 about 153,771/. 194. 8 d.;which being supplied, the additional Excite would be sufficient for the growing Annuities ——

4 March 169^. In all - £-2,759.854 12 4i

Wm. Lowndes.

In the Session of Parliament holden, by Prorogation, on the 20th Day of October 1696, feverak Subsidies, commonly called the Capitation-Duties, were granted to his Majesty, for One Year; with Power to issue Bills thereupon, for any Sums not exceeding 1,500,00 0/.; which Bills, to that Value, were made forth, and bear Interest at the Rate of 5 a Day for every Hundred Pounds, when they are not in the publick Receipts; The whole Sum arisen by \ the said Subsidies, or Capitation-Duties, into the Exchequer, to this time, doth amount to 560,309/. 18#. 5 \d.; and the Principal Money upon cancelled Bills, satisfied out of the same doth amount to 542,226/. lor. 4 d.;and the Complement thereof, to the principal Sum of

1,500,000l. is ——

In the same Session, there was granted to his Majesty an Aid of 1 a. in the Pound upon Land,' payable in the Year 97; ana a further Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage, for Two Years and Three Quarters, ending the First of February 1699; with Power to make forth more Bills, for any Sums not exceeding 1,200,000l. at the like Interest; which Bills were also itiued; and the Money hitiierto arisen into the Exchequer, by the said 1 s. in the Pound upon,) Land, doth amount to 403,456 /. 5 s.Sid.; and by the Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage to 443,857/. 16#. 8 d.;out of which Two Sums last mentioned, there have been cancelled as many Bilb as, in principal Money, amount to 806,709/.; and the Complement thereof, to 1,200,000l. is ——

957,773 9 8

393*291 ——

The Total is - £. 1,351,064 9 8

Towards which, there doth remain the Particulars following; viz.

Arrears (landing out upon the Capitation-Act, in the Hands of Receivers') and Collectors, about ----- -- - -J

(a) [And on the said 12 Pence in the Pound upon Land, about

8. d.

5.000 ——

4.000 ----- ]

The Subsidy of Tonage and Poundage to the 1 ft February next 1699, by") 1gQ__________

Estimation about

There was a Credit given, on the Aid of 3*. in the Pound upon Land,' payable Anno 1698, for 1,400,000l.;' and it was thereby Enacted,

That, after the Sums therein mentioned should be satisfied, or transferred, the Loans for the remaining Part of the said 1,400,000l. might be made in Exchequer- Bills, or in Money to buy Bills; and that such Bills should be cancelled: Which Remainder doth amount 10238,819/. i6r. ii$</.

In all, to be deduced - -

238,819 16 ill

427,819 16 n|

So there is, and will be, deficient, to clear all the said Exchequer- Bills - - £. 923,244 12 8f

Betides all Interest now due, and hereafter to grow due, upon the Bills remaining uncancelled.

Memorandum: In the AS for the 1,500,000l. BiHs, there is a Clause, Page 132, That if the Aids or Supplies, therein mentioned should be deficient to raise the said 1,500,000l. such Deficiencies should be, in the First Place, made good and supplied out of any the Monies that should be raised by any Act or Acts of the then next Session 01 Parliament.

And, by another Clause in the A6fc for the said 1,200,000l. Bills, Page 521, it is Enacted, That all the Bills which should not be cancelled, by the Produce of the Funds or Supplies therein mentioned, by the 25th Day of March 1698, should be satisfied, as well by the Arrears of those Funds, as out of the Money which should arise by any Aids to be granted in the then next Session of Parliament.

The 2nd Account is in a Book by itself. ....

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Cooper according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House i which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of Three hundred thousand Pounds, be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Guards and Garrisons for the Year 1699.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding the Sum of 300,000l. be granted to his Majesty, for maintaining Guards and Garrisons for the Year 1099.

The Earl of Ranelagh, according to Order, laid before the House an Abstract of the Accounts due to the several Garrisons, to the First Day of January 1698: -And also.

An Abstract of the Arrears due to the several Regiments in Ireland, in Scotland, in the Service of the States of Holland, and in the TVest-Indies.

The Titles whereof were read.

And the said Abstracts are as follow; viz.

(a) This Article is supplied from the original Account.

Y«l. XII.

7 A

The

Army

Arrears.

55°

4° Martii.

The said Abstract of Arrears due to the several Regiment following; vis.

A. 1698.

Arrears of Subsistence in Flanders. Arrears of Pay. Totals.

S. d. 1- s. d. £. s. d.

4,9°8 8 3* 16,077 16 7 20,986 4 10!

4,661 12 7 15,440 9 9 20,102 2 4

5,685 18 8 8,986 2 5 14.672 1 1

3,083 18 6 13,796 4 9 16,880 3 3

623 5 3 13,308 12 6 13.031 17 9

2,593 4 — 11,1*4 16,977 11 7 13,776 *5 7

- - 2 7 16,977 2 7

- - 12,333 2 5; 12,333 2 5

3,*10 7 10 12,673 17 6 5,84 5 4

2,644 5 ni 10,270 14 8 12,915 7f

2,457 11 # 1 j 10,382 1 2 12,839 12 3 '

952 9\ 12,137 19 2 13,088 19 nf

2,587 9 71 11,083 1 — 13,670 10 7£

3,205 6 9 10,725 17 9 13,93! 4 6

1,288 1 if 11,662 2 7 12,950 3 8f

3,591 19 3 »i,734 7 10; 15,326 7 1

2,838 14 6 8,149 18 5 10,988 9 11

\ - 10,370 9 8 10,370 9 8

- - m 10,369 14 7: 10,369 14 7

44,330 1 3 227,664 6 11 271,994 8 O

I . 13,351 \ 2 6 13,351 2 6

6,213 8 5i 11,414 7 11 17,627 16 4i

6,723 11 4t 8,822 14 . 3 15,546 5 71

3,165 12 9 11,908 9 6 15,074 2 3

4,909 15 9 12,839 3 4 17.749 4 1

3,59i 14 5 9,061 5 10 12,653 — 3

4,380 15 G 10^75 — 7 14,455 16 1

2,62a 7 6 6,148 19 6 8,771 7 —

31,607 .5 H 83,621 8 5 115,228 14 iF

} 2,541 18 9 9,612 15 2 12,154 13 11

946 — 10 10,536 15 4 11,482 16 2

4,064 5 9 9,601 11 10 13,665 17 7

2,479 14 5 9,5 79 13 1 12,059 7 6

1 2,473 9 7 6,132 6 6 8,605 16 1

' 3L741 19 ao 12,954 — 4 44,696 —

44,247 9 2 58,417 2 3 102,664 11 5

- 11,781 4 10 11,781 4 10

1: - 2,305 2 *,305 2 8

} -; - 4,219 — 2 4,219 — 2

- - 1 18,305 7 8 1^8,305 7 8

In Ireland.

Major General Leveson's, to the 19th September 1698 Brigadier Lan^fton's, to 26 March 98.

Colonel Roffes Dragoons, to the 2 7 April 98.

Colonel Webb's Regiment of Foot, to die 19 March 97. Sir Bevill Granvill's, to the 13 August 98. -Colonel Brewer's, to the lftof January 97. -Sir John Jacob's, to the 9th of April 1698 -Colonel Tidcomb's, to 26 March 1698 Colonel How's, to the 12 March 1697 Sir Math. Bridges's, to the 10th December 97. -Colonel Stanly's, to the 5 March 97.

Marquis d£ Puiffar's, to the 11 December 97*

Brigadier Ingoldby's, to the February 97.

Brigadier Tiffin's, to ifee 10th December 97.

Colonel Collumbin's, to the 30 strly 1698 -Brigadier Fairfax's, to the 13 August 1698 -Colonel Fred. Hamilton's, to the 10 December 1697 Sir Henry Bellafis', to the 26 March 1698 Major General Stewart's, to the same Time

In Scotland.

Troop of Scotch Guards, to lft January 97, including their Arrear of Subsistence -

Lord Tiviot's Dragoons, to 8 February 97.

Cord Jedbrough's Dragoons, to the 31 March 98. Regiment of Scots Foot-Guards, to the 1 ft February 98. Sir David Coljear's Regiment, to the 1 o March 97 Colonel Row's, to the 11 January 97.

Brigadier. Maitland's, to the 4th February 1697 -Colonel Geo. Hamilton's, to the 21 December 97

In the Service of the States of Holland.

iC

inclusive - -

Colonel Murry's, late Makay's, to that Time Colonel Walt. Coljear's, to the same Time -Colonel Lander's, to the same Time - . -Lord Strathnaver's, to the same Time -

Major-General Eppinger's Dragoons, to the 11th October 98 ——

In the West Indies.

CoTonel Collingwood's Foot, to the lft January 98 Company at Bafbadoes, to the same Time, including tl Arrears of Subsistence -

Company at the Leeward Blands, to the lUme Time, in-' eluding their Arrears of SubsistenCe

Memorandum: There is included in the Column of Arrears of Pay, in this Abstract, and the former AbstraQs given into this House, the Off-reckonings (the Fund for Cloathing), fr-om the First.of January 1697, to which Time they are provided for by Parliament, to the lft of January 1698, amounting to 125,799/. 18$. 5

The other Abstract of Arrears due to the several Garisons.

Arrears of Subsistence.

From the lft April 93, to the lft April 1694 From the lft April 94, to the lft April 1695 From the 1 April 95, to the lft April 1696 From the 1 April 96, to the 1 April 1697 From the 1 April 97, to the 1 April 1698 ‘ From the ift'April 98, to the lft January 1698

c

3.786 15 5*

3.786 15 5f

Total - I

Arrears of . Pay.

9.417

9.410

9.399

9.447

9.447

7,085

3. d. 18

18 — 18 — 16 6

54,208 12 3.78b 15

6

5*

57,995 7 nf

(a) [Memorandum: Besides the above Arrear, the Garifonsare in Arrear of Subsistence since the First of January 1098, to this Time.].

(a) This Memorandum is (applied from the original AbAraft.

II W. III.

40 — 6°

Ways and Jdeons.

Supply.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Abstracts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Re/blved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 6* die Martii;

11* Gulielmi Tertii.

PHAYERS.

NC ISNaifon, Isaac La Font, Bay.

* Cha. Bouquet, John Dubes Denude, John Petty,

Gamebald, Jo. Leuis D'Lafarell, John Cru/em, Peter Muturin, James Biggott, Peter Gallic, took ithe Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Leave of

Absence.

Moor*a

Ordered, That Mr. Dormer have Leave to go into the Countiy, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Sale of the Manors of and Beohett,

with their Appurtenances, in the County of Devon, being the Lands of John Moor Eftjuire, by Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts of the said John Moor, vyas committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made foroe Amendments thereunto; which :they bad directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and . then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the -House.

Ordered, That the Bill, wijth the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Kllinpfnate A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and the Grand Fitti Market. Jury, of the County of Middlesex, alfembfod at the General Sessions of the Pence, held the 37th Day of February 1698, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have beqn informed, that, for many Years last past, certain Persons have confederated together, to engross the Pith at Billingsgate, and to destroy great Quantities of pish, to Jceep ,up the remaining Part . to a high Price; which hath been very prejudicial to the Inhabitants in and about London: And praying, That the Bill, depending in the House, for making Billingsgate a free Market for the Sale of Fish, may pais into an A6fc.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Vrpventin^ Sir Richard Cocks, according, to Order, presented >to tori upturn the House a Bill to prevent the Corrupting of Juries: ot Junes. And the same was received.

Yol. XII.

55*

Refitlved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Exportation of Wool Woollen from England and Ireland into foreign Parts; and to en- MwwkAure. courage the Woollen Manufacture in England-, and restrain the Exportation of Woollen Manufactures; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of England and Ireland into foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Feltmakers in the Borough of Felt-making castle under Line, on behalf of themselves, and many Tract* others, inhabiting in that Neighbourhood, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are great Numbers of Mailer Hat-makers in the said Town, who formerly employed Nine or Ten Journeymen each, and many other Persons, in ordering Materials for making of Hats; but now the said Trade is so decayed, by reason that Servants, and others of inferior Quality, have left off wearing Felt Hats, that many are become Objects of Charity for want of Employment: And praying the House to take the Premises into Consideration.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Glass-bottle-makers, and other Glass- Djrty on makers, in and near Stourbridge, in the County of /For- G "8‘ cester, on behalf of themselves, and many more, whose foie Livelihood depends on those Trades, was presented to the House, and read 5 letting forth, That the Petitioners did, before a Duty was laid uponGlals, employ many Hundred Families; but the Duty put a full Stop to the Bottle-trade; so as they did not work One Day from the Commencement of the Duty, till Part was taken off; and then feme of the Petitioners began to work again; but, with the Duty, and the Loss by Breakage of Bottles, and other Glals-wares, the current Price will not answer an Expectation, but that the Petitioners must fell to Loss; which has lb consumed their Stocks and Estates, that they must be utterly ruined, if not relieved by this House;

And praying the Consideration of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the poor labouring Artificers in the Glal's Manufacture in and abput the City of London is referred.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Zee Baronet was presented to Ailesbury the House, and read; setting forth, That, at an EleCjtion Election, upon the 22th of February Taft, of a Member to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of the

Petitioner was duly chosen, by the Majority of legal Voters; but the Constable, arbitrarily refilling to poll such Persons as had a Right, and would have been for the 'Petitioner, and admitting others to vote for Robert Dormer Esquire, who had no Right, and by other undue Practices, bath returned Mr. Dormer, in Prejudice to the Petitioner: And praying the Relief and Justice of the House therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections:

And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Hooper have Leave to go into the of Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. AWence.

Ordered, That Mr. Robert Eyres have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, CalJofth* That the House be now called over, according the House. Order of the Day;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

6 Tellers

55* <S®-7

Teller, so, the Yea3,{SNi;^7".l 126.

Tenor, for the No } l67r

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the House be called over upon this Day Fortnight: And that such Members as shall not then attend, as well such as have Leave to be absent as those that have not, be, without a satisfactory Reason given to the House to the contrary, sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do fend his Letter to the Sheriffs of the respective Counties of England and Wales, to summon the Members of their respective Counties to attend the Service of this House, as well such as have Leave to be absent as others, upon Monday the Twentieth Day of March instant.

The Form of the Letter was as followeth; viz.

Sir,

THE House of Commons having taken Notice of the Absence of several of their Members, I am commanded to acquaint you with it, That you may give immediate Summons to all the Members of this House, Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses, within your County, to attend their Service in Parliament, on Monday the 20th Day of March instant, notwithstanding any Leave for Absence; the House of Commons intending to proceed further with all Severity against all such of their Members as shall then neglect their Attendance: And you are to give an Account of the Receipt of this, and what you have done hereupon, unto

From the House of Com- Your loving Friend, mons, the 7th Day of....

Members Ordered, That the Clerk of this House do, Tomorrow v»ho have not Morning, lay before this House a List of such Members attended. M not appear by the Roll to have attended the House during this Session.

Officers The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-

fitting in the foived itself into a Committee of the whole House, to e* consider of the Bill to restrain the Number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

The House being informed, That there was a Difference in the Committee, who should take the Chair of the Committee;

Ordered, That Sir John Bolles do take the Chair of the Committee.

Then the House resolved itself into the said Committee.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Bolles took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Bolles reported, from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Elections — Mr. Clark reported from the Committee, to whom the

preventing. BUI for preventing irregular Proceedings of the Sheriffs, L»rRemrnsf an<* °^ier Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House} which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put there-' upon, agreed unto by the House.

Jo) Tbs following Note is infected in this Place in the Journal; viz.

Martii. . 1698.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, he ingrossed.

(a)

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Marlis, 7* die Martii;

11® Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

JpHILLIP De St. Jean, Gabrieli Cheimey, Daniel Cottin, Math. Latoar, Peter De , Noha Catroy, Math. Lajite, Ruben Calleati, Alpheus Beauregard, Abrah. Sandoz, Cha. de Sagea Joachin James de la Boullaye, Francis Hurry, Augustin John Preston, Lewis Regnier, Lewis Terme, Peter Chauvyn, Henry de Coq, Fran. Labat, John Maynard,

Isaac Gerverau, John Cafper Keiling, Peter Daussey,

John Fournier, Lewis Petit, John Peter,

Lewis Dagniaux, Fran. Maleray, Peter Cohaines, Olwer Crefpin, David Dignes, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition-of the Shoemakers in and about the Bo- Duty on rough of Northallerton, in the County of Yo)'k, was pre- Leather fented to the House, and read; setting forth. That feme Attempts have been made to export tanned Leather; which, if permitted, will impoverish and ruin the Petitioners, and especially the Dealers in thin Work, there being Persons buying up great Quantities of Calves-lkins, to fend beyond Sea; so that the Petitioners will not be able to furnish themselves at any Rates, to carry on their Trades, which, by the Duty on Leather, is brought so low, that they can scarce live: And praying. That the Exportation of tanned Leather may be flopped effectually.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Tanners, Skinners, Makers and Ditto. Dressers of Leather, and Dependents on them, belonging to the said Trades, inhabiting within the Hundreds of Launjdale and Amondemesse, within the County Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners endeavoured justly to pay the Duty laid upon Leather by Act of Parliament, ever since the Commencement thereof; but, by the Severities, and Manner of Ordering and Management of the said Duty, required by the said Act, and the lnjustice and Negligence, of the Officers appointed to enter and collect the Duty, the same is an intolerable Discouragement to the said Trades; nor can many of the Petitioners, being illiterate Men, make up such Accounts as the said Act requires:

And praying the House to redress their Grievances.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay Naval before this House a Copy of the contingent Account de- contingent livered by the Treasurer of the Navy; and of what passed Account-between them concerning the said Account

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Moncall's, Mr. Meredeth: &c* Nat-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled An Act to naturalize Mark Anthony Davesseius de Moncall, and David Loches, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Bill for Naturalizing of Scipio Guy and James Peltier Guy's, Ac. was read a Second time. 1SuU

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Nicholas,

Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Kent, Mr. Price,

Mr. Mtifon, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Onslow, Mr.

" This Report and Order were omitted the former Part of the Day.1*

Mr.

Woollen

Manufacture.

Ditto.

Hamburgh

Company.

Montargier*s> *c. Nat.

Writs of Error.

11 W. III. 7 0 Martii.

Mr. Bamardiston, Mr. Clark, Mr. Pkrpoint, Sir Rich, the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the

Cocks, Mr. Osborn, Mr. Blake, Mr. Jofmfon, Mr. Slater, House.

Mr. Lawther, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Morgan, Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-

Mr. Freeman:And they are to meet this Afternoon at grafted.

Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Penne'*

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, for enabling George Penne Esquire to fell Lands for the Estate* of the Borough of Reading, in the County of Berks, was Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein men-presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, tioned, was read a Second time.

for many Years last pail, great Quantities of English Ma- Resolv That the Bill be committed to Mr. Conyers,

nufactures have been transported, and fold in Flanders, Sir Steph. Leonard, Sir Dovers, Mr. Gordon, Mr.

to the great Encouragement of the Clothing-Trade of Clark, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Harley, Mr. Pitt, Mr. Thursby,

this Kingdom; but the Petitioners fear, that the ftriCi Pro- Sir Robert Mr. Blofeild, Sir Jacob Baunks, Mr.

hibition of importing their Manufactures hither, and the Freke, Mr. Serjeant Mr Mr

present Duties on such as are imported, will break off Sir JVm. Ashurst, Sir Cocks, Mr. Osborne, Mr.

our Correspondence with them: And praying the House ther, Mr. Ash, Sir Sam. Bamardiston, Mr. Vernon, Mr. '

to take effectual Care for the Continuance and Ad van- Luttercll, Mr. Sir Mr. Mr.

tage of the English Woollen Manufactures, in respect to Hunt-, and all that serve for the Counties oiDorset,

Dealings in foreign Countries. ampton, and Somerset: And they are to meet this After-

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition noon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers, be referred to the Committee appointed to consider how Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of far, for advancing the Woollen Manufacture, it may be Matthew Page Gentleman, which was laid upon the convenient to repeal the last Law or Prohibition of Lace Table until the Second Reading of the said Bill, be re-from Flanders. ferred to the said Committee.

A Petition of the Clothiers, and others concerned in Mr. Hoblyn reported from the Committee, to whom Seizures upon the Woollen Manufactures, residing within the Borough the Bill for the speedier and more easy discharging Outlawries, of Reading, in the County of Berks, was presented to Seizures in the Exchequer, upon Outlawries in Civil the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quanti- Actions, was committed, That they had made several ties of our Woollen Manufactures have, for many Years, Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed been exported, and fold in Flanders; but foreign Letters him to report to the House; which he read in his advise, that either the great Duties laid upon feme, or Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's the Prohibition of others, of their Manufactures, puts Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and them upon making Woollen Cloth; which, if not pre- then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question vented, will be very prejudicial, to this Nation: And severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House. praying the Consideration of the House; so that the Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be Woollen Manufacture may beftall continued in England, ingrafted, and prevented from being set up in foreign Countries.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Woollen be referred to the Committee appointed to consider how Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Manufacture, far, for advancing the Woollen Manufacture, it may be better Improvement of the Woollen Manufacture, by convenient to repeal the last Law of Prohibition of Lace making the Act, in the 8th and 9th Years of his Majesty's from Flanders. Reign, to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the

Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there, more A Petition of the Serge-makers, and others concerned effectual; was committed: in the Woollen Manufactures, in Taunton-Deane, and Parts And the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the

adjacent, in the County of Somerset, was presented to the said Bill, being severally, read a Second time, were, upon House, and read; setting forth, That the restraining the the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the Exportation of the Woollen Manufactures intp Germany, House.

and other foreign Parts, to the Hamborough Company, A Clause w as offered, to be added to the Bill, relating or any others, is a known Prejudice to Trade, by lessening to Kidderminster Stuffs:

the Number of Buyers, and thereby falling our Markets, And the same was read the First time; and, by Leave to the great Impoverishment. of the Petitioners, and the of the House, withdrawn.

Kingdom in general: And praying. That England may Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, be a free Market for the Woollen Manufactures, for all That no Factor shall fell any Cloth but by Order of the Persons, whatsoever. Maker:

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question until the Report relating to the Hamborough Company put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made be taken into Consideration. Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-An ingrossed Bill to naturalize John de Philiponeau de grossed.

Montargier was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Ordered, That the Bill for the opening the ancient Sedgmore be, An Act to naturalize John de Philiponeau, and others. Roynes and Watercourses in Sedgmore, in the County of Drainage.

Ordered, That Sir Theophihis Oglethorpe do carry the Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto, and profitable to the Inhabitants, be read a Second time

Tomorrow Morning. '

Mr. Lmcther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for limiting certain Times within which Writs of A Bill, That Judgments and Decrees hereafter to be Executing Error shall be brought for the Reverting of Fines, common obtained in his Majesty's Courts of Law and Equity in Judgment* in Recoveries, and ancient Judgments, was committed, That England, may be executed in the English Plantations and America. they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which Colonies in America, was read a First time, they had directed him to' report to the House; which he And a Motion being made, and the Question being read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read through- It passed in the Negative.

out; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon Resolved, That the Bill be rejected.

Vol. XII. 7 B Ordered,

554

7° — 80 Martii. A. 1698.

Ordnance Ordered, That Sir Henry Goodrich do lay before this Estimate. House an Estimate of the Charge of the Ordnance, for Land-Service, for the Year 1699.

Poor Laws. Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it wa3 referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work, be taken into COnsideration Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock,

Members who have not attended.

The Clerk, according to Order, presented to the House a List of the Names of l'uch Members as <do not appear upon the Roll to have attended during this Session:

And the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

For the County of Cornw

Lanceston

Bossin County of Cumberland Carlisle Rochester Bast-G Warwick Devizes Dover Glamorgan Merioneth

John Speccot Esquire

fVm. Cary Esquire Sir John Pole Sir John Lowther William Howard Esquire Sir Joseph WilliamsonKiught LyonellEarl of Orrery Robert Grcvell Esquire John Methwin Esquire

Math. Aylmer Esquire

Bassy Manfell Esquire

Hugh Nanny Esquire

The said Names were severally read a Second time: And, upon the Question severally put thereupon, they were exfculed, in regard they were not able to attend, either by reason of Sickness, or of their being beyond Sea, or of their great Age and Infirmities.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Rabefoier's, for the Naturalization of Theophilus Rabefniers, and others, &c. Nat. was read the First time.

Resolved That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of divers Inhabitants of the City of West- Westminster minster, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the In- Com Market habitants of the same City, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the said City, being very populous, and situate upon the River of Thames, is capable of being supplied, by Water-carriage, with all Sorts of Bread and Com, at cheaper Rates than now they have it by Land-carriage, which is a great Expence to the Petitioners, and a Hardship upon the poorer Sort of People; the Occasion of which is, the want of a convenient publick Market, for Persons to bring their Com to, near the said River: And praying the House to relieve the Petitioners therein, by a Bill, or otherwise, as they shall think fit

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for a Corn-Market, to be within the said City, near the River of Thames: And that Sir Robert Mar sham and Mr. Freeman do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill to naturalize William lower, Wil- Lower's, &c. Ham Darnell, and Peter Godby, was read the Third time. Nat* Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize William Lower, William Darnell, and Peter Godby.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

CarcafTo- A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and met's, &c. Mr. Meredith:

Nat. Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Francis de Car and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ways and The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-M-eans. solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Corwper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Carper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 8* die Martii;

11* Gulielmi Tertii.

Pray e rs.

Ship Charles. A BIL L for the Ship Charles Fly-Boat, of Exeter, to T\,trade as a free Ship, was read a Second time. Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Fortescue, Sir Robert Eden, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. , Mr. Yates, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr Crane, Mr Mr. Mr.

Mounstevens, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cox, Sir Tho. Day, Mr. TredenhaSir Rich. Cocks, Mr. Clark,

Mr. Bofcawen, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Blofeild; and all that serve for the County of Devon: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

34

An ingrossed Bill to enable Edward Price Esquire to Price's transfer a Charge of One thousand Pounds, for the Use ""* of his younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the Counties of Hereford and Radnor, of better Value, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Edward Price Esquire to transfer a Charge of One thousand Pounds, for the Use of his younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the Counties of Hereford and Radnor, of better Value.

Ordered, That Mr. Price do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Ayreand whom the Bill to make the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in CalderNavi-the County of York, navigable, was committed, be made gation-upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Hamborough whom the Petition relating to the Hamborough Company Company, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon this Day Sevennight.

A Bill for opening the ancient Roynes and Watercourses Sedgmore in Sedgmore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the Drainage, said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Hoar, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Clark, Mr. Sir Tho.

Day, Sir Rich. Onslow, Mr. Rowney, Mr. Duke, Mr.

Crane, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Philips, Sir Fran.

Windham, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hunt, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Blofeild, Serjeant Coward, Sir Tho. Travell, Colonel Kirkby, and all that serve for the Counties of Dorset, and Somerset:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

A Petition of Ann Kaworth, Widow of Captain George Arm, Kaworth, deceased, was presented to the House, and Arrears, read; setting forth, That her said Husband was Captain in Colonel Fardinando Hastings' Regiment of Foot, till the time of his Death; for which Service a great deal of

Pay

Army

Arrears.

Half* pay Officers.

Elections — preventing Irregularity in Returns.

Officers

Sin the

11 w. III.

8° — 90

Pay was due to the Petitioner's Husband; but neither he, nor the Petitioner, ever could get the fame, nor any Part of his Subsistence-uioney; nor can (he bring the said Colonel to an Account: so that the Petitioner, thereby, is reduced to very low Circumstances, and mult have perished if Ihe had not been relieved by the Charity of her Friends: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration. of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

A Petition of the Commission-Officers of the several Regiments disbanded last Year was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That they have spent the best Part of their Time and Fortunes in the late War, for the Service of the Nation; and many of them, having Families to maintain, and nothing but their Pay for their Support, are reduced to great Straits, since their Dif-banding: And praying the House to take their Condition into Consideration, and afford them such Aid and Subsistence, for the Support of themselves and Families, as shall be thought meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Earl of do, upon Thurs-

day Morning next, lay before this House a List of the Names of the Officers disbanded the last Year, or to be disbanded this Year, according to the Establishment.

An ingrossed Bill for preventing irregular Proceedings of the Sheriffs, and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament.

Ordered, That Mr. Clark do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir John Bolles, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill to restrain the Number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

182.

141.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the Yea, ^-. }

Tellers for the }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Sir Russian Richard Holford: Trade.

Mr. Speaker.

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to inlarge the Trade to Russia, with l'ome Amendments:

To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill brought in upon rthe Petition East India of the Governor and Company of Merchants of London Company, trading to the East Indies be read Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Elections — ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole qua*‘fying House, to consider of the Bill for qualifying Members otes‘ to lit in Parliament; and further regulating Elections.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Poor Law*, whom it was referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and letting them on Work, be taken into Consideration upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committees.

And then the House adjourned until Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 9* die Mart; it® Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

'JT'HEOPHILUS Duchefne, Reoixit Van Naerssen, and Isaac Francis Petitt, took the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturalization.

Sir Henry Goodrick, according to Order, presented to Ordnance the House an Estimate of the Charge of the Office of his Estimate. Majesty's Ordnance, for Land-Service, for the Year 1699.

And the Title thereof was read.

The Estimate is as followeth; viz.

Allowances and Wages to the Master-General, Principal Officers, Store-keepers, Engineers, Clerks, Labourers, Gunners, Fire-masters, Fire-workers, Bombardeers, &c. daily attendant and employed, in the Office, at the Tower, Berwick, Carlisle, Chatham, Chester, Gravesend,) Greenwich, Guernsey, Hull, Jersey, Kinfale, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Sheerness, Tilbury, I Tinmoth, Upnor-Castle, and Windsor - - -J

Rents of Houses for Officers, Governors, Clerks, Labourers, &c. and of Storehouses ini Goodman's-fields, Plymouth, Portsmouth, Kinfale, &c. -J

Repairing Platforms; which are very defective at most of the Ports, C-aftles, and Garisons,)

in England - - - - -J

Charge of Standing Carriages, &c. and repairing the Defects of Carriages, at the said Forts,| Cattles, and Garisons ——

Rebuilding Houses, and repairing the Barracks, Bridges, Gates, &c. at Forts, Castles, and Garisons ——

Fumishing Bedsteads, Beds, and Sheets, for the Barracks at the Forts, Castles, and Garisons,' supposing but 4,000 Men to be quartered therein Expence of Ladles, Sponges, Match, petty Emptions, and other Gunners Stores; and' Flags, at the Forts, Castles,'and Garisons -

Transporting Stores to and from the said Forts, Castles, and Garisons, for fumishing them and bringing away such as are defective and unserviceable, or otherwise - -

Incident Charges of the Office; and for Engineers to survey, and make Draughts, and Estimates, for necessary Repairs; and for Clerks, Labourers, &c. to take Remains of Stores, either for delivering them into the Custody of a new Officer, or otherwise; at the said Forts, Castles, and Garisons ——

Ammunition for Duty and Exercise of Foot and Horse -

Vol. XII.

£. s. d. i9>!33 7 6

707 ——

6.000 ——

3.000 ——

9.000 ——

8.000 — —

3.000 ——

1,5*0 ——

4.000 ——

750 - — Repairing

Andrews'

Estate.

Ve fey's Estate.

Russian

Trade.

Duty on Leather.

Duty on Glafg.

gijd 9 ° Marti A. 1698;

Repairing of Arms returned, and to be returned, from the forces ktrCady, and to be; dif-Y .__________

banded - - - - .- - - - - -j '

Keepiqg clean, and repairing, Arms, Armour, aild other Stores - - " - - 3,000 ——

Wharfs, Breakers, &c. for the Defence and Security of the FortificAtions tft Sheemefe, Hull, Y 2 00Q_

&c. - - - _ - - - - . - '

Charge of Engineers* Store-keepers, and Gunners, at Jamaica, New-York, and Newfound-1 g

land - - r\. - . - . - -J

The Charge of 500 Tons of Salt-petre, which was always reckoned necessary to be in Store, 22 Q __

of which there is now none; at 45 I. per Tun ----- - - -/

Total - - £. 87,585--

MSBBHBaHBBBSSS

H. Goodrick, fVm. Meester, Wm. Boulter,

Ja. Lowther, Jo.Charleton, C.

_f f f

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Estimate be referred to the Committee of the whole House; who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty

Sir Charles Barrington reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for Sale of the Manor of Dcra tiham, in the County of Essex, the Estate of Sir Francis;

and for buying and settling other Lands, to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined and considered the fame, and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the iloufe; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

s

A Bill to enable Dudley V, an Infant, to fell hi Estate in Hintlesham, in the County of Suffolk, for the Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill for enlarging the Trade to Russia:

And the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

At the End of the Bill, add Clause, marked A; viz.

That the Commissioners of the Customs shall, at every Session of Parliament, lay before both Houses a true Account, in Writing, under their Hands, of what Naval Stores have been imported into this Kingdom, by any Persons trading to Russia:

The said Amendment, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

A Petition of the Tanners, Shoemakers, Curriers, Glovers, Leather-dressers, Whit-tawers, Sadlers, and other Artificers in Leather, within the ancient Town and Borough of Altraick, in the County of Northumberland, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the late great Duties laid upon Leather, most of the Petitioners have been ruined, and forced to give over their Trades; and, if the same should be continued, it will, in all Probability, tend to the Impoverishment of the rest, and their Families: And praying the House, by some Ways and Means, to redress the Petitioners Grievances.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Matters and poor working Glass-makers, in and about the Town of Newcastle upon Tyne, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the House, taking off Half the Duty upon Glass, encouraged the Petitioners to carry on their Employments; and yet they have scarce been able to get Bread thereby,

for their Families, by reason of the remaining Duty, and the great Encouragement the said Manufacture has in Scotland, and other foreign Countries; by being supplied with Wood, Afties, and Clay, from England, they will be enabled not only to furnish foreign Markets, and undersell the Petitioners, but also to import Glass into this Kingdom, to the Ruin of the Petitioners, and Extirpation of the said Manufacture: And praying. That the remaining Duty upon Glass may be taken off, for the Petitioners Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several poor labouring Artificers in the Glass Manufacture, in and about the City of London, is referred.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Burglary, or House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops or Warehouses, is committed, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Peter Moudet, in the behalf of himself, and Teveral others, Merchants and Tradesmen, who have trusted several Sums to several Officers of the Earl of Portland's Regiment, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Debts were put off to be paid at the Clearing of the said Regiment, which, in time, is near to be paid off; and if Mr. Vanderess, the Paymaster of the Dutch Forces, is not ordered to satisfy the Petitioners before the Money falls into tire Officers Hands, or if the Payment should be made beyond Sea, the Petitioners fear they shall lose their just Debts: And praying the Relief of the House in the Premises; the Petitioners having fought it at the Horse-Guards, of the General Officers there, but have had no Relief therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of John Armstrong, Edmund Marshall, and Alexander Bease, in behalf of themselves, and others. Troopers, reduced out of his Majestys Regiment of Horse, commanded by the Honourable Brigadier Francis Langston, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, when they were reduced, their Horses, which they brought into the Service, were detained from them, contrary to the King's Order; and though they never had any Horse from their Officers, yet they stopped, out of their Subsistence-Money, Six Stivers a Day per Man, for Mounting-Money, during the Campaigns in 1693, 94, 95, and 1696; 25. io</. out of every 205. for Returns; and many other great Deductions; amounting to 8 or 10/. a Man, per Annum', which have brought the Petitioners to a very low and miserable Condition: And praying, That the House will relieve them in their N.eceffities, and just Complaints.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of John Carcassomet, and bthers, was read the First time.

Resolved,

Apprehend-

ing Felons.

Army

Arrears.

Ditto.

Carcaflo-mett's, Ac. Nat.

<) 6 Marlii.

Y vner's Cri aitors.

lamenting Vicarages.

Trent

Navigation.

11 W. III.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Seecftfl time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, Intituled, An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Knight

and Baronet, deceased, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir John Thorold, Sir John Comcay, Sir Cha. Mr.

Mitchell, Sir William Villers, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Theoph. Ogkthorp, Mr. Gourdon, Sir Edw. Seymour, Mr. How, Mr. Cook, Mr. Foster, Mr.

Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Moor, Sir Rich. Cocks, Sir Robert

Davers, Sir Hen. Pickering, Mr. Bulkliy, Sir William Drake, Mr. Pern/, Mr. Heceningh Sir Robert Clayton,

Mr. Poultney, Sir Wm.Cowper, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Sir Win Hustler, Mr. Palmes, Sir Edw. Emly, Mr. Clark, Mr. Brotherton, Dr. Dacenant, Sir Edw. Hussey, Mr. Chofmly, Mr. Selicyn, Mr. Car, Sir Mr.

hagh, Mr. Vane, Mr. Harvey, Mr. And they

are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Onslow reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for settling Augmentations oh feme ftrmll Vicar- ages, for ever, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, greed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be logrolled.

A Bill for making the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Pagitt,

Sir Abatruptts Danby, Mr. Diott, Sir Cha.

Mr. Heveningham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Buddy, Mr. borne. Sir Rich.Farrington, Mr. Vernon, Sir Ja. Houb-lon, Mr. Bertie, Mr. England, Sir Jof. Tredenham, Mr. Tredenham, Mr, Tkomhagh-, Site Richard Cocks, Mr. Cowper, Sir Edward Hussey, Mr. Sir John Botles, Sir

Row. Gtiyn, Mr. Vaughan, Mr. Philips, Mr. Foley, Mr. Varney, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Gym, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Yates, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Mr, Brotherton, Mr. Gordon, Mr* Carter, Sir Robert Eden; and all that serve for the Counties of Leicester, Derby, Stafford, and Warwick:And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Fight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

tary Fundi.

Deficiency of A Petition of several Persons, unto whom is now due Parliament great Sums of Money, upon the Credit of an Act for granting to his Majesty certain Duties upon Malt, Mum, Sweets, Cyder, and Perry, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth,..... the said Duties were granted to his Majesty, from the 2otft of April r6g?, to the 20th of July 1699, with a Power for arty Persons to con-1-tribute towards the advancing the Sum of 1,400,000l.; and in case the said Duties should prove so deficient, as tout the feme, with the Monies brought into the Exchequer, before the 20th of 1698, fhoidd not amount to the Sum of 800,0001, then the Deficiency should be made good, and suppfied, out of the First Aids to be granted in Parliament* after the said 20th of April 1698: That, on the said 20th of April 1698, the said Duties, so granted, produced into the Exchequer no more than the Sum of 343,904/. 16 s. gd.; fa that the Sum of 4.56,095/I 3-. 2,d. was then deficient: And praying That the House will provide for the Deficiency, of the said 80,000 /. according to the said Act.

Refphed, That the said Petition be referred to the Con*-(ideratioA of the Committee of the whole House, for granting the Supply to his Majesty; and to whom the Vo j» XII.

557

Cousideration Of the Deficiency of P'.il'Vrtimentary Funds, for which no Provision is made, Is referred.

Ordered, That be added to the Committee, Penne'* to whom the ingross'ed Bill, from the Lords, for enabling *-llate-George Penne Esquire to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned* is committed.

Mr. Cowper, according to Order, reported, from the Waysaud Committee of the whole House, to whom it was te- Meana. ferrfed to consider 6f Ways and Means for raising the

Supply grahted to his Majesty* the Resolutions which

they had directed hhh to report to the House; which lie

read in his Place j tfod afterwards delivered in at the '

Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as

follow; dii.

Refbtoed, That it $fc the Opinion of this Committee That for the dHbaiYdibg the Army, providing for the Fleet, and other necelTftly Oecafiorts, An Aid be granted to his Majesty, to be laid Upon all Lands, Tenements, and Hereditaments-, for One Year.

Resolved, That it te toe Opihioo of this Committee That an Aid be granted to his Majesty, to be laid upon all Penfions, Offices, and pferfonal Estates Whatsoever, for One Yeah. . > -

RefblvCd, ThAt It te life Opinion of this Committee,

That the fekl Aids be a Sum hot exceeding Three Shillings in the Pound, of the yearly Valiie bf all such Lands;

Tenements, Hereditaments, Penfions; Offices, and personal Estates, to be rated, and levied, according to thd Proportions laid upon the several Counties, Cities, Towns, and Places, by an Act of the last Session of Parliament, intituled, An Act for granting to his Majesty the" Sum of 1,484,015/. is. 1 Hd.for disbanding Forces, paying Seamen, and other Uses therein mentioned.

The feid ftesolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto- by the Hbofe.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought ih upon the said Rh-solutions: And that Mr. Sollicitor-Gerieral, Mr. y

Mr. Cowper and Mr. Lowndes, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the lfsTavy do say Earl Orford't before this House the contingent Account of Admiral Account. Russell, now Earl of Orford; and what passed between the said Earl and the said Commissioners of the Navy, in relation to the said Account.

The Bill brought in upon the Petition of the Governor East India and Company of Merchants trading to the East Indies ConiPan-y' was, according to Order, read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put that the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Thomas Cook,

Bi'otherton:

} *39-

} Mg.

Tellers for the Yeas,3

Tellers for the Noes /Lord

idlers for the Noes,|Sir

So it passed iti the Negative.

Then a Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Bill be rejected;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

the YeM-,{5fj; }

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Rejobbed, That thte House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve' itself into a Committee of the whole House) to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

7 C Ordered,

140.

ti

Supply.

Committees.

Duty on Glaiis.

J oats' Estate.

Monc all's Nat.

Nat.

Methwold's

Estate.

Ship Charles.

Fetme's

-Imitate.

558 9® — 10* Martii A. 1698.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 10° die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii, Anno Domini 1698.

Prayers.

'v

A PETITION of the Proprietors, Workmen, and Artificers, in the Glal's Manufacture of Lynn Regis, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Duty laid on Glass-wares hath lessened the Consumption, and made the Petitioners unable to carry on their Trade as formerly; they not having Six Months Work since the Commencement of the Duly: And praying the said Duly may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several poor labouring Artificers in the Glafe Manufacture, in and about the City of London, is referred.

Mr. Cox, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for vesting the Estate late of Charles Jones Esquire, deceased, in the Trustees, to be conveyed to Roynon Jones, Son of the said Charles Jones, and William Essington, and Anne his Wife, Grand-daughter of the said Charles Jones, pursuant to Agreements made between them for that Purpose: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read To-morrowMorning.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Mark Antony de Moncall, was

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to naturalize Richard Legg: And that Major Morgan do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill for vesting Part of the Estate of Thomas wold Esquire in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 1,200l. expended in the Improvement of the Estate, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Harvey, Mr Spencer, Sir Richard Onsloice, Mr. Yates, Mr. Cook, Nlv.fvestbrooke, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Hoare, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Mr. Kent, Sir William Mr. Hughes,

Sir Justin. Isham, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. , Mr. Stringer, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Robert Dovers, Mr. Dyot, Sir John Cope, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Harley, Mr. Tregcagle, Mr. Thur-land, Mr. Ash, Mr. Hunt, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Cox, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Knight, Mr. Freeke, Sir Jacob ley, Mr -.Pye, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Bromley: And they are

to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Fortescue reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill for the Ship Charles Fly-Boat, of trade

as a free Ship, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and made feme Amendments thereunto, winch they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for enabling George Penne Esquire to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes, therein mentioned,

17

was committed. That they had examined and considered the fame, and heard Matthew Page upon his Petition referred to the said Committee; and had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Takxle: Where the iame were once read: and are as follow; viz.

. . " Provided also, and be it further Enacted " That this Act, or any thing therein contained, shall " not extend to prejudice any Bight, Title, or Demand,

" in Law or Equity, that the said Dalby Thomas Gentleman, his Executors or Assigns, hath, or may have,

" to any Part of the Lands by this Act intended to be " fold, by virtue of a Tripartite Indenture, bearing Date " the 2d Day of December 1689."

. . " Provided also, and be it further Enacted, That " this Act, nor any thing therein contained, shall not " extend to prejudice any llight, Title, or Demand, in " Law or Equity, that Matthew Page Gentleman, his Executors or Assigns, hath or may have, to any Part " of the Lands by this Act intended to be loid."

The laid Amendments being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Petition of Zenobiah Hough was presented to the Hough'* House, and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 168.5,' Estate* Daniel Hough the Petitioner's Husband, did convey a-Messuage and Lands, in Lancaster, to Trustees in Trulb for the Petitioner for Life; Remainder to the Heirs Male of her Body, by the said Daniel, and, for want thereof, to her right Heirs: That the said Daniel, being much in Debt, did, the same Year, absent himself, and hath not been beard of since: That the Petitioner hath no Issue living by the said Daniel; and, therefore, willing to pay his said Debts: And praying Leave to bring in a Bill to fell the said Estate for that Purpose.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr#'

Brotherton do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act RabefDiert, for the Naturalization of Theophilus and

others, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Clarke,

Lord Cornbury, Sir Ja. Hobland, Mr. Johnson, Mr. borne, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Hancock, Mr.

Stringer, Mr. Hobson, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Cartxoright, Sir John Cope, Sir Ja. Baunkee, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Mr.

Crauford, Mr. How, Mr. Ash, Mr. Chaffin, Mr. stevens, Mr. Morgan, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. by, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Hughes, Colonel Godfrey, Mr.

Dore, Mr. Foley, Mr. Pye: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed/ Bill for the Sale of the Manors of Hallwill and Beckett, with their Appurtenances, in the County of El,ate* Devon, being the Lands of John Moor Esquire, by Trustees, for the Payment of the Debts of the said John Moors was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be.

An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Halwill and Becket in the County of Devon, the Estate of John Aloor, for the Payment of Debts.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingossed Bill for the better Improvement of the Woollen Woollen Manufacture, by making the Act, in the 8th and Manufadut*. 9th Years of his Majesty's Reign, to restore the Market of Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and regulate the Fac-

tors there; more effectual; was read the 't hird time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the making more effectual an Act, intituled, An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there.

Ordered,

Earl of Or lord a Account-

n W. III. io" Martii.

Ordered, That Mr. Haw do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Sergison, from the Commissioners of the Navy, presented to the House a Copy of the Right honourable the Earl of OrJord\ Account of Contingencies, as Ad-

miral of his Majesty's Fleet, with the Navy Board's Letter to his' Lordship concerning the lame; and the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty's Order for passing the said Account

And the Title thereof was read: And the said Account is as followeth; viz.

An Account of several Disbursements of Money, froth the 25th December 1691, to October 1692, for the Use of their Majesties Fleet, under my Command; which Sums have been paid out of1 the Five thousand Pounds contingent Money, impressed to me, for the Years 1691 and 1692.

The Right Honourable Admiral Russell Dr.

To contingent Money, impressed for the Service of the Years 1691, and 1692 - - - 5,000 — —

To contingent Money, impressed for the Service of the Fleet, for the Year 1694 - - - 5,000 -

10,000 ----- -;

Rest to Balance - - 8,666 —

£ 18,666 ----- ----- ----- ----- -,

Per Contra Cr.

To cutting the Seals and Screw - - - - -.-* 10 10 — -

To a Boat, for bringing the Clerks, with their Chest, Bedding, and Things for the Sea, to the!

Buoy in the Nore - - - -j

To an Apothecary, for Drugs and Medicaments, for the Sea, for my Use, with same Instru-1

merits - -- -- - -J 0

To Charges, for Coach-hire and Expences, for travelling sundry times from London to Ports-1

mouth and Chatham, from December to April the 26th - - - -j 9° 5 f""

To Money paid Captain Bembo, for Canvas to make Pudden-bags for the Britannia's Company 4 2 6

To careening the Greyhound and Soldadoes - - 36 13 —

To Captain Carter, of the Vanguard, for Necessaries for the Ship's Company - - - 24 11 —

To careening and refitting the Fubbs Yacht - - - - ‘- - 12 — 6

To Captain Tapley, Commander of the Lyon, for Necessaries for the Ship's Company - - . 615 —

To careening the Greyhound and Soldados - -- 38 — ——

To several Commanders, for regulating the Press at London, from the ill of January to the 261 -

April, at Five Pounds per Man ----- ----- -j 1®°

To building a Hearth on board the Wolf, F. P. - - 310 — -

To Money paid for the Use of several Houses at Brixom, to lodge sick Men in - - - 912 —

To several French Refugee Captains, by the King's Order - - - - 400 — — -

To Captain Bembo for Deals, for the Use of the Britannia - - - - 3 10 —

To several Officers and Seamen, for their Pains in getting the Royal Oak off the Rocks at"! - ____

Plymouth, and helping the other Ships of War that were then in Danger -J 5®

To Captain Standly, being Money by him disbursed for repairing the Hearth of the Victory - 415 — -

To several Guernsey Pilots, sent on board by Order of the Lord Nottingham, Secretary of State,"I -

at 12/. per Man ----- ----- -- -J . 21t>

To my Dutch Secretary and Interpreter, for One Year's Salary - - - 300 — —

To Mr. Aufting, for procuring Men for the Britannia, by my Order j which he did to a consider-1 ______

able Number - - - - -J 00

To Mr. Burchett, for One Year's Salary ----- -- - 500 — ——

To Five Clerks, at Sixty Pounds per Man - -- 300 ——

The Disbursements before mentioned commenceth the 25th December 1691, and! r ends in October 1692 - -- -j *>*2»412 *4

To the Stationer for his Bill - - - 50 — —

To several Commanders, for regulating the Press at London, from January to April, at Five"!

Pounds per Man - - - - -j 100

To my travelling Charges to Portsinouth and Chatham, during the Fleet's fitting; as also fori

Coach-hire for the same - -- - -J 100 *"*

To several Exprefies received, and sent, for his Majesty's Service, during the Two Years of 91 ______

and 1692 ----- ----- --- -j 2

To several Commanders of Fire Ships; as also to Officers and Seamen, for their Services at Lai _____

Hogue and Chergbrook - -- - -j

To Fourteen Guernsey Pilots, at 12/. per Man - 168 — —

To cleaning the Greyhound and Saudados, and Three Brigantines, twice each - - - 96 ——

To my Dutch Interpreter and Secretary, for One Year's Salary ----- - 300 ——

To Mr. Burchett, my Secretary, for One Year's Salary - - - - 500 ——

To Five Clerks, at 60/. egeb, for One Year's Service ----- - - 3°° ----- -",

The Disbursements above mentioned commenceth in November 1692, and ends ini r__________

October 1693.....1 3,2

To Money paid for Books, Paper, Wax, Wafers, and [Pens, with other Necessaries, for my") 78 — __«

Secretary's Office - -- -J

To Money paid Twenty Captains, for regulating the Press, at 5/. each - - - - 120 ----- -"

To my travelling Charges to and from London to Chatham, with Coach-hire, during the Fleet's")

fitting out - -- - - -- - "*/

Vol. XII-

io° Mdrtii

6o

.1698,

To Money paid for several Drugs, and other Medicaments, bought at London -

To the Charge of Two Ships I font, with the King's Permission, to Brest and Rocliford, with ad Reward to Persons I sent.in them, for Intelligence - - - -j

To Money paid for fresh Provitiocts at Portsmouth, for the lick Men, when I went to the Straits

To Money paid for cleaning the Larke, at Dartmouth -

To a Messenger that inet me, in a Sytea, from Alicant, with a Pacquet ..

To Money given the Officers, that came from Alicant to Aiiea, with Refreshments for the Fleet To Money given, and Presents made, to the Vice-King of Catalonia, and to the Civil Coverall ment, and their Servants - - - - ►< - - - - ‘J

To Forty-nine Deserters (of the King's Subjects) from the French Army -To three Dispatches I made with Feluccas, from Barcellona to Marcelles and Toaion, with Personsl of Consideration, to gain Intelligence of the Enemy ----- - -J

To a Felucca, that came- to Barcellona, from the Lord Calloway, in Savoy, with Advice oil Enemy's Preparation -

To a Felucca, that came to Allicant, with the King's First Order, dispatched from Italy -To a Sytea, that came from a General of the Gallies, of the Enemy's moving from Toulon To a Sytea, that come from Italy to Malago, with the King's Order to winter with the Fleet at! Cadiz - ----- ----- -- -j

To Thomas, an English Messenger, for his Charges to England -....

To several Expresses, dispatched by the Consul of Allicant ——

To Charges upon the Account of my Sickness on Shore ——

To the Dutch Interpreter and-Secretary, for One Year's Salary ——

To Mr. Burchett, my Seiretery, for One Year's Salary ——

To Five Clerks, af Sixty Pounds per Man ——

To mySpanish ants Italian Secretaries - -

To the Servants of the Captain-General of Andalusia, and the Governor of Cadiz, upon my] returning Visits to them , - - -J

To Money paid Eight Pilots, for the Coast of Catalonia and Provence, being Two Months on] board, at 25/. per Man - - -J

To (ever*! Expresses, that came and went whilst I lay at Barcellona -

The Disbursements afore mentioned commenceth the-26th December 1693, and

27 ——

2,500 -

33 ——

,5 ——

50 ——

40 ——

196 ——

30 ——

600 ——

66---

130 ——

80 ——

17 6

170

100 106 300 ——

320

500 ——

300 ——

300 — —

50 ——

200 — - 120 — —

31th December

mentioned commenceth the 26th December 1693, and] r c ,694 - - -} 1

17 6

'To Money paid fof Books, Paper, Wax, Wafers, and Pens, with other Necessaries, for my] Secretary's Office - - . _ -/

To % Man that I sent to Thoulon ——

To ipprp Money grave the same Man at his Return -

To the Hite of a Sytea, which I feet to Marcelles -

To e Mpn that I sent in the same Sytea ——

To a Myn I sent so Mwoettea and Tholon, which brought me the Draughts of those Places To a Man at Cadi*, who weekly procured me Intelligence from Brett, Rochford, Lisbon, Thoulon,"I apd Paris - - r - - - -j

To Money paid the Genful at Cadiz, being what he had disbursed during the Fleet's being in the Mediterranean, for several Expresses, Postage of Paquets, Boat-hire for bringing several Pa-quets, at. times, on board the Britannia, -Island of Leons, and Port-Royal; with several other contingent Chargee, wiboli cannot be brought under any one Head; as also for piloting Eight Men of War about Pointall Castle, at the Fleet's first coming in - -

To Mon$y paid the Confel of Allicant, being what he had dimurfed, at times, for Expresses A sent so barcellona, Dina, Carthergena, and Cadiz; Three Dispatches sent to all small Towns near Allicant, to flop Seamen that shall be found {haggling from the Fleet, and keep the Mole- \ gates open while the Fleet was. there; as aWo the Hire of Two Feluccas, sent with Expresses, one for Malaga, and the other for Cadi? - J

To Money paid the Consul of Mayorke, being what he had disbursed for Two Persons, at several times, ljent to France for Intelligence, by my- Order; the Hire of a Felucca to carry them thither ;x as also feed the Advice to AlUcant; and paid a Pilot, which. ordered on board

60 ——

100 —

100 ——

200 ——

300 ——

400 ——

600 — —

55* *4 5

417 *3 —

500 ——

the Portsmouth

To Money paid lh$ Chofol and Paotner of Barcellona, being what they disbursed for the Service, fmee the Fleet's being in the Mediterranean; for several Expresses lent to Madrid, Allicant,

received from Goaoway, One to the Tqrkey Elect at Ahagues, Three Feluccas, and One Propio, dispatched to the Fleet, at times, when at Palamos; for the Postage of several Pacquets to and from Madrid> taa Felucca, maintained for the Service of the Fleet, in the Year 1695; piloting the Grafton to Alfaques; gave to People employed to see the River clear of Hemp, in order to the Fleet's watering ——

Ta the Hire of a Tartane, for-Six Months, at 200 Dollars per Month, with 12 Dollars and an Hal£ to buy Ammunition -

Ta Money reimbupfed several Officers, that were sent on Shore upon the King's Business, at'

. several tipies ----- ----- --- -/

Ta Money gave-to Persons on the Island of Sardina, during the Fleet's watering the re, for] Damage donq thpm by Seamen and Soldiers ——

To Money gave a Felucca, which I sent from Blanes to the Island of Heirs, to gain Intelligence 1 of the Enemy's Motion - -- -J

To Money gave several MaqheHets, during my being in the Road of Palamos, who brought me! frequent Intelligence of the French Army's Motion ----- - -J

Ta Money gave to Six Pilots, for the Coait of Catalonia and Provence, for Six Months, at Sixty!

Pounds each - -

To my Dutch Interpreter and Secretary, for One Year's Salary -

552 *2 4.

333 8 9

15 6 -

120 ——

60 ——

80 ——

360 — f —

320 ——

To

.11 W. III. io® — 11® Martii.

To my Spanish and Italian Secretary ——

To mv Five Clerks, Sixty Pounds each -

To a Man employed on secret Service ——

To ditto ——

To several Services, performed by an English Merchant, during the time his Majesty's Fleet was in the Straits; given him a finall Prize-ship, valued at 60®/. -

561

£ s. d.

300-----

300 -

100 -

50 -

600 ——

The Disbursements above-mentioned, with what is brought over from the other Sides, is,"!

for the Service of his Majesty's Fleet, commencing the ill of January 1694-, and ends? 6,561 8 6

in October 1695 - -- --.....-J

By Money disbursed for the Service of the Fleet, commencing the 25th December 1691, and ends'! . 1A

in October 1692, as per Fol. 2. - - - -..... j 2,412 14 —

By Money disbursed for the Service of the Fleet, commencing in November 1692, and ends in'! __

October 1693, as per Folio 3. - -- - -J^'

By Money disbursed for the Service of the Fleet, commencing 26 December 93, and ends 31 thl g jy g December 1694, as per Fol. N. 5. - - - -J y

By Money disbursed for the Service of the Fleet, commencing ill January 1694, and ends ini 0 g

October 1695, as per Fol. 8. ----- ----- -J

This Account received, with the Admiralty's £. 18,666 ——

Order of the 25th February 1695.

R. H. C. S. E Russell.

Sir,

WE have received your Account of Disbursements, as Admiral of his Majesty's Fleet, for the Years 1691, 1692, 1694, and 1695, amounting in the Whole to the Sum of Seventeen thousand Six hundred Sixty-Six Pounds: But, no Vouchers coming to us therewith, excepting Two, One for Four hundred Pounds paid the French Refugees, in the Year 1691, and the other for Two thousand Pounds, for Contingencies, for the Year 1694, being his Majesty's Order for the fame; and Orders being likewise wanting to authorize the Allowance of most of the other considerable Sums contained therein; we cannot, by the Rules of the Navy, pals the said Account; and therefore take Leave to return it to you again, with his Majesty's Warrants afore-mentioned, that such other Measures may be taken therein as you shall judge convenient; remaining,

14th January Sir, your very humble Servants. 1695. R.H. C.S. J.S.

To Admiral Russell.

Admiralty-Office, 25th February 1694.. Gentlemen,

IN pursuance of his Majesty's Pleasure, signified to this Board, under his Signet, and Sign Manual, dated the 16th of January last. We do hereby desire and direct you, forthwith to cause the annexed Account of Dif-burleinents of the Right Honourable Edward Russell Esquire, for the contingent Charges of the Fleet under his Command, to be allowed of, and passed. We are < Your Affectionate Friends,

Robert > R. Rich.

Account received with this Order, the 26th February 1695, amounted to 18,666/. subscribed by Mr. Russell.

R.H. J.S. C.S.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the State of the Navy.

B|ning»«ate Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ilh ar et. wjlom flle g;jj for making Billingsgate a free Market, for Sale of Fish, was committed, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Claims of Mr. Hoblyn acquainted the House, That the Com-

Priics mittee, to w hom the Petitions touching the Commissioners of Prizes were referred, had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when

the House will plcale to receive the same.

Vol. XII.

Ordered, That the Report be made on Wednesday Morning next.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- State of the solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Navy, consider furtlter of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, and nothing to intervene, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Hqufe, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committees.

And then the House adjourned till To-morrot*

Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 11* die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

A PETITION of the Inhabitants Farrington

Eaton, Hastings, and Burscott, in the County of Roads. Berks, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth *

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Mr.

Pye and Mr. Freeke do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of Robert Aldworth, of Wanting, in the a Id worth's County of Berks, Gentleman, and Anne his Wife, was Estate. presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Mr. Aldworth, upon his Inter-marriage with the said Anne, did settle certain Lands, near Wanting aforesaid, upon himself, for Life; and afterwards to the said , for Life; and, after the Decease of the Survivor, to their Heirs Males for ever: That, by l'undry unavoidable Accidents and Misfortunes, the Petitioner having contracted feme Debts, and being unable to pay the same by reason of the Settlement: And praying, That Leave may be given to bring in a Bill for felling the said Estate; and that the Money arising thereby may be applied to pay. oft the said Debts; and, it a Remainder, towards the Purchasing of another Estate, to be settled to the same Uses.

7 D

11* Mdrt

Verey'*

Estate.

A. 1698.

Ordered, Thai Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And thal Mr. Bertie and Mr. Roomy do prepare, and bring in, the Bilk

A BiH to enable Dudley Vesey, an Infant, to fell his Estate in Hintksham, in the County of Suffolk, for the

Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill bfe committed to Lord Com-lury, Mr. Hughes, Sir Samuel Barnccrdiston, Mr. For-tefcue, Mr. Hays, Mr. Stringer, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Phillips, Sir Walter Young, Mr. England, Sir William John foil, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Johnson, Mr. Hail-cock, Mr. Gourdon, Mr. Leuis Mr. Yates, Mr.

Mr. Batmrdiston, Major Morgan, Mr. Campion, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Foley, Sir Cha. Turner, Mr. Bullock, Mr. Freke, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Chetuynd, Mr. Ashurst, Sir Francis Blaake; and all the Members for the Counties of Norfolk and Suffolk: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

mains considerable Sutps of Money due to them; for want whefeof, many of them have been ruined, and the rest very great Sufferers; And praying the Consideration of the Hoofe, and Belief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are to consider further of thfe Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

An ingrossed Bill, That the Ship Charles Fly-Boat^ of Ship Charles. Exeter, may trade as a free Ship, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the Ship Charles Fly-Boat, of Exeter, to trade as a free Ship.

Ordered, That Mr. Fortescue do crrry the Bill to the Lords, and desire Iheir Concurrence thereunto.

Major Morgan, according to Order, presented to the begg'e Nat. House a Bill to naturalize Richard Lcgg: And the tame was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Rabesniers, Ordered, That the Lord Hartington be added to the ke. Nat. Committee, to whom the Bill for the Naturalization of Theophilus Rabefniers, and others, was committed.

Irift Arrears. A Petition of Jacob Smith, and others, the Soldiers under the Command of the late Colonel Robert Byerly and Colonel Hugh Windham, in the Reducing of,

was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Report from the Commissioners of the publick Accounts having, on the 13th of March 97, been read in the House, in relation to a Petition against the said Colonel Byerly and Colonel Windham, for Arrears due to the Petitioners, in the Reducing of Ireland; wherein it did appear they had received 11,000l. towards the clearing the said Regiments; and also, that there was due to the Petitioners 25 /. 12 s. per Man: And praying Satisfaction for their said Service, the said Colonel Windham having converted the Money above said to his own Use.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the (hid Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coote Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Commitees be revived.

Transport A Petition of Samuel Bridgman, and others, on behalf H*bt. of themselves, and others, Owners and Malters of Ships belonging to the Port of King's Lynn in Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That his Majesty s Commissioners for the Transport-Service, in or about the Year 1693, did contract with the Petitioners fur employing them, their Ships and Servants, in his Majesty's Service, and were to pay them w ithin One Month after they were discharged, or Inter eft for their Money till the Time of Payment: That they accordingly served his Majesty; end have divers Sums of ' Money due therefore; for w ant whereof they are very much reduced: And praying feme Course may be taken for discharging their said Debts.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ditto. A Petition of John and others, in the Name

of themselves, and several others, Masters and Owners of Ships belonging to the Port of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in or before the Year 1693, did contract with his Majesty's Transport Commissioners, to be employed, with themselves, and Ships, in his Majesty's Service; by which Contraft the Petitioners were to be paid within One Month after discharged, or allowed Interest till Receipt of their respective Debts: That they were accordingly employed in such Service; and there r»>

15

A Bill for veiling the Estate late of Charles Jones Ef- Jones'Estate. quire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Roynon Jones, Son of the said Charles Jones, and William Essing-ton, and Anne his Wife, Grand-daughter of the said Charles Jones, pursuant to the Agreements made between them for that Purpose, was read the First time.

Refoked, That the Bill he read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Ixave be given to bring in a Bill to Children of naturalize all Persons horn of English Parents: And that ^ngl'iji Fa‘ Mr. How and Mr. Conyers do prepare, and bring in, the r*ut* at* Bill.

A Petition of the several Troopers, both of Colonel Army Rechterens and Count Steenbock's Regiments of Horse, Arrears, disbanded the 5th of December 1697, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, since the lull Sessions, the Petitioners have addressed themselves to the Court Martial at the Hors-Guards, for their Arrears; but have received no Relief: And praying, That Mr.

Jacob Vandemess, who hath Money l'ufficient in his Hands, may be compelled to account with, and pay the Petitioners their just Arrears.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coote's Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof, and report the fame, with their Opinion therein to the House.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Drake, Mr. Shack- Vyner'* erly, Mr. Mostyn, be added to the Committee, to whom Creditors, the Bill for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Vyner Knight and Baronet, deceased, was committed,

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the Supply Bill; House a Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Land Tax. million Four hundred eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three-farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions: And the same was received; and read the First time.

And a Motion being made, and tire Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Monday next, at Ten a Clock j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas JSir Rowland

iellers for the *eas,|Mr DowdJwell

Tellers for the Noes /^r* Hcceningh

iellers for the INoes,^fr Freeman:

So it passed in the Negative.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Petition

Army

Arrears.

Half-Pay

Officers.

J i W.UT. r

A Petition of several of the General Officers of the Army, in behalf of themselves, and the rest of the Officers of the Army, was preferred to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did appear very early in the Cause of their Country; and Contributed, upon his Majesty's Landing, to refeue the Nation from Popery and arbitrary Power, through great Difficulties, and at the Expenc^ of their Youth and Bloqd, and the Impairing of their Fortunes; notwithstanding which Services, those that have been belt paid, have an Arrear due ever since die ift of April 1692, and mhny since the ift of Septemb'cf 1689; That several of the Payments have been in l'uch Tallies as they were obliged to discount at very great Loss, some at 20 and 30, and others at 40 and 50, per Cent.: That there is several Months. Subsistence due to them the last Year of the War in besides

Forage-mdriey, and their Pay, ®Geftend-Offker8, for the Year 1697; all which, with the Clearings of the Year 1692, were voted by the then House of Commons to be paid the Petitioners last Year; but has not as yet been complied with; which hath otcaffiobed them to contract many Debts: That they are the Only Officers in Europe, who were engaged in the War, tilth: are upaid, and left a Prey to their Creditors; from whom their military Employments give them no Prose&ion: And praying the House will not let them be exposed for those Debts, which they contrafted in the Service of their Country; but that they may receive their Arrearfe; arid reap the Benefit of the Peace, as well as their Fellow-Subjects; the General Officers, for themselves, hoping, that a Provision will be made for their Entertainment as such, to the Time they shall have Notice they are to continue in Pay no longer; and that those of them who shall have such Notice, may receive a proportionable Kecom-pence with the rest of the Officers of the Army that are, and shall be, disbanded.

Ordered, lliat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whote House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

The Earl of Ranelagh, according to Ordef, presented to the House a Warrant for Half-Pay to the Officers of Colonel Windsor's, Colonel 3, the Earl of Den-

bigh's, and Colonel Leigh's, late Regiments: And,

An Establishment of Half-Pay for the Eight Regiments of Foot, and Two Independent Companies: Ana,

A Warrant for HalflPay for the difbdftded Chaplains of Colonel Seymour\ Morddnt's, and Coil's Regimen's:

Arid,

A Lift of the Officers of the late Army disbanded, or to be disbanded, with their Half-Pay: And,

An Abstract of the feveril Establishments and Lists of Half-Pay to Officers difbarided, and tope disbanded.

And the Titles of them were read:

And the Warrants, Establishment, Lift, and Abstract, are as follow; vip.

William R.

WHEREAS Our Regirrierits of Horse commanded by Colonel Thimias Windsor, arid Colonel Harvey,

and Our Regiments of Dragoons commanded by Colonel Edward Leigh, and the Earl of Denbigh, have been lately disbanded: And We being graciously pleased to allow Half-Pay tri the Officers of Our ("aid Regiments, for their Support, until they shall be fully paid off and cleared, and be otherwise provided for; Our Will and Pleasure is, That, out of such Monies as are or shall come to your Hands, for the Ule oif our Forces, you pay unto the several Officers of oar flxid Rtegiments the respective Allowances nfcntiolied in the L|ft and Establishment hereunto annexed, being thfe Half-Pay of themselves and Servants, respeQJvely; to commence from the 1 ft Day of January last; and to be paid unto then! by weekly or monthly Payments, in like nianner as our Army is fub-ftfted; and upon monthly Certificates from Our Commissary-General (a) [or Depiltv Commissary General] of the Musters, rif their being alive, and qualified as aforementioned; And, for so doing. This, with the Acquittances of the said Officers, or of their Assigns, shall be, from time so time, your sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Given at Our Court at Kensington, this 23d Day of February 1691, in the Tenth Year of Our Reign.

By his Majesty's Command,

Cha.

J. South,

Tho. Littleton,

T. Pelham.

To Our Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved Coulin and Counsellor Richard Earl of Ranelagh,. Paymaster-General of our Forces.

{a) Supplied from the Copy which was presented to the House.

Vo 1. XII.

William

s^ooqic

p

CQ'

n'

CD

a

CD

o

eg

?r

William R.

LIST and Establishment of HALF-PAY for the Officers of Colonel Windsor's, and Colonel Harvey's, Regiments of Horse, and Colonel Leigh's, and the Earl of Denbigh's, Regiments

of Dragoons, hereunder named, to commence from the lft Day of January 169^-.

Colonel WINDSOR'S Regiment of Horse.

CAPTAINS,

Colonel, as Colonel and Captain For (f Servants, at 15 each

per Diem.

£. s. d.

- — 13 — ]

-"76/

Lieutenant-Colonel Win. Culliford,j

as Lieutenant-Colonel and Cap- > — 11 — " tain . ... -J

For 3 Servants, each 1 - — 3 9.

Major Ifeac De la Font, as Major) ______

and Captain -/

For 3 Servants, each 15 d. - - —

Captain William Elwes ——

For 3 Servants, each 1 - —

Captain John Lord Lovelace, ditto -

Captain Samuel Shute, ditto -

9

3

7

3

10

10

9 9j

C' 4 1

g

LIEUTENANTS,

Captain-Lieutenant Nic. Lepet For 2 Servants, 1 each

per Diem. £. s. d.

- r«}

Walop Brabazon -

Edward Clifford -

Thomas Dove

Francis Elliffon -Thomas Gawdy -

- — 76

— 7 6

- 7 6

- 7 6

— 76

£ 2 5

CORNETS.

Andrew Windlbr For 2 Servants

Thomas Leigh

. . Najack

Thomas Newell -

Charles West Thomas Dodsworth

per Diem*

£ s. d - 4 6} — 2 6/

- — 7 —

- — 7 —

- — 7 "

£ 22 —

QUARTER-MASTERS.

. Le Gard, Chaplain* 3s. 41/. per Diem.

David Lawrence For One Servant

Humph. Poole

. . Razonfe

Richard Parks

Philip Evat -John Serjeant

Quarter-matters Cornets -Lieutenants Captains, &c. Chaplain -

Total, per Diem

per Diem. £. 3. d.

— 1 3

4 3

- — 43

4 3

4

4

3

3

1 5 6

2 2 —

2 5 —

4 1 —

— 3 4

£ 9 *6 10

ON

NO

QO

Vol. XII.

Colonel HARVEY's Regiment

CAPTAINS, LIEUTENANTS. CORNETS. QUARTER-MASTERS.

per Diem. per Diem. per Diem. . per Diem.

£. s. d. £. s. d. £ s- d- 1

Colonel, as Colonel and Captain - — 13 o'] Captain-Lieut. Wm. Billingfly — 5 — "I James Butler - - - — 4 61 John Dark - 3 —

For 6 Servants, at 15<f. each - — 7 61 Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas Pow-"l nail, as Lieutenant-Colonel and> — 11 --1 1 For 2 Servants; at 15 each- — 2 6j For 2 Servants - ' — 2 6j! < For One Servant - - - — 1 3

Captain -J; For 3 Servants, at 15 d.each - — 2 9J Major-John Petry, as Major and! T 1 Richard Jflefliyes - - - — 7 6 Francis- Forrester - - - 7 — ' Phabian Phillips - 4 3

Captain - - - -j 9 9 For 3 Servants, each 15 - — 3 9J John Gumbleton - - - — 7 6 John Harvey - - - — 7 — Will. Williams - - - — 4 3 f

Captain Will. Prettyman - -' — 7 — "] For 3 Servants, each - - — 3 9J Ant. Bartlemey - - * — ' 7 6 EdmundSmith - - — 7 — Adam Blair - 4 3

Captain Thomas Stanwix - - — 10 9 Edward Cochran- - - — 7 6 ' Francis Snezon - - - — 7 — Martin Grand prey - 4 3

Captain Charles Dormer - - — 10 9 Henry Townsend - - - — 7 6 John Seagrave - - - — 7 — John Mozett - 43

£.41 — jC* 2 5 Chi £.22 — irlea Pinckney, Chaplain, 35. 4 per Diem. Quarter-mastersJ- - - 156-Cornets ----- 2 2 — Lieutenants - - - - 2 5 — Captains, &c. - - - 41 — Chaplain-- - 3 4

ToTAiyper Diem - - - £ 9 16 10

_UUi

Colpnel, as Colonel and Captain For 6 Servants, at 9 each -"Jl llifeut'enanl-Colonel Ant. Rodney, asl Ii«utenant-C6lottel and Captain } For 3 Servants, at each Afajor John' Corbett, as Major atidl Captain - - - -J

For 3 Servants at gd. each -Captain John Orffeur - For 3 Servants, at gd. d&eh Captain Wm. Coward, ditto -Captain Robert Hedges -Captain Henry Carter -

,_s Captain Edward Goddard

Colonel L EIG H's Regiment of Dragoons-.

Captain-Lieutenant Emutt - — 3 — For 2 Servants, at gd. each - — 16

Benjamin Colenbine

Francis Browne

Gideon Bonivert

Henry Harttis' John Nifcbollba George Walker Henry Powney

- — 40

- — 46

4 6

6' 6 6 6

4

4

4

4

£.1 16 —

Thomas Edwards For 2 Servants

Henry Rodney

Thomas Chetwood

George Phillips -

John Pearson John Uiher Antho. Takenhof -Thomas Hodges -

-^-26

— 1 6

— 4 —

— 4 —

4 —

4 — 4 — 4 — 4 —

£.1 12 —

Charles Johnson, Chaplain, 3s. 4 per Diem.

Ant. Bishop^ - For One Servant -

Edward Orfeare

Robert Cunningham -

Dune. Makenny

Arthur Buckeridge -George Snow -George Newman Richard Searle

Quarter-matters Comets " -Lieutenants -

Captains, &c. Chaplain -

----- ----- -----9

— 2 9-

- — 2 9

- — 29

2

2

2

2

9

9

9

1 2 —

1 K -1 l6 —

3 18 9 — 34

04

Ov

04

Total, per Diem - -

£8 12 1

i rW. III. 11° Martii.

William

The Earl of DENBIGH'S Regiment.

Cn

Os

Os

CAPTAINS, &c.

Colonel, as Colonel and Captain For 6 Servants, at 9 d.

Lieutenant-Colonel Rup. Billingfly, as! Lieu tenant-Colonel and Captain J For 3 Servants, at 9^ each-

For 3 Servants, at 9 d. each.

Captain Thomas Hartop . - For 3 Servants, gd. each -

Captain George Whitmore Captain Richard Creed -Captain Henry Cromwell Captain Samuel Lennard

LIEUTENANTS. CORNETS. QUARTF.R-MASTERS.

per Diem. per Diem. per Diem. pei Diem.

£ 8. d. s. d.: c s. d. £ s. d.

— 131) Capt.-Lieut. Eliakin Stadholme — 3 John Fielding - — 2 61 John Hodgson - - 2 —

— 4 6J For 2 Servants, at 9 d. each — 1 6/ For 2 Servants - - " 1 6/ For One Servant - 9

— 10 — 1 r Edward Nicholls - - - — 4 6 George Jucks . — 4 — Elias Pratt _ _» . 2 9

2 3J 4

1 8 -1 2 3J' Arthur Pepys - - - — 4 6 William Cecill - - — A — Daniel Wayte m m - 2 9

5 61 2 3J Francis Harwood - - - — 4 6 Edward Coopes - - — 4 — Peter de la Rue - - — 2 9

— 7 9 Samson Bredy - - - — 4 6 Henry Chester - — 4 — Win. Hewit - . 2 9

— 7 9 John Creed - - - — 4 6 Barlow Wickam - - — 4 — Christopher Clapham - - — 2 9

— 7 9 Lewis Leftrange - - - — 4 6 Younger Cooke - - — - 4 — John Hilton - - — . 2 9

7 9 Daniel Bonner - - - — 4 6 John Grace - — 4 — Robert Lightfoot - m — 2 9

3 18 9 1 16 — £ 1 12 — Quarter-masters - m 1 2 —

J Cornets - - 1 12 —

Lieutenants . - 1 16 —

Thomas Rose, Chaplain, 3 s. 4 d. per Diem. Captains, &c. - - 3 18 9

Chaplain - - 3 4

Total, per Diem - - -£.812 1

ABSTRACT of the foregoing ESTABLISHMENT.

Colonel Windsor's Regiment of Horse ----- -- per Diem. £ 9 16 10 per Annum. £ d. 3,592 4 2

Colonel Harvey's Regiment ----- ----- 9 16 10 3,592 4 2

Colonel Leigh's Regiment of Dragoons ----- -- 812 1 3,140 10 5

The Earl of Denbigh's Regiment ----- --- 812 1 3, M0 10 5

£ 36 17 10 13,465 9 2

In all, Thirteen thousand Four hundred and Sixty-five Pounds Nine Shillings and Two Pence per Annum.

ii° Martii. 1698.

11 W. III. 11° Martii. 567

William R.

WHEREAS Our Regiments of Foot commanded by Our Right Trusty and Right entirely Beloved Cousin and Counsellor Charles Duke of Bolton, and our Trusty and Well-beloved Colonel Richard Goote, Colonel Thomas Brudenall, Colonel Thomas Saunderson, Major-General Thomas Erie, Colonel John Gibson, Colonel William Northcotc, and Colonel Thomas Farrington, together with the Independent Companies commanded by Lieutenant Colonel Rouse, and Captain John Pitt, have been lately disbanded: And We being graciously pleased to allow Half-Pay to the Officers of Our said Regiments and Companies, for their Support, until they shall be fully paid off and cleared, and be otherwise provided for} Our Will and Pleasure is, That, out of such Monies as are or shall come to your Hands for the Use of Our Forces, you pay unto the several Officers of Our said Regiments and Companies, the respective Allowances mentioned in the Lift and Establishment hereunto annexed, being the Half-Pay of themselves and Servants, respectively; to commence from the iff Day of April next; and to be paid

unto them by monthly or quarterly Payments, upon Certificates from Our Comraissary-General, or Deputy Commissary-General of the Musters, of their being alive, and qualified as afore-mentioned: And, for so doing, This; with the Acquittances of the said Officers, or of their Assigns, shall be, from time to time, your sufficient Warrant and Discharge.

Given at Our Court at Kensington, this 16th of March 169 L in the Tenth of Our lleign.

By His Majesty's Command,

Cha. Montague, Ste. Fox,

Tho. Littleton,

T. Pelham.

To Our Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster-General of Our Forces.

Vol. XII.

Lift

LIST and Establishment of HALF-PAY to the Officers of the Regiments and Independent Companies hereafter mentioned, to commence from the First Day of 1698

regiments.

The Duke of Bolton's

CAPTAINS, *. LIEUTENANTS. ensigns. 00

per Diem. per Diem. per Diem.

r £ Colonel s. d. £ S. d. s. d.

- Capt Lieut. Nich. Robinson 25.1 O A Thomas Westwood is. 6d.\ 1 10

For One Servant - 4d- J 4 For One Servant - — 4 J

Lieut.-Col. Henry Hickman, as Lieu-1

tenant-Colonel and Capt. 7 > — For 3 Servants, at each 1 — J 8 6 Henry Sewell - - - — 2 4 John Skys " ' 1 10

Major John Afpin, as Major'll A

and Captain - - > — For 3 Servants, at each 1 — J 7 6 Jasper Debie - - - — 2 4 Gilbourne Scroop - *" 1 10

Captain Robert Parlons - 4 — 1 For 3 Servants, at each 1 — J 5 — Christopher Robinson - - — 2 4 John Ramsey - 1 10

J Captain Ralph Gore, ditto - - — 5 — Maurice Betsworth - - — 2 4 John Pippin - - 1 10 h-f

Captain Fitz-Maurice Gifford - — 5 — /Thomas Colom - - - — (John Jardin - - - — 2 2 4 4 K 0

Captain Charles Morgan - - — 5 — - John Wilson - - - — 2 4 . Philip Orfeur - - 1 10

Captain Thomas Porter - - — 5 — Leonard Thornton - - — 2 4 Thomas Hewit V. - - 1 10 T

Captain Philip Gery - - - — 5 — Richard Coleman - - — 2 -4 £ Leonard Keeling — 1 10

Captain James Manly - - - — 5 — Thomas Toogood - - — 2 4 William CoOke 1 — 1 10

Captain Thomas Kitfon - - — 5 — Edward Pyle - - - — 2 4 Richard' Legg - — 1 10

Captain Edward Shadwell - - — 5 — Rowland Cochran - - — 2 4 John Applin - - — 1 10

Captain John Powell - - - — 5 — Christopher Harrison - - — 2 4 John Bufteed - 1 10

I- 3 6 — L 1 12 Ensigns - - 2 —

Lieutenants - - - - 1 12

Captains - - fr 6 —

tn

OS

Samuel Pickett, Chaplain - - - - 3s.

John Gery, Quarter-mailer - - - 2 4 j*

Totai., per Diem - - - £ 6

- 5 8

64

o\

NO

06

REGIMENTS.

D

cq'

N

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

O

o

ft

X

Colonel Richard Coot's

TJ

CAPTAINS, &c.

Colonel, as Colonel and Captain"!

ioj. od. > — For 6 Servants, at 4 d.each — J

per Diem

£. s.

12

Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas"! Allen, as Lieutenant- V Colonel and Captain -J For 3 Servants, at each 1

7 6

— 8

Majo

A

For

jor Fran. Holroyd, as"l g g "1 Major and Captain -J - > —

for 3 Servants, at 4 d.each 1 — J

Captain Ralph Bren - 4 — "1 ____

For 3 Servants, at each 1 — J

- /

Captain Ste. Caple, ditto Captain Robert Houston Captain Wm. Adaire -

Captain Loftus Duckingfcild

Captain Wm. Harrison -Captain Dudly Loftus Captain Fra. Toplady -Captain William Rutter Captain Perkins Vaughan

5

5

5

- — 5

5

5

5

5

5

£- 3 18

LIEUTENANTS. ENSIGNS.

per Diem. per Diem.

d. d. £. $ d.

Capt.-Lieut. Tho. Candler, 2^.1 A Bland Summer i8rf. \

For One Servant - 4d.j z 4 For one Servant - 4 d.} - — 1 10

6 Maurice Warren - - — 2 4 John Dawson - m — 1 10

6 George Pordham - 2 4 Henry HodgfkinloD - — 1 10

— John Goodwyn - - 2 4 Peter Ducla - - — 1 10

— William Wadds - - 2 4 Daniel Parrott - - — 1 10

— George Wingfeild - 2 4 George Hewit m - — 1 10

— Andrew Hickman - 2 4 Thomas Manfell m - — 1 10

("John Ewer - - 2 4

\Hugh Smith - 2 4

Thurston Haddock - 2 4 John Tucker - - - — 1 10

— Thomas Gould - 2 4 Thomas Bourden - - — 1 10

— Isaac Jacob - 2 4 Richard Cooke - - — 1 10

— William Gargrave " 2 4 George Napper - - — 1 10

— William Pyewell - - - 2 4 Daniel Winter - - — 1 10

— £- 1 12 8 Ensigns - - 1 2 —

Lieutenants - - - 1 12 8

Captains, 8cc,

3 18 —

Thomas Landy, Chaplain Dennis Foy, Quarter-master

' T4a' )per Diem — 5

4

ToxAt, per Diem -

- L 6 18 4

Cn

Os

VO

REGIMENTS.

D

in'

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

eg

FT

Colonel Thomas Brudenall's

to

‘Q.

5

a

C

CAPTAINS, &c.

'Colonel, as Colonel and Captain

10$. — 6?. For 6 Servants, at 4d. each a —

Lieutenant-Colonel John 1 Hubbart, as Colonel and >7 6 Captain - - - J

For 3 Servants, 4</. each 1 —

Major John Rose, as Major! g g 'J and Captain - J

For 3 Servants at each 1 — J

Captain Nehem, Farmer - 4 — "1

For 3 Servants, 4 each l — J

Captain William Gay -

Captain Wm. Wanfburough -

Captain John Lloyd -Captain Edmund Keating Captain John Hutchinson Captain Peter Lille -Captain Charles Edwards Captain Solomon Rapin Captain Thomas Alton

LIEUTENANTS.

per Diem. £ s. d.

ENSIGNS.

per Diem

£ d*

— 12 —

— 8 6

- 7 6

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5

3 18 —

Captain Lieutenant Saunders For One Servant

Leonard*) - 2«. ! - 4</J

4

Robert Wanibrough For One Servant

per Diem.

L

- u 6 d.

- 4d.

s. d. 1 10

O

George Foulkes

| John Ant. Barner -

Thomas Piers

Alexander Gay -

fRixton Darby [John Bate -

John Message

Philip Carpenter -

Charles Burgh

John Burgh -

Gil. Pickering

William Barton -

Edward Dove

— 2 4

2 4

— 2 4

— 2 4

— 2 4

— 2 4

— 2 4

— 2 4

— 2 4

— 24

— 2 4

— 2 4

— 2 4

1 12 8

John M*Kenzy

Thomas Lloyd

John Farmer -William Levelbn

Hugh Dryfdale William Rose -Samuel Hutchinson -Henry Warren Samuel Francis Humphry Cory Samuel Hackett

Ensigns - -

Lieutenants - -

Captains, &c.

Ill' a^'}*Diem

Total, per Diem -

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— i 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

1 2 —

1 12 8

3 18 —

— 5 8

18 4

OS

VO

oo

William Stoughton, Chaplain John Fulford, Quarter-master

REGIMENTS.

LIEUTENANTS.

ENSIGNS.

o

Colonel Thomas Saunderson's

o

o

n

CAPTAINS,

-}6 6 1 " 1 — J

- (

Colonel, as Colonel and Captain!

10 — > — F^r 6 Servants, each a — J

Lieutenant-Colonel Charles'!

Wills, as Lieutenant-Co-17 6

lonel and Captain - J For 3 Servants each 1

Major Richard Sutton, as Major and Captain - For 3 Servants, 4 d. each

Captain Geo. Burton - - 4 — 1 __________

For 3 Servants, 4 deach - 1 — J

Captain Henry Franckland, ditto - —

Captain Isaac Knight ——

Captain Thomas Bedford ——

*..... —

Captain Richard Bolton ——

Captain James Brathwayt ——

Captain John Saunders

Captain Walter Palifter -Captain Urian Brereton

per Diem.

d.

12 —

— 8 6

7 6

5 —

5 — 5 —

5 — 5 — 5 — 5 —

— 5 "

— 5 —

Capt.- Lieut. James Harris 2$.!

£ 3 13 —

For One Servant

Wm. Singleton

Robert Jackson

William Whiteoff -

George Hafiard

Francis Filbridge -

Mark Ant. Bernard

Nath. Potter

Peter de Singift

Alexander Davison

fJohn Bernard tBlois Jervaizo

Hugh Pallifter

Bernard Pinnock -

4 d.f

per Diem.

£ s. d.

— 2 4

--24

— 24

— 24

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

2

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

1 12 8

Stanhop Yarborough For One Servant

Andrew Day -

William Weddell -

John Partridge -

George Saunderson -John Sharpe Isaac Duplex -Nicolas Tyrwhite Robert Hume John Daulton -

Theoph. Vauchin William Saunderson -

per Diem.

£. $. d.

-- 1 10

-- 1 10

— 1 10

— 110 — 110 — 110 — 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

1 10 1 10

Ensigns

Lieutenants -

Captains, &c.

John Waley, Chaplain - - - - 3-- 4<f.)npr n-Henry Clark, Quarter-master - - 2 4

-12 —

- 1 12 —

- 3 13 —

5 8

3

5.

55:

- - £ 6 13 4

cr»

Total, per Diem

D

tn'

r — h

N'

CD

CL

cr

n>

REGIMENTS. CAPTAINS, *c.

Colonel

Lieutenant-Colonel Robert") s. Freeke, as Lieutenant > 7

Colonel and Captain -J For 3 Servants, 4 each 1

Major Thomas Burrington,! g as Major and Captain J For 3 Servants, 4^. each 1

Captain Andrew Abington For 3 Servants, 4 each 1

Major-General Thomas Erles

Captain Ambrose Edgworth Captain Thomas Took -Captain Edward Jones

Captain Charles Floyer Captain James de la Court Captain John Symonds

Captain Thomas Waggett

Captain Richard Henning '"-Captain Peter Minihall

per Diem. £. s. d.

— 86

— 7 6

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 — ~ 5 —

L 3 6 -

LIEUTENANTS.

per Diem

ENSIGNS.

per Diein.

CJ\ Nl

Capt.-Lieut. Jof. Dolling 2 For One Servant -4 d. L s. }-2 d. 4 Samuel Norman 1 s. For One Servant - <\d.) if' 9 d. 1 10

John Pratt - — 2 4 Ignatius White - - — 1 10

Henry Trenchard - - — 2 4 Gilbert Burrington 110

Robert Wind - — 2 4 Zach. Clarke - 1 10

Robert Strangways 0 4 Thomas Coward - . — 1 10

Robert Northcote - - — 2 4 Joseph Henning 110

John Jackson - — 2 4 Abraham Foy - — 1 10

Nic. Eveligh - — 2 4 Robert Clark - 1 1 1-4 , 0

Edward Hastings - - — 2 4 William Rolle - - — 1 10

Edward Emett - — 2 4 William Strode 110

/Francis Izod \Hopton Twiniho - - — 2 4 4

Benjamin Tredenham - — 2 4 Henry Hawly - 110

Charles Gooking - . — 2 4 John Williams - 110

£. 1 12 8 Ensigns - 1 2

Lieutenants - - 1 12 8

Captains, &c. 1 CO CT> I

Edmund Scarborough, Chaplain - - - 3$. 4 ^-lDer Robert Northcote Quarter-master - - - 2 4 y Diem — 58

Total, per Diem - -£664

I.

OS

SO

oo

Vo t. XII.

REGIMENTS.

Colonel John Gibson's

CAPTAINS. &c. LIEUTENANTS. ENSIGNS.

per Diem. per Diem. per Diem.

£ 1 s. d. S. d. £ d.

,-Colonel, as Colonel and Captain] James Giblbn - - i8</.l For One Servant - 4

105. od. j For 6 Servants, at each 2 — J 12 — Captain-Lieut. Luke Spicer 2r.j For One Servant - 4 2 4 - — 1 10

Lieutenant-Colonel Thomas]

Dore, asLieutenant-Co-lonel and Captain - -J 7 6 — 8 6 Gilbert Abbott - - — 2 4 Roger Hand ifide - — ] 10

For 3 Servants, 4 each 1

Major Thomas Hand ifide,j 1 fz a 1 Isaac Gabriel -

as Major and Captain -j 0 0 - 7 Alexander Hardine - 2 4 - — 1 10

For 3 Servants, 4 each 1 — j 1

Captain Medburn Smith -« For 3 Servants, 4 each 4 — \- 5 — George Herone - - 2 4 . Haughton -- 1 10

' Captain Clifford Brexton m — 5 — Nath. Lawlon 2 4 Peter Heart - 1 10

Captain Griffin May - - — 5 — James des Romains - — 2 4 Francis Giblbn - 1 JO

Captain Robert Dalyell - — 5 — Peter Morin . " — 2 4 William Wanlefle - 1 10

Captain John Foulk - - — 5 — Jermin Archbold - — 2 4 John Meenifs - - 1 10

Captain Edward Rigby - — 5 — Thomas Symons - - — 2 4 ."Overton - - 1 10

Captain Joseph Hargrave - — 5 — David Gibson - — 2 4 Humphry Haven - — 1 10

Captain Hugh Boyd - - — 5 — Robert Grigg - — 2 4 William Levingfton - - — 1 10

Captain George Watkins - — 5 — Wm. Lilbyme - - — 2 4 Bryan Stapleton - 1 10

Captain John Francis Petit — 5 — f Lewis Liermont -\Jacob Boice 2 2 4 4

£ 3 18 — £ 1 12 8 Ensigns ——

Lieutenants - - 1 12 8

Captains, &q. - - 3 >8 —

David Heart, Chaplain Wm. Sloan, Quarter-master

3* 2 $.

[ Yd] per Die,n

5

- - - £ 618 4

Cn . W4

Total, per Diem

REGIMENTS,

g

cq'

N

CD

Cl

O"

O

CAPTAIN'S, &c.

Colonel William Northcofs

7 6

1 —

6 6

Colonel, as Colonel and Captain]

10$. od.

For 6 Servants, at ^d. each 2 — J

Lieut-Colonel Alexander]

Luttrel), as Lieutenant-?

Colonel and Captain - J For 3 Servants, at each

Major Thomas Carew, as"l Major and Captain -/

For 3 Servants, at 4*/. each x —

Captain William Courtney For 3 Servants, at each

Captain Christopher Leigh

Captain Jonathan Stukly

Captain Philip Do6ton

Captain Thomas Adams

Captain Walter Piggott

Captain Chrifioper l)alton

Captain George Blakeney

Captain Benj. Boiler -

Captain tVancis Blyninan

per Dien.

£. s. d.

— 12 —

— 86

- 7

} = }--

— 5 —

- — 5 —

- — " 5 —

- — 5 —

- - — 5 —

" - ~ 5 —

- — 5 —

I-3 18 —

LIEUTENANTS. ENSIGNS.

per Diem. per Diem.

£> d. £ S. d.

Captain-Lieut.Wm.Tregea 2&1 For One Servant - - 4 John Barnes - - is. 6d. For One Servant 4 d. 1 10

Walter Elliott - — 24 John Beckwith - 1 10

Abraham Coakly - - — 2 4 Thomas Haltey 1 - — 1 10

f James Clark \john Famham 1 1 9 1 1 10 to

Robert Stawell - - — 24 . Dteveniih - 1 10

John Tayler — 2 4 Richard Tipett - 1 10

. . Balmier -' — 24 Wm. Northcote - 1 10

John Bankes - — 2 4 Adam Wfeightman - - 1 10

John Otven - — 2 4 Jbhn Harris - - 1 10

Ephraim Aytoard - 2' 4 John' Davis - -- 1 10

John Conyers - — 2 4 John Northcote - 1 10

Mark Hildfley - - — a 4. Charles Stuckley - 1 10

John Salter - — 2 .4 Thomas Northcote - - . 1 10

- i.1.12 8 Ensigns - - - 2 —

% Lieutenants - - - - 1 12 8

Captains, Ac. - - 3 18 —

George Snell, Chaplain - - - - 3 _ John Andrews, Quarter-mailer - - - 2 s. 4d.jP 5 8

Total, per Diem - - - £ 6 18 4

574 11* Martii. A. 1698.

g

cq'

N

CD

CL

cr

o

w

REGIMENTS.

CAPTAINS, *c.

Colonel Thomas Farrington

Colonel, as Colonel and Captain"!

lor, — d.

For 6 Servants, 4each 2 — J

Lieutenant-Colonel Wm."|

Frowd, as Lieutenant-/- 7 6 Colonel and Captain -J For 3 Servants, 4//. each -

Major Christopher Wray, as"! g g "1 Major and Captain -J j-

For 3 Servants, qd. each 1 — j

Captain Charles Cratchrode 4 — T For 3 Servants, 4 each 1 — j

Captain Thomas Phillips

Captain John Dally -

Captain John Byckly -

Captain James Howard-Captain Robert Chyney Captain Richard Manfan Captain Robert Minzeis Captain Samuel Pitman Captain Jame9 Otway -

D

a.

a

per Diem.

£ s. d.

— 12 —

— 86

- 7 6

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5 —

— 5~

— 5 —

J lS —

LIEUTENANTS. ENSIGNS.

/ per Diem. per Diem.

£ d. £ s. d.

Captain-Lieut. John Wright For One Servant ft 1 - IP? 4 Daukins Wilmot For One Servant 1*. 6?} ► — 1 10

Francis Lewis - - — 2 4 Anthony Gardy - - — 1 10

John Danvers - — 2 4 Peter Bonalous - - ' — .1 10

John Brookes , - - - — 2 4 Richard Beftell - - — 1 10

Yeare Harcourt - - - — 4 William Carr - - - — 1 10

/"Charles Drake \Stanly Russell - — 2 - — 2 4 4- 1

Charles Middleton - - — 2 *1 Court Southwell 1 - - — 1 10

James Dennis - - — 2 4 John Miller - - — 1 10

John Greenwood - - - — 2 4 Thomas Farrington - - - — . 1 10

Robert Carr - - — 2 4 Abel Cook - — I 10

David Chaftelan* i - 2 4' John Davenport - - — 1 10

Robert Pyke - - — 2 4 Cha. dc Chaftlenaut — 1 10

Robert Uthwayte - - 2 4 Camell de Venderguis - - — 1 io

£ 12 8 Ensigns - - 1 2 —

Lieutenants - - - - 1 12 8

Captains, &c. - - - 3 18

John Hanco*, Chaplain - - -James Howard, Quarter-matter -

1 2S'^'jPcr Diom- — 5, 8 Total, per Diem - - - j8 4

CJi

IU av 11

576

ii° Ma.

Independent Companies.

The Company of Miners.

The Company at Upnor.

Captain John Pitt -

For 3 Servants, at 9 each

Lieutenant Thomas Marwood For One Servant -

Colonel . Rouse, as Lieutenant For One Servant -

Ensign Thompson For One Servant

A. 1698.

s. d. £ s. d £.

2 2 3- 4 9

2 2 9

2 2 4

1 n_ 4 J 1 10

7

— 4

Total - - - £. — 11 S

ABSTRACT of the foregoing Establishment.

The Duke of Bolton's Regiment Colonel Coote s Colonel Brudenall's Colonel Saunderson's' -Major-General Erie's Colonel Giblon's Colonel Northcot's Colonel Farrington's - -

Independent Companies

per Diem.

C s. d.

6 6 4

6 18 4

6 18 4

6 13 4

6 6 4

6 18 4

6 18 4

6 18 4

— 11 8

Total - - - £. 54 9 4

Memorandum :The whole Charge of this Establishment amounts to Fifty-four Pounds Nine Shillings and Fourpence a Day.

William R.

WHEREAS, upon the Establishing of Our Regiments of Foot commanded by Colonel William,

Colonel Edward Dutton Colt, and Colonel Henry Mordaunt, as Marines, the Chaplains of the said Regiments were reduced, and discontinued Our Pay: And, We being graciously inclined to allow them Half-Pay, as to the Chaplains of Our Regiments, lately disbanded; Our Will and Pleasure is, That, out of such Monies as are or shall come to your Hands for the contingent Uses of Our Forces, you pay unto Edward Robert , and

Peter Rivall, the late Chaplains of Our said Regiments,

the Sum of Three Shillings and Four-pence a Day to each of them, as disbanded Chaplains of Our Army; to commence from the First Day of August last, when those Regiments were formed into Marines; and to be continued and

paid unto them, upon Certificate from the Commissary of the Musters, in like manner as the other disbanded Officers are paid by you: And, for so doing. This, with the Acquittances of the said Chaplains, or of their Assigns, shall be, from time to time, your Warrant and Discharge.

Given at Our Court at Ken, this 20th Day of December 1698, in the Tenth Year of our Reign.

By His Majesty's Command.

To Our Right Trusty and Right Well-beloved Cousin and Counsellor Richard Earl of Ranelagh, Paymaster-General of Our Forces.

Further

-Digrtizechby

D

(a

n'

CD

Cl

cr

a

o

eg

FT

o

Further LIST of the Officers of the late Army Disbanded, and to be Difbatitled, with their Half-Pat.

REGIMENTS.

Colonel John Buchan's

CAPTAINS.

s.

n Colonel, as Colonel and! ________]

Captain -J

For 6 Servants, at 4 d.each 2 —

Lieutenant-Cojonel Meredith]

Gwylym's, as Lieutenant- >7 6

Colonel and Captain - J For 3 Servants, at 4 d. each T —

Major William jorand

For 3 "

Captain Sex Dahlem - - 4 — "I

Fqr 3 Servants, at Ad.each 1 — J

Captain Janies Orrok ——

Wm. Bayley ——

Robert Hamilton ——

per Diem.

L d.

— 12 —

— 86

rilliam Reid, as MaO /-] td Captain - -J° —

Servants, at 4d.each 1 — J

7 6

5 — 5 — 5 — 5 —

Thomas Hay - 5 — Samuel Dury - - - — 1 4

George Carls - 5 — James Urquart * - - — 24

William Bruce - 5 — Colin Hunter - - — 24

John Gignow - 5 — John Dupont - - - — 2 4

Francis Forbes - 5 — John Levingfton - - - — 2 4

George Winram - - - — 5 — Hans Finley - - - — 24

3 *8 — 00 c* i

LIEUTENANTS

d.

Captain Lieutenant "I ______

Charles Dalyel -/

For One Servant — 4

Alexander Carmichaell -

John Reid -

John Brilbane

Edward Kemp -

f Alexander Ferguson \John Bayley

William Aikie

per Diem. £. s. d.

— 24

- — 24

- — 2

- — 2

- — 2

- — 2

— 2

- — 2

4

4

4

4

ENSIGNS.

John Grant - For One Servant -

John Macqueen

George Hay -

George Gordon Thomas Boyd -

John Alexander William Farqhuarfon' George Gray -Thomas Buchan John Irwin William Straton William Leflye

- — 1 10

Ensigns - -Lieutenants Captains, &c.

Alexander Innis, Chaplain - - - 3^ ^d\ ___ n. George Hay, Quartermaster - - - 2 4</.J "

Total, per Diem - -

1 10

- — 1 10

- — 1 10

_ 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

— 1 10

1 2

1 12 8

3 18 —

m — 5 8

£ 6 18 4

3

per Diem. s. d. £. s. d.

1 10

Nl

REGIMENTS.

CAPTAINS.

per Diem.

s. d. £. S' d.

g

eg"

n'

CD

Q.

cr

o

John Lord Lome's

Colonel, asColonelaud Cap- tain - - -J

For 6 Servants, at each

10 —

.-I

Lieutenant-Colonel Robert 1

Duncanfon, as Colonel [-76 and Captain - -J For 3 Servants, at each 1 —

12 —

8 6

Major Niel Campbell, asl g g

Major and Captain - J For 3 Servants, at each t —

Captain John Campbell - 4 — 1

J For 3 Sei'vants, at each 1 — j

Captain Duncan Campbell -

Thomas Drumond -

Colin Campbell -

Robert M‘Awla -

Alexander Campbell -

John Labene -

George Somerville.

Robert Taylor -

Antony Cadour -

7 6

5 —

5 —

5 —

5 — 5 — 5 — 5 — 5 — 5 — 5 —

C 3 18

LIEUTENANTS.

ENSIGNS.

oo

per Diem.

s. d. £. s. 'd.

Captain-Lieutenant "1 "1

George Dick -/ r — 24

For One Servant - — 4 J

John Campbell — 2 4

Patrick Campbell — 2 4

per Diem.

s. s. d.

Charles Douglass -16) 110

For One Servant - — 4J

Daniel Campbell - - - 110

John Campbell - - - — 1 10

Colin Fairfoul - — 2 4' William Campbell - 1 10

John Lindsey - — 2 4 William Campbell - 1 10

/Oliver Wheeler - - — 2 4'

/Colin Campbell - - — 2 4

Colin Campbell - - — 2 4 John Simme - - — 1 10

William Rich - — 2 4 Robert Mercer - - 1 10

John Grant - — 2 4 William Campbell - 1 10

John Lamont - — 2 4 James Mercer - - — 1 IO

Alexander Campbell - — 2 4 Alexander M‘Lahlen - 1 10

James Cheiholm - - — 2 4 Abraham Lowden - 1 IO

Hugh Campbell - - — 2 4 John Lundy - - 1 IO

L 1 12 8 i Ensigns - - - 1 2 —

Lieutenants - - 1 12 8

Captains, &c. - - 3 —

James Main, Chaplain - - - 3^. 4^1 ,, q

James Campbell, Quarter-mailer - - 4

. . 6 .8 4. 3

avwinm-r

OO

Total, per Diem

11° Martii.

REGIMENTS. <5 c — 1 k- CAPTAINS.

g . S.

C Colonel Holt's Regiment, disbanded - 1 s. Colonel, as Colonel and Captain to Tor (i Servants, at each 2 Major Edward Nott, as Major and Captain -/ For 3 Servants, at each 1 Captain Thomas Delaval - 4 For 3 Servants, at 4 d. each 1 Captain David Ganfpoel -Henry Lyons -John Pigott -John Forrcfter -Thomas Holt -Paul Brifac -

/-> Late Colonel Rufl'eU's Regiment, disbanded, , and to be disbanded - - - - ' V Major Thomas Garth, as Major"! and Captain - - -j6 For 3 Servants, at each - 1 Captain Joseph Crisp - - 4 For 3 Servants, at each - 1 Captain Jonathan Langle Edward Rupert -

r D Colonel Luke Lillingilon's Regiment, dil- , banded, and to be disbanded CL O" I o 0 Officers of the Three Companies of Colonel Murray's Regiment, disbanded - - 1 Colonel, as Colonel and Captain ] 0 For 6 Servants, at 4 d. each 2 Captain Walter Coverden - 4 For 3 Servants, at 4 d. each 1 Major James Moantjoy Captain Win. Mackenzie - 4 For 3 Servants, ax 4 d. each 1 Donald M‘Leod ... Robert Monroe.

% LIEUTENANTS. ENSIGNS. ►H

pt?r Diem per Diem. per Diem,

s. s. d. S. d.

Lieutenant John Lyons - 2 4 John Codrington - 1 10

I J George Ilarrilon - - 2 4 Philip Lacoutlay - - - 1 10

7 0 Robert Cunningham - - 2 4 John Horn - 1 10

Henry Meols - - 2 4 Samuel Clarke - - 1 10

5 — Charles Lloyd - - - 2 4 John Sharpe - - - 1 10

5 — Francis Smith - -2 4 Charles Webb 1 IQ

5 — Adrian Godolphin - - 2 4 . Ofenbourg - - 1 10

5 — Arthur Booth - - 2 4 Thomas Byffe - m 1 10

5 — Henry Pearn - - 2 4 John Perry - - - 1 10

5 — Richard Garth - - - 2 4

5 — John Saunderson - - 2 4

Jofias Beauchamp, ( Chaplain - - 3 s. 4d.

John Perry, Quarter-master - 2 4

Captain-Lieut. Robert Bishop s 1 "1 2 . Lieutenant George Payne - m 2 4 O

7 6 For One Servant - 4/ 2 4 Lieutenant Timothy Salter - - 2 4

Lieutenant Fran. Saunderson - - 2 4

r Lieutenant George Boyle - - 2 4 53.

J Lieutenant Richard Hopfon - - 2 4 Lieutenant Stcph. Thompson - m 2 4

5 — John Mosely - - 2 4 Lieutenant John Sharpe - - - 2 4 »

5 — John Wild - -24

Joseph Woodroff, Quarter-master -

12 — James Smith - - 2 4 John Edwards - 1 10

5 — William Cooke - - - 2 4 Peter Thurston - - 1 10

5 — f. John Foulk - . 1 10

(Thomas White - - - 2 4 Richard Holland - - 1 10

George Mitford, Chaplain - - - 3$. 4(1-

5 — Lieutenant Alexander Grant - 2 4 Donald M ‘Donald - - 1 10

5 — Donald Martin - - - 2 4 Maurice Corbett - - . 1 10

5 — Walter Bruce - - 2 4 Roderick Baine - - 1 JO

% / John Mackenzie, Chaplain - - - 3 s. 4d. On

Gilbert Patcrfon, Quarter-master - 2 4

REGIMENTS. 1 CAPTAINS.

Officers of the Three Companies of Colonel Lauder's Regiment disbanded per Die Captain Thomas Davison - - 5 Archibald Paton - - - - 5

Officers of the Three Companies of Colonel Walter Colly ear's Regiment disbanded David Graham - - - - 5 William Ramsey 5

Officers of the Three Companies of Colonel] Ferguson's Regiment disbanded - -1 Hugh Fullerton 5 John Fofter - - - - 5

r- Officers of the Three Companies of the Lord Strathnaver's Regiment disbanded - Arthur Steuart - - - - 5

V S' Officers of the Three Companies of Colonel George Hamilton's Regiment disbanded { < John Harris - - - - 5 James Gibbons - - -5 David Bacalan -

Officers of Colonel Row's Regiment disbanded f I cq‘ John Demillon - - - -5

Officers of Sir David Collyear's Regiment] disbanded -1 a- I

Officers of Brigadier Maitland's Regiment] disbanded John Delalour - - 5

0 . Officers of Brigadier Langston s late Regiment/ of Horse disbanded -j fi) Wm, Berry - - - - 7s. — </.") For 3 Servants, at i3 9 / 1

Cfl V. Vt

LIEUTENANTS. ENSIGNS. Cn co

m. per Diem: per Diem. O

d. s. d. 3. d.

— Nicholas Holemberg - 2 4 Peter Bulgary - * - - 1 IO

— John Reynolds - - 2 4 Wm Rofendael - - 1 10

Hugh Ross, Chaplain - - - - 3$. Ad.

Alexander Sheen, Quarter-uiafter 2 4

— Peter V. Beeft - ^r 1 1 Alexander Boyd - 1 10

— Maximilian Franks - - 1 10

John Patrifon, Chap lain - - - 3s. 4d.

Alexander Douglafc, Quarter-master 2 4

— John Boyd - 2 4 Robert Ferguson - 1 10

— Wm. Hutchinson - - 2 4 Andr. Rudderford - - 1 10

Leonard Ferguson - 2 4

— Alexander Murray - - 2 4 Alexander Slevcnfon ' - 1 10

John Fishwick - - 2 4 John Beaton - - - 1 10 t-4

John Gordon - - 1 10 9

Alexander Hunter - - 1 10

. . Good, Chaplain - - - g

Alexander Brodie, Quarter-master 2 4 sr 3

— George Coffett - - 2 4 James Cramond . 1 10 5*:

— Robert Clerife - - 2 4 Daniel Maccntofh - - 1 10

— Thomas Groftie - - 2 4 Wm. M‘Leeth . 1 10

Alexander Innis, Chaplain - - 3 4

Robert Seton, Quarter-master - 2 4

— Alexander Leith - - 2 4 I John Dchauteclair - 1 10

William Hacket, Chaplain - - 3

John Wife, Quarter-master - - 2 4

John Alliburton - - 2 4 Lochlane Bayn 1 10

Mervin Perry, Chapl lain - - - 38.4d.

Henry Demin, Quarter-master - 2 4

— John Lundy 1 1 1 Robert Gray - 1 10

Robert Chalmers, Chaplain - - r*

John Maitland, Quarter-master - 2 4

A Quarter-master Nich. Stoakes 3 — t/.T . , <7\ vO

9 For One Servant - - - i 3 J 00

g

cq'

N

CD

Cl

cr

o

o

O

o

r

x

REGIMENTS.

CAPTAINS.

Officers of the Lord Jedborough's Regiment(

of Dragoons disbanded

John Steuart

For 3 Servants, each Mark Kerr

5 s. 6d.

‘2

ptr Di<

s

7

- 7

Officers of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons disbanded -

Peter Larpche - -

For 3 Servants, each gd. James Crofts -

Officers of Colonel Lloyd's Regiment of Dragoons disbanded -

Officers of the Earl of Eflfex's Regiment of M Dragoons disbanded -

Officers of Brigadier Selwyns Regiment of Foot disbanded - -

Officers of Major-General Churchill's Regiment disbanded -

> Officers of Brigadier Trelawtjy's Regiment/ disbanded - - - . 1

- 5 s.6d.\

- a 3

- 7

Walter Leveson Deter Hawker

- 7

- 7

Andrew Samazcn Fmn. St. George

- 7

- 7

John Bickerftaff - -4 s.

For 3 Servants, 4 each - 1 William Kingsley

=5

John Arnot

- 5

- 5

Jof. Churchill -William Bright -Charles Churchill

Samuel MicheU Richard Ceely -John Uoyd

O

H

to veto

I LIEUTENANTS. ENSIGNS.

>m. per Diem. per Diem.

4. & d. t. d.

John Blane - - - 3 J. — cH g Robert Semple .24 W 4 —

V For 2 Servants, each 9 d. 1 6 j 4 For 2 Servants 1 6 J 4

9 Gtrftavus Balfour - - - -4 6 James Primrose - 4 —

George Stuart, Quarter-raafter, 2*. — rf.|no

For One Servant - [AO. MU* - — 9 J

Andrew Aanew, Quarter-matter - - 2 0

William Cunningham, Chaplain, - - 3 4

John Richerson - - 3 s. — g ..... Harris - 2 s. 6</.1

9 , For a Servants, each gd. 1 6 J ' For 2 Servants, each yd. 1 6 J 4

9 Charles Green - - - -4 6 ..... Farnbhm: - ' ‘ 4

IRobertRicherson.Quarter-matter, 2s. — ~ j

For One Servant ju. Q j 1 ‘

tJohn Anderson, Quarter-master, - - 2 9

9 John Perkins - - - -4 6 1 Joseph Scaif - - - - 4

9 Thomas Huntback - - - 4 6 Cornelius de Witt - - - 4

'Thomas Haley, QOatter-master, - 2 s. gd.

*Charles Headlam, Quarter-matter, 2 9

9 Benjamin Martin - - - -461 i Walter Phillips - 4 —

9 James Hamilton - , - - - 4 6 1 John Gravenor . - - 4 —

.John Olivier, Quarter-matter - 2s. gd.

Nathaniel Manchier, Quarter-master, 2 9 t

Hugh Philips - -2 s, — </."l . ..... Wanfbrough - , 10

For One Servant - — 4 J . > For , One Servant, < - -4 J

— Henry Godfrey - - - - 2 4 William Danby - 1 10

— Henry Sands - - - - 2 4 t Fra. Bickerftaff - , - - > 1-10 1 r

George Palfrey - - - - 2 4 Thomas Manwaring - 1 10

— Barnaby Bowtell - - - 2 4 Thomas White - - ¥ - 1 .10

— John Grierson - - - -24 John Grant - - I IO

— Leonard Fish - - - - 2 4 Richard Tregeagie - - - r io-

— George N el thorp - - - 2 4 ..... Harris - - - 1 10

..... Walker - - - - 2 4 ..... Devecdlh - - i 10

'Ot

-m

11 W.UI. VI'Marta.

8 i

11° Mar tit.

ABSTRACT of the Charge of the foregoing Lift of Half-Pay.

per Anuum.

Colonel Bouchan's Regiment Lord Lome's - -

Colonel, Holt's . r , -, , -

Colonel Russel's.

Colonel Lillingfton's - - - ,

Colonel Murray's ' -

Colonel Lawder's -

Colonel1 Walter Collyeare's > - ' Colonel Ferguson's - -

Lord Straithnaver's - -; -

Colonel George Hamilton's Colonel Row's -

Sir David Collyeare's . -I -

Colonel Maitland -

Colonel Langston's -

Lord Jedbrough Royal Regiment of Dragoons Colonel Lloyd's Regiment -Earl of Essex's Regiment -

Brigadier SelwynV -Major-General Churchill's Brigadier Trqlawny's , -

m m

c s. d.

11 8

11 8

- 1,940 11 8

- — 10

\o . —

5 10

438 — —

395: 8 4

3 4

*3 4

5 10

- 270 14 2

14 2

270 14 2

‘5 —

6 s

10 —

10 —

10 —

17 6

»7 6

17 6

£. 16,896 9 sr

An ABSTRACT of the several Establishments, and Lists of Half-Pay, to Officers disbanded, and to be

disbanded;

Establishment and Lift, dated the 23d of February 1697, for the Officers of Colonel Windsor's,' and Colonel Harvey's, Horsej and Colonel Leigh's, and the Earl of Denbigh's Dragoons; at 36/. 17 s. 10 d.per Diem -

Establishment, dated the 16th of March 1697, for the Officers of the several Regiments and Companies of Foot following; viz. Duke of Bolton's, Colonel Coote's Colonel Brudenall's, Colonel Saundeifon's, Major-General Erie's, Colonel Gibson's, Colonel Northcote's, Colonel Farrington's Company of Miners, and Company at Upnor, at 54 /. 9*. 4 per Diem -Establishment, dated the 20th of December 1698, for the Three Chaplains of Colonel Seymour's,' Colonel Mordant's, and Colonel Colt's Regiments, made Marines - ..

LIST of the several' Regiments and Companies following/ broke, and to be broke; viz.

Colonel Bochan's Regiment of Foot - - t

Lord Lome's Foot - -

Colonel Holt's Foot

Colonel fcuflel's Foot - - - - -;

Colonel Lillingfton's Foot - -

Officers of Three Companies of Colonel Murray's Regiment Officers of Three Companies of Colonel Sanders'

Officers of Three Companies of Colonel Walter Collyear's -Officers of Three Companies of Colonel Ferguson's Officers of Three Companies of Lord Strathnaver's -Officers of Three Companies of Colonel George Hamilton's -Officers of Colonel Row's Regiment -Officers of Sir David Collier's - -

Officers of Colonel Maitland's ‘

Officers of Colonel Langston's Regiment of Horse Officers of Lord Jedborough's Dragoons -,

Officers of Two Troops of the Royal Regiment of Dragoons Officers of Two Troops of Colonel Lloyds dragoons -Officers of Two Troops of the Earl of Essex's Dragoons Officers of Three Companies of Brigadier Selwyn's Foot Officers of Three Companies of Major-General Churchill's -Officers of Three Companies of Brigadier Trelawny's -

£ s. d.

2,524 11 8

2,524 11 8

1,940 879 11 8

— 10

766 10 —

605 5 10

438 — —

395 8 4

377 3 4

413 13 4

605 5 10

270 14 2

270 14 2

270 14 2

273 15 —

754 6 8

693 10 —

693 10 —

693 10 —

501 17 6

501 17 6

501 7 6

Four Companies of Invalids, at Hampton Court, Windsor, Chester, and Tinmouth

13,465

per Anaum.

d»

9 2

19,880 6 8

182 10 —

16,896 g 6,909 18

a

8

57,334 1 8

Ordered,

Army

Arrears*

Trent Navigation*

Officers fitting in the House.

poor Laws.

Sappljr.

Gqy'i, &c. NaU

t1 W. III. II0 — I

5*3

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Warrants, Establishment, Lift, and Abstract, be referred to the . Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Officers, Ministers, and Attendants on the Train of Artillery, employed in Reducing of land, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners served in Ireland, at a certain Pay per Diem, until the same was reduced; for which Service -there is an Arrear due to them, of 17,030 144-. % \d.;

;the want of which hath reduced great Number* of them to the Height of Poverty; some languishing in Prison, and others daily expecting the same Fate: That the Office of Ordnance hath now by them 160,720/. in Tallies: That lire Debt of the Ordnance doth not amount to ,100,000l.; therefore 'tis conceived, that the ordering the Debt, due to the Petitioners, out of the remaining 60,722 /. will neither prejudice the Office, nor his Majesty's Service: And praying the y may be paid their Arrears out of the said remaining Tallies that have l'o long lain dead in that Office.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whoso House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Henry Seymour, Mr. Yates, Mr. Blojeitd, M r. Lake, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to make the River Trent, up to Burton, navigable, was committed.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, to restrain the Number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons, be read the Third time upon IVedncfdayMorning next.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report, made the ift of March inltant, from the Committee, to whom it was referred to consider of Ways for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work:

And the Resolutions of the said Committee being again severally read, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, or Bills, pursuant to the said Resolutions: And that the same be prepared, and brought in, by the said Committee: And that Sir Bartholomew Shore, Mr. Moor, and Mr. Thursby, be added to them.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the said Committee, That

they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'olved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

fidered the fame, and had madb fevera Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Sir John Thorold reported from the Committee, to Vyners whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Creditors, Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Knight and Baronet, deceased, was committed, That they had examined and considered the feme; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the feme in at the Clerks Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of John Robinson, late Master of the Ship called the Hungerford, belonging to the Port of Scar- I>ebtTport borough, on the behalf of himself, and the rest of the Owners of the same Ship, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, in the Year 1693, did contract with his Majesty's Transport-Commissioners, to be employed, with himself and Ship, in his Majesty's Service; by which ContraQ; he was to be paid within One Month after his Discharge, or Interest from the Expiration of such Time of Payment, to the Time the Petitioner and Owners should receive their Debt: That the Petitioner was accordingly employed in such Service; for which there remains due to him, and Owners, a considerable Sum of Money; And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to o'3 Majesty.

A Petition of the Owners and Mailers belonging to the Port of Great Yarmouth, in the Coun y of Norfolk, was presented to the House, and read ting forth, That the Petitioners being employed U5

Majesty's Service, by the Commissioners of Traofp^lf. tion, were to be paid within One Month after their were discharged, there remains due to them considerat> Sums of Money: And praying Relief in the Premif®s* Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to; Majesty.

X>itto.

A Petition of several Merchants, and others, in n.r»d about the City of London, was presented to the I Ion and read; setting forth, That, in the Year 1693,

Commissioners for Transportation hired several Ships or the Petitioners, for his Majesty's Service in the on France;for which there is due to them the Sum of

75»552/. 14s. lid. as appears by an Account stated fc> the Commissioners, besides Interest accrued since: <JL

praying the Consideration of the House, in making <5

Provision for Payment thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petit *1 be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w fa are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to Majesty.

Luna, 13* die Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

A Petition of Edward Hoot on and others, Bone-la.c<^. makers, on the behalf of themselves, and great Num. ner bens of other Persons in their Trade and Dealing, ^e^c#

felling, by Wholesale, residing in the Counties of Bucks,

Prayers. ford,. Northampton, was presented to the House, and

k /f R. Johnson reported from [the Committee, to whom read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, and their Agents

.VA the Bill for Naturalizing of Scipio Guy and James in travelling to fell their made Wares by Wholesale, unto el tier was committed, That they had examined and con- Shopkeepers, who fell the feme again by Retail, are fre*

Vol. XII.

questly

5^4 *3° Martii. 1698.

questfv disturbed and oppressed by Informers, or pretended Officers of the Commissioners for Transportation; sometimes forcibly taking away their Goods, and refilling to deliver them, without confiaerable Sumo; which they have been forced to comply with: And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and state the same to the House.

And it is referred to Lord , Sir Charles Ho-

tham, Mr. Paget, Mr. , Mr. Clayton, Sir Phippard, Mr. Gerard, Mr. Shalot, Lord Sir

Owen Buckingham, Sir Godfrey Copley, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Osborne, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Charles Carteret, Mr. Orme, Mr. Hayes, Sir Walter Young, Mr. Henley, Mr. Hughes, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Will. Drake, Mr. Lowndes, Lord Fair-Jaw, Mr. Phillips: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Woollen Ma- A Petition of the Clothiers, within the Borough of oufodore. Newberry, in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, for many Years past, the greatest Part of our Woollen Cloth hath been transported into Flanders; and that the great Duties laid upon their Goods imported into this Kingdom, hath not only put a Stop to our Trade, for Eight Months past, but hath put them upon letting up the Cloathing-Trade there: And praying some Method may be taken for the preferring our Trade.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee appointed to consider how far, for advancing the Woollen Manufacture, it may be convenient to repeal the last Law of Prohibition of Lace from Flanders.

Carcaffonet's, An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Nau for the Naturalization of John and

others, was read a Second time.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Gerrard, Dr. Davenant, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Trenchard, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Stringer, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir

Charles Cartaret, Sir Samuel Sir Edward

Hungerford, Mr. Chetwynd, Mr. Orme, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Cooper, Sir John Bland, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Bamardiston: And they are to meet at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Bedwln Ordered, That the Inhabitants of the Borough of Bed-

Election. win, in the County of Wilts, have Leave to withdraw their Petition, touching the Election for the said Borough.

Andrew's An ingrossed Bill for Sale of the Manor of Darcnham, Eto.it. in the County of Essex, the Estate of Sir Francis Andrews', and for buying and settling other Lands to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Refoked, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for sale of the Manor of in the County of Essex, the Estate of Sir Francis Andrews; and for buying and settling other I.ands to the same Uses.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and several , of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agredd unto by the House.

Clause B being read a Second time, That no Boat or Barge belonging to the Town of Knottrngley, or other Town on the Banks of the River Ayre, between that and the River Ouze, laden with Lime only, shall be subject to any Duty for passing through any Locks or Weirs, to be erected by this Act; nor pay more than Twelve-pence per Ton, for any other Goods that shall be laden in any Boat or Vessel, passing between Knottingley Dam and the River Ouze only;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It palfed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill with the Amendments, be in-grofied.

The House being acquainted, That John Buller Esquire, AAioo who was Candidate at the Election, for Choice of Members to serve in this present Parliament, for the Bo- officer!* rough of Lifcard, in the County of Cornwall, hath brought

an Action, upon the Statute made in the 7th Year of his Majesty's Reign, against Mr. Richard Roberts, the Mayor of the said Borough, for the Sum of 500l. for making a fa He Return of William Bridges Esquire, although the said Mr. Buller never petitioned against, or questioned, the said Return in this House;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon:

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned until Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Drake, be added Felt-maken to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Alder- TmJe. men, and Stewards of the Company of Felt-makers, in the City of Chester, was referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Papist* whom the Bill for preventing Papists from disinheriting Protestant their Protestant Heirs was committed, be made upon He"8, Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for making the Militia of this Making Kingdom more useful be ifead a Second time Tomorrow roor* Morning. ufefuL

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Mom- Regulating ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Electiow. House, to consider of the Bill for Qualifying of Members to fit in Parliament, and further regulating Elections.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to BTllinfpav whom the Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market for Fife Mart*. Sale of Fish was committed, be made upon Thursday Morning next

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of Tamwmk Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, be made upon Friday Morning next

Ayre and Refoked, That the Report from, the Committee, to Calder Navi- w]10m the Bill for making navigable the Rivers of Ayre gation. and Colder, in the County of York, at the Charge of such Persons as will undertake the feme, was committed, be now received.

Accordingly, Sir John Bland reported from the said Committee, That they had examined and considered the feme, and the several Petitions referred to the said Committee; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the

id

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re- state oftb* solved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to Navjr. consider further of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

- Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Refoked, That this House will, upon Wednesday

Morning

11 W. III. 130 — 14 585

Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Committees. Ordered', That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the Iloule adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mortis, 14* Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

~DICIIARD Legg, Charles L'Anglais, John Peter * Desbordcs, liene GrangJames Burrcau, Lewis

Rival, John Rivasson, De Barnard

guilheni, Paul Arundel/, De Ancour, Peter La Chappelle, John Stonebloch, Lambert Van Michael Benedict,

Richard Franhs, Jacob David Renevad, Augustus

De Coutiers, Daniel CheBoiragon, Peter Rival, Peter DeCofnc, Peter De MDumcuy, John Char-

del late, Stephen Ron jut,

taine, Gabriel Champion, Thomas

Augustus Duquery, Peter John Luchzrood,

Arnold Lestce, and Peter Cucolt, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

Privilege of Ordered, That the Matter upon the Petition of the a Member in £ari of Radnor be heard by the Committee of Privileges s,ut* and Elections upon Thursday in the Afternoon.

English are, to make their Pewter fine, and being fep-plied from hence at low Rates, do so adulterate the fame, that they can under-fell the English in foreign Countries:

And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, w ho shall consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of Henry Lane, and others, in behalf of Army theml'elves, the Widows, and Relations of the Soldiers, Arreara> who served in the Regiment late commanded by Colonel Kirk, now- by Brigadier Selwyn, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, for their Service in the said Regiment, there is due to them, for their Arrears and Subsistence, from the Year 1690, to the Year 1692,

>14/. 17 s.9 d.a Man: That they have often sollicited

Colonel Selwyn for Payment; who informs them, their Money is in their several Captains Hands; but on learch ing the Accounts, it does appear, that the Money was paid to Agent Wallis, who did, by the Brigadier's Order, make good the same to Captain then Pay-

maltcr to the Regiment, and now a Captain in the Brigadier's Regiment: That the Petitioners have been sent backward and forward, without any Effect: And praying,

That the said Agent Wallis may appear, and inform the House in whole Hands the said Money is; and do them Justice therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Cootes Regiment is referred.

Ditto.

Exporting

Tin.

Ordered, That the Matter upon the Petition of the Lady Windham be heard by the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Saturday next, in the Afternoon.

A Petition of the Matter, Wardens, and Commonalty, of the Mystery of Pewterers, of London, on behalf of theml'elves, and all the Pewterers in England; setting forth, That their Trade is in the Manufacture of Pewter; which is made of Tin, the native Commodity of England; and that foreign Nations having learnt that Art, and being supplied with English Tin at low Rates, do lo debate the fame, by mixing the same with Lead, that the English, who by Law, arc obliged to make their Pewter perfectly fine, are by them under-fold in all foreign Markets; so that that Trade will utterly be loft, if not timely prevented: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises, so as the Trade may be prefer ved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who shall consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of Giles Merrick, and others, of the City of Trar.rport Bristoll, Merchants, in behalf of themselves, and the rest Debt, concerned in the Ships Sarah and George, and the Ship Josephand James, was presented to the 1 souse, and read;

setting forth. That the Petitioners did, in the Year '^93» lett to Freight the said Ships, for his Majesty s y5e* to his Majesty's Commissioners of Transport,

Service there is due 929/. 3$. 4 for the Scroll,

1,104 /. 7 s. 4 d. for the George; and 163 /. 4-s- *‘25 2*5 Joseph and James; as by Accounts, Hated in the i>o° of the said Office, do appear: And praying Relie* u manner as to the House shall l'eem meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said *9_

be referred to the Committee of the whole House* vv.\ are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to Majesty.

Ordered, That I save he given to Wing in a Bill to p^c vent the coining Copper Halfpence and Farthings,

One Year longer: And that Sir llichard Onslow,

Lozcther, and Mr. Cholmley, do prepare, and hi,

the Bill.

Copper for Coiuage.

Mr.

Ditto. A Petition of the Stewards and Company of Pewterers, inhabiting in the ancient Borough of Gateshead, in the County Palatine of Durham, w as presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That great Quantities of Tin have been exported from England into foreign Nations, at small Rates; and by mixing the same with Lead, debase the Pewter; so that, thereby, they are enabled to sell the same a great deal cheaper than the Petitioners; which tends to the Decay of Trade, and the Loss of his Majesty's Customs: And praying the Consideration of the House; and Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who shall consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ditto. A Petition of the Masters, Wardens, and Commonalty, of Pewterers, within the Borough of in the County

Palatine of Lancaster, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the ltaple Commodity of Tin made into Pewter hath formerly employed many Families of this Kingdom; but foreign Countries, having now gained that Mystery, and not being obliged, as the Vol. XII.

The Lord Cornbuiyreported from the Committor» 'to &c. Nat

whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled -^*5

Act for the Naturalization of Theophilus \v. and

others, was committed, That they had examined anti fidered the fame; and had made feme Amend thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards livered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w ^re once read throughout; and then a Second time, one one; and, upon the Question severally put there 11 agreed unto by the House.

Sir Robert Marsham, according to Order, presented /

the House a Bill for a Corn-Market at W<- w\. nn the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An .<4$ . for naturalizing Mark Antony Davesscus de , and

others, was read a Second time. c- ^at*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Lord Corn, bury, Mr. Spencer, Colonel Churchill, Mr. Tredenhmn

7 & Mr'

Leave of Absence.

Penalties on Embezzlement of Prizes,

Vyner's

Creditors.

Colunibiere's, &c. Nat.

Meoles' Nat.

Lloyd's, &c. Nat.

St. Eloy's Nat.

Jones'

Eftute.

Orders of the Day.

58(5? 140 Martii. 1698.

Mr. Morgan, Major-General Erie, Sir Richard Cox, Sir Robert Colton, Mr. Trenchard, Sir Cha. Shuckbourgk, Mr Ash, Sir Samuel Barnardiston Mr. England, Mr. Povey, Mr. Dyolt, Admiral Hopson, Sir William Ashurst,

Mr. Fortefcne, Sir Thomas Day, Mr. Sir

Robert Napper, Mr. Mounstevcns, Mr. Sir IVm,

Coriton, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Hcn/y, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hayes, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Jaxoifc, Mr. Rydei', Mr. Osborne: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Mr. Price have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Cox have I.eave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for repealing a Clause ip an Act, made in the Third and Fourth Years of his Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for continuing the Afits for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouraging of Privateers; whereby the Commanders of his Majesty's Ships, in the late War, are made liable to the Forfeiture of ,500 /. for every Embezzlement; and for preventing the Execution of the said Clause for what is past: And that Colonel Churchill and Mr. Hammond do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That, when the said Bill shall be brought in, the same do lie upon the Table for Three Days, before the same be read.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A fit for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Vyner Knight and Baronet, deceased, was read the Third time.

An iugrolled Clause was ottered, as a Rider, on the behalf of one Mr. GreenhiU:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Refohced, That the Bill do pais.

Ordered, That Sir John Thorold do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Sir Lacoti William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have pnffod a Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Antony Columbicre, and others: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize John Meoles, without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize William Lloyd, Cornelius Dc Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd, without any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Isaac -quest de St. Eloy, without any Amendments.

And then the Mefl'engers withdrew.

A Bill for vetting the Estate late of Charles Jones Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Roynon Jones, Son of the said Charles Jones, and William ton, and Anne his Wife, Grand-daughter of the said Charles Jones, pursuant to Agreements made between them for that Purpose, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Proby, Mr. Cox, Mr. Mounstevcns, Mr. Prohert, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Lout her, Mr. Stringer, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. White, Mr. Hancock, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Br. Stapleton, Sir William Cooke, Mr. Rmvny, Sir Jacob Ashley, M r. Morgan, Mr. Freeman:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Ordered, That the Orders for the Business appointed for the Day be read every Day at Twelve a Clock.

19

A Petition of Owners and Matters of Ships, in and about the City of London was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by the late Duty of Five Shillings per Chaldron upon Coals shipped and landed in England, the Exportation and Navigation of Coal Coastways, mutt be, by the Continuance of tins Imposition, lessened and dirr.inished almost One Half: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pound One Shilling Eleven-pence Three-farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this Hotlfe will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufiiion to the said Committee, '1 hat they do take care, that no Person do afit as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Afit, in any County at large, that was not taxed in the same County for the Value of 50/. per Annum, by virtue of the lau Afit for Three Shillings in the Pound.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That it be an Instrufition also to the said Committee, That they do take care, that no Attorney or Sollicitor, prafitifing as fuel), do afit as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Afit, in any County at large;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the Question, by leaving outil in any County at large

And the Question being put, That the Words " in any County at large " stand Part of the Question;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That it he an Instrufiiion allb to the said Committee, That they do take care, that no Attorney or Sollieitor, prafitifing as such, do aft as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Afit.

Ordered, That it be also an Instrufiiion to the said Committee, That they do take care, that no Receiver or Colltfitor of any 'faxes do afit as a Commissioner in the Execution of the said Afit.

Ordered, That the Members of the House do bring in to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed, such additional Names, to those in the last Afit for Three Shillings in the Pound, as they shall think fit, to be Commissioners for the Execution of the said Afit.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy do lay before this House an Account of what Monies, Tallies, or other publick Efi'efits, they have in their Hands, and upon what Funds; and to what Uses the same are direfiled.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the impowering Commissioners to examine, take, and state, the publick Accounts of the Kingdom: And that the Lord Cheine, Mr. Pierpoint, and Mr. Bridges, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of tire whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the Augmentation of some Vicarages be read the Third time Tomorrow Morniqg.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the

elefiting

Duty on Coals.

Supply Bill Laud lax.

Monies in Hands of Navy Commi (Loners.

Commissioners of Public Accounts.

Making Militia mort useful.

Committees.

Augmenting

Vicarages.

Huntingdon

Writ*

Supply.

Claims for £riz* s.

Exporting

Tin.

Ditto*

11 w. III.

14° — 15 "Martii.

58 7

electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Huntingdon, in the room of Robert Throgmorton Esquire, deceased.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itfelt into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 15* Martii;

A Petition of divers Pewterers, inhabiting within the Ex Town of CamWidge, and Isle of Ely, w as presented to the Tu£0rtln*

House, and read; setting forth, That they find a general Decay in their Trade, which, they conceive, is occafiqned by the Fineness of our English Pew ter; that Foreigners, buying the same at under Rates, and mixing the same with Lead, do under-fell them in foreign Markets: Ancj praying tome Remedy may be used to restore and pve-serve their Trade both at home and abroad.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who shall consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

ow

Undccimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Pr

AYERS.

JOE TER Chasseloupand Moses Jacqueau took the

Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

A Petition of Roger Greir, on behalf of himself, and one John Wells, and Mary Rurghart Widow of John

Burghart, deceased, and one William , and Thomas Hall, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner did heretofore belong to the Ship called the Phoenix, in the Service of the Roya Company; and was actually on board her the 12th of August itiSq, when (lie took from the French the Ship called the Sancta Maria, in the River embay, on the Coal! of Guinea; and that he did afterwards belong to the Ship America, wherein he w as afitually at the Taking of another French Ship called the Lorea, in the River on the Coast of Guinea, on the 20th of December 1(191; at which time he w as also at the Taking of the Island and Factory of Bissau, and the Islands of Siniga/l and Gorey, in Africa, from the French: That the African Company have converted the said Ships and Cargo, and what was taken in the said Mauds, to their ownUfe, without allowing the Petitioners any Reward, or paving them their W ages: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table,

A Petition of the Pewterers trading within the City of Durham was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Working of Tin into Pewter, and manufacturing the same into Wares, did formerly employ great Numbers of People; but, by rcalon of the great Encouragement Foreigners now have to buy Tin here unw rought at ealy Rates, and working the same into Pew ter much coarser than the Laws permit the Pewterers of England to do, the English Trade beyond Sea is very much decayed; and, if not speedily prevented, will be utterly loft: And praying l'uch Methods and Ways may be taken to jirelerve the said Trade as the House shall think fit.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who shall consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of the Matters, and others the poor Workmen, of the Mystery of Pew terers of the City of Bristol, in the behalf of themselves, and others professing the feme Art, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That their Trade is very much decayed, by Foreigners being supplied with our Tin at low Rate?; who mixing the same with Lead, which, by tlx: Law, the Petitioners cannot do, do under-fell them in foreign Markets: And praying feme means may be used to prevent the feme for the future.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who shall consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Vol. XII.

A Petition of Thomas Bulkley Esquire, and Edmund D,ty < Perkins Esquire, on behalf of themselves, and others, Coals. Proprietors of Salt-works, in Lymington, in the County of Southampton, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by the Duty laid on water-borne Coals and Culm, the Petitioners cannot make their Salt, and fell it at so low a Price as the Salt-Proprietors at Newcastle can bring the irs to Lymington, and fell it; they paying above Six times as much for the feme Quantity of Coals and Culm as they do at Newcastle; whereby the Petitioners will be constrained to lay down their Works, and thereby lose the Benefit of their Estates therein; and the King's Revenue will be lessened near 20,000 /. per Annum: And praying, That the Duty on Coals and Culm consumed in Making of Salt may be taken off, or made general, that so the Trade may be put upon an equal Footing.

Ordered, That the said Petition do He upon the Table.

A Petition of AndrewStucky, and others, was presented TranspoTt to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners Debu did, in the Year 1693, left their respective Ships or Vessels to freight to the Commissioners for Transportation, or their Agents; for which Service they are not satisned, by reason, as they believe, there has not any certain Fond, as yet, been appointed for paying off the feme: praying, That there may be feme competent and Lp

Means taken therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said petit-®^ be referred to the Committee of the whole House, "A are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to 11 Majesty.

A Petition of the Owners and Matters of Ships longing to the Town of Ipfxcich, and uling the e Trade, was presented to the House, and read; setting? forth, That the late Imposition of Five Shillings Chaldron laid upon Coals hath occasioned great Mi (chi to the Petitioners; for although it is suggested, that Buyer pays the Duty, yet they are highly sensible the Inr1-porter pays the Duty; for that the greater Part of ping concerned therein the last Year, were so far fro sru getting any thing towards their Adventure, that the^T were considerable Losers thereby; That the Buildinej «-» F Ships, in all the Coast-Towns concerned in the said Trad 9-is likely to be wholly laid aside; for want whereof njan^ Families will be ruined: And praying the said Duty m.£ be taken off.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Tab»l<

A Petition of the Coal-owners, Fitters, Matters of Shi p»<=c. s n. Mariners, and other Inhabitants, in and near the Tow mtj and Port of Sunderland, was presented to the House, an cf read; setting forth. That the Petitioners, being deep»|_y sensible of the growing Decay of the Collier Navigation^ the Breed and Nursery of Seamen of this Kingdom; anc/ humbly conceiving the said Decay to proceed from thG Imposition of f, s. per Chaldron on Sea-Coals, carried Coastwise; pray the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to j;,

whom Kg*

588 150 Mar Hi. . 1698.

whom the Bill for making the Town of Liverpool a distinct a Bill to suppress the Royal Oak lottery, and other Lot- Supp^Obg Parish from the Parish of Walton was committed, be tcries: And the same was received. Lotteries,

made Tomorrow Morning at Eleven a Clock. Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Guy's, &c. Nat.

An ingrossed Bill for naturalizing ScipioGuy and James Peltier w as read the Third time.

Jh,solved. That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Scipio Guy, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Rubefllneres', An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Nat. for the Naturalization of and

others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Carteret do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which ( they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Exporting Sir Robert Davers, according to Order, presented to Wool. the House a Bill for the more eff'efctual preventing the Exportation of Wool from And the same w as

received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Saturday Morning next.

Carcafibnet's Mr. Gerrard reported from the Committee, to whom &c. Nat. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Naturalization of FranDe and others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Penn's Eft ate. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

for enabling George PEl'quire to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned ....

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do

pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Trenchard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Columbiere's, An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c. Nat. for naturalizing Antony Columbiere, and others, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

H'woh's Mr. Brothcrtonpresented to the House a Bill for the

Eftute. Sale of the El'tate of Z enHough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Writs of An ingrossed Bill, for the limiting certain Times within

Error. which Writs of Error shall be brought for the reverting

Fines, Common Recoveries, and ancient Judgments, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the limiting certain Times within which W rits of Error shall be brought for the reverting Fines, common Recoveries, and ancient Judgments.

Ordered, That Mr. Thursby do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto,

Ayr* and Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill for the making the wiion NaV1" ^‘vers -Ayrt and Colder, in the CouHty of York, naviga-a ble, be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next.

M 1. Perry, according to Order, presented to the House

V

An ingrossed Bill for the Augmentation of some Vi- Augmenting carages, was read the Third time. ' icarage*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for settling Augmentations on certain Vicarages for ever.

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Company of Pewterers in the City of Exporting York, and County of the feme, together with the Pew- ,ln-terers in the Town and County of Kingston upon Hull, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Tin of this Kingdom is so improved by Art, that the Wares made thereof have a very near Refeinblance of Silver; and that several Laws have been made to preserve the Manufefturing thereof to the Subjects of this Kingdom; but, since Encouragement hath been given to the Exportation of Tin unwrought, by the linall Duty now upon it, the same is adulterated in foreign Nations, arid sold at Under-rates, to the Ruin of many Families in England: And praying, That a higher Duty may be laid on all unwrought Tin exported, and due Encouragement given to the Exportation of wrought Tin or Pewter Wares.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Mr. Hoblynreporter!, from the Committee, to w'hom Claims for the Petition of Captain Josins Crow, and thcAnswer of the ^nz"* late Commissioners for Prizes thereunto, and the Petition of Colonel Richard Kirk-by, were referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, in relation to the said Petition, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table, and is as followeth; viz.

As to the Petition of Captain Crow:

That it was admitted, by the Commissioners for Prizes, that Captain Crow took the Ship St. John of sent her into Plymouth; and that flic was afterwards delivered to the Commissioners of the Prize-Ofliee, and condemned by the Admiralty; as in the said Petition is alleged.:

That, by the Account delivered by the Commissioners of the Prize-Office to Captain Crow, in September lal't, and by which Account the Captain was paid, there is an Omission of 34 Hogsheads of Wine, amounting to 51/. as plainly appears by the Account given in to the Committee; wherein the said 34 Hogsheads are entered; and in Two of the Books of Accounts belonging to the Prize-Office, produced by Mr. Buck ridge, Accountant to the Commissioners of Prizes, relating to the said 34 Hogsheads of Wine, and to the Balance of that Account, there are Alterations and Interlineations made by the said Mr. Buck- / ridge, and Mr. Proud foot his Clerk, by Mr. Buck ridge*

Direction; and was 1b owned by them, at their Examination before the Committee; but Bfeid, That the Commissioners knew' nothing of it.

That the Commissioners proved, by Vouchers, the particular Items of their Account, delivered in to the Committee, in relation to the Ship St. John.

That Janies MelUfont, John Collaand Mr. Shepherd, all feid, That there was publick Notice given of the Sale of the Cargo of the Ship St. John, upon the Exchange,

14 Days before Sale.

That Mr. Rigdenfeid, That he bought, at a publick Sale, by Inch of Candle, out of the St.John, 84 Hogsheads of Wine, 46 Shillings per Tun, he being the highest Bidder: And that there was Mr. Lambert, Mr. David, and Mr. Tomkins, concerned with him therein:

That Mr. David feid, He w'as concerned with Mr.

Regden for 21 Hogsheads; and paid for them 46 a Tun.

That Mr. Shepheard laid, He sent his Cooper to see the Wines; and thinking the re might be a Collusion, was in

Hopes

11 W III. . 15* Martii:

Hopes to have had a Penyworth; but when his Cooper law them, lie gave him no Encouragement to buy any, the Wines were so damaged.

That an Officer 'from the Custoa-tioufe attended on the Committee, and gave in an Account what Duties were paid for the Ship St. Joh:

And the find Account was compared with the Commissioners of Prizes Books, and agreed therewith; and the Duties of the said 34 Hogsheads were paid by John James David, who bought them of Mr.:

That Mr.. Harrison, on the 13th of April 1698s bought 34 Hogsheads of Burdeua and White Wine, at a private Sale, at the Prize-Office, at 61, per Tun, belonging to the Ship St. John, after the same had been twice let of at publick Sale.

That the Auditor of the Exchequer attended, with the Book delivered into that Office by the Commissioners of

Prizes:

And the said 34 Hogsheads of Wine is interlined in that Book, as well as in the other Books, after the stud Account delivered to Captain Crone, upon which Iris Petition was grounded.

That Mr. Jacobson said, without Favour or A Section, That the Commissioners acted fairly, and always made the belt of the Sales to any Person; and that he acted for some Persons that made a Claim to the Goods; and that any Person was free to buy at any of the Sates.

That Mr. Shepherd declared, That he was at several private Sales, and never found any Difference between publick and private Sales, lave only that no Inch of Candle was let up at the private Sales; 14 Days Notice was always given, and the Wines twice set up at publick Sales, before any private Sale was made.

That Thomas Tomkins laid, That he was present at the Sale to Harrison, the 13th of April, and the Wines were

twice let up publickly, before the private Sale; and that there were Three or Four hundred Tun; but he bought none, thinking them too dear, being set up at 61, per Tun; and he could have had them at 4/. per Tun, at one of the publick Sales; and, at a Second publick Sale, he bid 51.; but could not have them under 61. Tun at a private Sale.

That Mr. Degraves said, He was at the publick Sale,

when the Wines were let up at Tun; but he

bought none, thinking them too dear; and what private Sales he was at were at the Prize-Office:

That he was at a publick Sale of the Wines of the Ship St. John, on the behalf of Captain Good and Captain Lestock; and it was fair, and was at Coffee-

house; when they were put up act 3 /. per Tun, but no Sale was then had; but publick Notice of 14 Days was given, that a Sate should be at the Prize-Office; and the Wines set up at 61, and were bought by Harrison at that Price, who, he believes, loft by them; and there were several Persons at the Sale; but he bought none of the Wines, thinking them too dear.

And that the Committee, upon the whole Matter, came to the following Resolutions: viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Captain Crow had just Cause of Complaint, by rea-l'on 34 Hogsheads of Wine, taken in die St. , was not mentioned in the Account delivered to him by the Commissioners of the Prize-Office, the 2oth of September last; and by which his Dividend was made, and paid.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Captain Crow, by reason of the 34 Hogsheads of Wine not being brought to Account, was defrauded of his Share and Part of 51 /. the Product of the said Wines.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Books and Accounts produced by Mr. ridge, Accountant of the Prize-Office, relating to the said 34 Hogsheads of Wine, and to the Balance of that Account, are altered, defaced, and interlined, by the said Mr. Buckridge. and Mr. Prou his Clerk, by the

Direction of the said Mr. Buckridge.

And that as to the Petition of Colonel:

Vol. XII.

That it appeared to the said Committee, That Cclo- ci nel Kirkby, Commander of his Majesty's Ship the South- Pru^8 fw ampton, cruising in the Straits, in Company with the Plimouth, Carlisle, Newcastle, Falmouth, and Adventure,

was, the 18th of January 1694, instrumental, together with the Plimouth, and Carlisle, in the Surprising, and Taking of the Ship Content,a French Man of War, alter a

hot Dispute, and long Engagement; and his Ship almost difobted: And that, at the same time, the Ship Trydertt was taken by the Falmouth and Adventure, and both the said Ships, so taken, have been since fitted out, and pat into the King's Service:

That the said Colonel Kirkby had been, almost everfince, beyond Lbe Seas, in his Majesty's Service, and has had no Satisfaction for his Share and Dividend of the said Ships, as lie ought to have, according to the Act of Parliament, made 4th and 5th Guliel. # Maria, intituled,

An Act for continuing the Acts for prohibiting all Trade and Commerce with France; and for the Encouragement of Privateers.

That John Tty lor and Robert Shepherd said. That the Account the Colonel has given is true, as to the Taking of the Ship Content.

That Mr. Springall, Surgeon of the Southampton, declared, That they had Seven Men wounded when the Ship Content was taken:

And one Jeremiah Andrews agrees with Springall, as to the wounded Men.

That it likewise appeared to the said Committee, That the said Ships never came to the Commissioners of Prizes Hands; and that they could give no Account of them:

That it was therefore ordered, That the Commissioners of the Navy should give an Account how the said Ships were disposed of; what Satisfaction was madetothe Captains that took them; and who they were by Name:

Accordingly, an Order, dated the 6th of May 1697, was delivered to the Committee, from the Commissioners of the Navy, which was sent to them from the Lords of the Admiralty:

And it appears by the said Order, That the Lords of the Admiralty directed, That Captain Norris, Commander of the Carlisle, should be paid, by the Navy-Board, One-third Part of the Valuation of the said Ship Content,

1,389/. 8$. o d.according to the Apprailement; »o<A a}°

10/. for each Gun (he had on board when taken,

Fifty-four, 540/.; the whole amounting to 1,929/. 8^- *

and to Captain Grantham and Captain ',

manders of the Falmouth and Adventure, for the 1,005/. 6s. 8 d.;and for their Allowance of Gunnag^i *or 42 Guns, 420/.; the Whole amounting to 1,425 I-

8 d; to be distributed amongst them, their Officers, and Ships Companies, as is directed by A6fc of Parliament But, by the said Order, no Direction is given for Satisfaction to be made to Colonel Kirkby, though, t he Sentence of Condemnation of the said Ship, it is That the Content and Trident were taken by certain. Ships of the Navy Royal, in the Mediterranean;

without particularizing any; of which Number itappeara to the Committee, that Colonel Kirs Ship, the —

ampton, was One.

And that, upon the whole Matter of the said Petitiowrm* the Committee came to these following Resolutions;

Rejbked, That it is the Opinion of this Committ^s^, That the Captains and Mariners of all Men of War, — of

any Squadron that engaged, surprised, or took, a M -y French Ship or Ships of War, ought to have a Part of the Value of such Ship or Ships, after Sale, rl vided between them.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Commit That Colonel Kirkby, Commander of his Majesty's S 1> Southampton, did actually engage and Fight the Frcrzc

Man of War, the Content, and much disabled the Ship; by means of Which the said Ship was taken in the Mediterranean, at the same time the Trident was taken.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That the Plymouth, Southampton, Carlisle, Newcastle,

Adventure, and Falmouth, being concerned in the Engag-

7 L in&

Recovery of

Small

Tythes.

A Matter falls upon Debate.

Re draining Officers fitting in the House.

Regulating

Eie&ioni.

Hamburgh

Company.

Jones' Estate.

State of the Navy.

Committee*.

59° 15* —

ing, Surprising, and Taking, of the Two French Men of War, the Content and Try dent, in the Mediterranean, the Captains, Mariners, and Seamen, of all and every of the said Men of War, are intitled and ought to have their respective Shares and Dividend Of the Value of the said Two French Men of War, and to /. for each Gun, according to the Act of Parliament.

Resotoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Colonel Kirkby, and his Ship's Company, notwithstanding the y were very instrumental in taking the Ship Contetit, having several Men wounded, and his Ship disabled, have not had any Part, Dividend, or Share, of the said Ship Content; but that the Third Part of the said Ship, and 10 /. for each Gun, hath been ordered to be paid, by Warrant of the Lords of the Admiralty, to Captain Norris, contrary to the said Act of Parliament.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, take the said Report into Consideration.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to continue the Act for the more easy recovery of small Tythes; And that Mr. Freeman and Mr. Boyle do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate relating to

Mr. Btiller:

And, after a long Debate, the same fell, without any thing done thereupon.

An ingossed Bill to restrain the Number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons was, according to Order, read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to restrain the Number of Officers fitting in the House of Commons.

Ordered, That Sir John Bolls do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Cocurrence thereunto.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Seven-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Qualifying of Members to fit in Parliament, and further regulating Elections.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition relating to the Hamburgh Company was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr. Blisse, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Danby Mr. Freeke, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Tho. Day, Mr.

Hoar, Mr. Kent, Colonel Kirkby, Sir John Rogers, Mr.

Parkhurst, Mr. Philips, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for vesting the Estate late of Charles Jones Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be conveyed to Roynon Jones, Son of the said Charles, was committed.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, re-lolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow -Morning, Eight a Clock.

0 Martii. . 1698.

Jervis, 16* die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii

Prayers.

pETER Delrieu took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

A Bill for the Ships John and William, and Industry, Ships John to trade as free Ships, was read the First time. and William,

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time. an,i Induftl7-

A Bill for naturalizing Richard Legg was read a Second L*gg'3 Nat. time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowther,

Colonel Kirkby, Sir Henry Bellasis, Mr. Clayton, Mr. Freeman, Sit James Hubland, Mu England, Mr.

Mr. Morgan, Sir Charles Carteret, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr.

Bernardiston, Sir Samuel Bamardiston, Lord Mr.

Paget, Sir Baszvell Dixwell, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Bridges,

Mr. Philips, Colonel Godfrey, Mr. Mounstevens, Mr.

Booth, Mr. Cooke, Sir Bevill Granville, Mr. Hughes, Mr.

Hancock: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight of the Clock, in the Speaker's Chambers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, who Abuses in are to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the King's Bench Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Samuel Bernardiston reported from the Committee, Vesey'i to whom the Bill to enable Dudley Veseyx an Infant, to Estate. fell an Estate in Hintlesham, in the County of Suffolk, for the Payment of his Debts, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

Sir Thomas Daoall, according to Order, reported from Billingsgate the Committee, to whom the Bill for making Billingsgate FiihMurket. a free Market for Sale of Fish was committed, That they had considered the fame, and the several Petitions to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, feme of them were disagreed, and the rest agreed, unto by the House.

A Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That nothing therein should prejudice the Rights, Privileges, and Payments, now due and payable to his Majesty's Toiver of London, or Chief Governor of the fame;

The same was once read:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time j

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, touching the Town of Yarmouth;

And the Question being put. That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered to be added to the Bill,

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause being offered to the House, That whosoever shall come to fell any I'ifli at the said Market,

shall expose the same to View, that the Quantity and Quality thereof may be fully known to all Persons; and, in default thereof, shall forfeit

The feme was once read:

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved,

11 W. III.

16' — X70 Martii.

591

Browne's

Nat

Leave of Absence.

Liverpool*

Parish.

Leave of Absence.

Grants from the Crown.

Supply.

Suppressing

Lotteries.

Methold's

Estate.

Resolved, That the Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Sir Lacon William Child:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An A ftfor naturalizing Captain Thomas Browne To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Jekill, Chief Justice of Chester, have Leave to go that Circuit.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Town of Liverpoole to build a Church, and endow the same by their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton; be made upon Saturday Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Brewer have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Lord William Pawlett have Leave to go into the Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Taylor, of Dorsetshire, have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. James Mountague, Chief Justice of Ely, have Leave to go that Circuit.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowndes do lay before this House the Book of Copies of Grants after the Year 1660, which he did the last Year; and also an Account of all Grants made fmce the First Day of January 1697.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill to suppress the Royal Oak Lottery, and other Lotteries, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar, Mr. Kent, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for veiling Part of the Estate of Thomas Met hold Esquire in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 1,200l. expended in the Improvement of the said Estate, was committed.

Veneris, 17* die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

pH IL IP Villerlexu, took the Oaths appointed, in order to his Naturalization.

The Lord Combury reported from the Committee, to jyr whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Nat!Cal *,5tc' Act for naturalizing Mark-Anthony Davesseus de Moncal, and David Lockes, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment:

And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Combury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That, this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment

Sg*s Nat.

Mr. Lmither reported from the Committee, to whom l* the Bill to naturalize Richard.Legg was committed. That they had examined and considered the fame; and made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question thereupon severally put, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

A Bill for a Corn-Market at Westminster was read a

o j Corn ^|arK«.

Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Robert Marsham, Sir Robert Nappier, Colonel Crawford, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, M-r.

Lowndes, Lord Combury, Mr. St. Johns, Major Mr. Ash, Mr. Osborne, Captain Blissc, Mr. Drake,

Bas. Dixwell, Mr. Crane, Dr. D Sir ~,ac.

Banks, Mr. Howard, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Mr-

Mr. Secretary Vernon, Mr. Freeman, Sir JVrn. CJory 0

Mr. Cowper, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Knight, Mr.

Mr. Montague, Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Carteret,

Mr. Ryder: And they are to meet this Afternoon, the Speaker's Chamber, at Five a Clock.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Skinners, lovers,

Tawers and Drafters of Leather, resorting to the M^r.e holden at the Borough of Pontefract, in the West of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the high Duties laid upon C-O1" ther, and the great Penalties they are liable unto; and that the Officers appointed to collect the said Duties oftentimes, instead of informing the Petitioners t:L»eir Duty touching the said Act, extort great Sums of from them; threatening to inflict the Penalties of the said Act, unless they comply with their unreasonable Dema.n s;

to the Discouragement of their Trades, and Ruin of tl a eir Families: And praying the said high Duties may be talc off, by repealing the said . Act.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Ta

on

Frauds b Agent oi

Packet-boats.

Ordered, That Mr. Mr. Philips, Mr. Henley, Mr. Chomley, Mr. Sir Wm. Ashurst, Sir

Richard Cox, Sir Wm. St. Qjdntin, Mr. Fleming, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir Walter Youttg, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John Russell Gentleman is referred.

Privilege of Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of the a Member in Earl of Radnor, be heard by the Committee of Privi-a 8uit* leges and Elections upon Saturday next, in the Afternoon.

Ditto. Ordered, That the Matter, upon the Petition of the

Lady Windham, be heard by the Committee of Privileges and Elections upon Tuesday next, in the Afternoon.

Committees, Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock,

Vo l.XII.

;n

A Petition of the Fellmongers, Leather-dressers,

Glovers, of the Borough of Whitney, in the County /* Oxon, with several other Places near about the said JB60. rough, in the same County, was presented to the Hou Ah and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have in all times famous for the Drafting of Alum-I^athier and Making of Gloves j and thereby, been able to provide for their Families: But, fioce the Act for laying

Duty on all Leather drafted in Alum, their Trade is very much decayed; and many Families, employed by the Petitioners formerly, are now in Want: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition

Ditto.

Googb

Duty on Leather.

Colum-biere's, &c. Nat,

CarcafTo-net's, &c. Nat.

Qaifus foe

Prizes.

Recovery of

Small

Tythes.

Copper

Coinage,

Papists

Protestant

Heirs.

592 17° Mar Hi. A. 1698.

A Petition of the Tanners, Glovers, Sadlers, Leather-cutters, Curriers, and Shoemakers, Tefiding and inhabiting within the County of Montgomery, was presented to the Houi'e, and read; setting forth, That die Duty imposed upon Leather, by the Act made in the 8th and qth Years of his now Majesty's Reign, hath so impoverished the Leather-Trade, that fevered of the Petitioners are, for want of Employ, become chargeable to the several Parishes wherein they inhabit: And praying Relief, in such manner as die ilooie shall think woft reasonable.

Ordered, That the fetid Petition do tie upon the Table.

An iogrofied Bill from the Lards, inti tided. An Act for naturalizing Anthony Cohtmbiere, and others, was read the Second time.

Resolved*, That the Bill be committed to Mr. St. John, Admiral Hobson, Lard Combury, Mr. For fescue, Mr. Bridges, Sir Charles Carteret, Mr. Holmes, Mr. Carta'et, Mr. Montague, Mr, Trenchant, Mr. Drake, Mr. Moun-stevern, Sir Richard Cor, Mr. Gerard, Sir Jacob Banks, Colonel Craw ford, Mr. Smith, Major Morgan, Sir Stephen Leonard, Sir Theop. Ogle thorp, Mr. Worsley, Sir Bevill Granville, Mr. Hoar, Sir Ja. Haw, Mr. Sir

Jo. Rogers, Mr. Dyot, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Mr.

Hughes, Mr. Clayton: And they are to meet at Five a Clock tills Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ad ingrafted Rill, from the Lor&, intituled, An for Naturalizing of John Francis de Carcassomt, and others, was read the Third Time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Gerrard do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That the House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

A Petition of Archibald Purvis, James Dehordes, and Charles Burton, Lieutenants of the Marines, was preferred, to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have been at the Taking of several Prizes; and that their several Captains do deny them their Dividends: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration Of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Crow was referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Mr. Freeman, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for continuing the Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Lowther, according to Order, presented to the House a Rill to prevent the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence for One Year: And the feme was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir Rithard Cocks reported- from the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent Settlements made by Papists from disinheriting, their Protestant Heirs was committed!, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read througliout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question thereupon severally put, agreed onto by the House*

A Claude was offered, to: be added to the Bill, That no voluntary Settlement, or Will, Fine, Common Recovery, or collateral Warranty, or arty Forfeiture, Surrender, or Seizure, in any Copyhold Court, to be made, levied, or suffered, of any Manors* Meffisagesy Lauda, or Hereditaments, by any Quaker* after the Day of shall be effectual to deprive or bar any Person, who shall be baptized, or conform to the Liturgy of the Church of England, at their Age of Discretfon.vfrreb Pfer-23

Ion being Heir at Law, or entitled to the Reversion; but the same shall be void: And that any Conveyance to be made by any Quaker, for any Consideration left than Parts of the Value of any Lands, Tenements, oy Hereditaments, shall be accounted as a Mortgage only; and be redeemable by such Heir at Law, or those in Reversion or Remainder, in like manner as aforesaid:

And the Question being pat, That the Clause be read;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill,

That the Heir of any Protestant, who, fiuce the Refutation of Ch. the lid, hath been educated a Papist, shall be excluded inheriting any Ell ate in this Kingdom; and that such Protestant Relation or Parent may legally fell, or otherwise dispose of, such Estate to such of their Pro-testaat Kindred as they shall think fit; and such lineal Descent, or former Settlement, shall be null and void:

And the feme was once read.

And the Question being put. That the Clause be read a Second time;

It palfed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir Wtn. St. Quintin, General 7Dish

Mr. Irelon, be added to the Committee, to whom the Arrear*

Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment was referred.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom Sedgmor* the Bill for opening the ancient Roynes and Watercourses Drainage, in Sedgmore in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, was committed, be made Tomorrow. Morning.

A Petition of Captain Francis Sanderson was presented Half-pay. to the House, and read; setting forth, That he hath served in the War, as Captain of Foot, under the Command of Colonel Tidcomb, ever since the Beginning thereof, until he was vHited with a violent, lingering Sickness; and agreed, by reason his Majesty's Service should not be neglected, that his Company should be disposed of: And praying, the Premises considered, he may receive a Share of the Bounty designed for disbanded Officers.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Windham have Leave to go Leave of into the Country for a Month, upon extraordinary Oc- Absence. cafions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Apprehend-whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecutin^ ing Felons, and Puniffiing, of Felons that commit Burglary, or Hoafebreaking, or Robbery in Shops or Warehouses, was committed, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Mr. Pagitt reported from the Committee, to whom Trent the Bill for making the River 7 )rnt, in the Counties of Navigation. Lebxster, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, was committed,

That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read1 throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be mgroffedt

Mr. Sergison, from the Commissioners of the Navy, Money in according to Order, presented to the House an Account Navy Tmi-of whet Money, Tallies, and Malt-Tickets are remaining surer 6Hand*' in the Trcefurer of the Navy's Hands, of what hath been certified to be received of him for the Service of the Navy, over and above the Assignments made by the Navy-Board; with the Funds the said Tallies are struck upon, and to what Uses the same are directed.

The Title whereof was read:

And the Account is as followeth; viz.

Navy-

c

M

D

(a

n'

CD

Q_

o

o

eg

FT

Navy-Office, 17 March 1698.

£ An ACCOUNT of what Monies, Tallies, and Malt Lottery-Tickets, are remaining in the Treasurer of the Navy's Hands, of what hath been certified to be received by him, for the Service of the Navy, over and above the Assignments made by the Navy-Board; with the Funds the said Tallies are (truck upon; and to what Uses the same are directed: Prepared for the Honourable House of Commons, pursuant to their Directions of the 14th Inilant.

✓ For Payment of Half aY ear's Wages of Prizes.

Applicable M ori nfe - T;*

for Payment of Hills on the Head to the Workmen of the Yards, luol 111®

A - For Seamen s Wages. Register-Office. Regiment.

of Wear and Tear. on the Head of Wear and Tear. Thirds. Tenths.

£. s. d. £ s. d. £ Sm d. > v J £. s. d. £ s. d. £ * d. £ d

In Money 26,538 6 — - — m m 500 0 m 24 4 6 6,593 12 4

Malt Lottery-Tickets - - 40,374 17 7 m m m . 2,300 1,802 — — ...

On the Third 4 s. Aid - - - - 74.903 7 3 m m . ... ... m m m

On the Coal-A61, transferred to the Leather 58,620 7 2 4,926 13 8 -

First 3 $. Aid - 113,829 1 11 m m m mm m m m m m m m m m m m

Duties on Coals - - - - 61,215 2 1 m m «. J V. m m m m m m m . —

In Tallies, < VI Poll-Act 200 - m - m m m m m m m m m m

K On the Additional Excise 5,863 8 11 m _ _ — m m m m m m m m mm m m

.. - Births and Marriages - — mm 803 10 — m m m m m m m m m m m

Fourth 4& Aid - m m mm 455 13 2 - m m m mm m m m m m

.$ % P Os* <New East India Company - 988 2 — m m 60,031 217 4 — -

\ . Total mtm 382,532 '2 11 6,189 16 10 t: ♦*"* > 60,031 2,800 2,019 4 — 24 4 6 n; m.'. I 6,593 12 4

Total.

£ s. d.

33,656 2 10

44,476 17 7

74,903 7 3

63,547 — 10

113,829 1 11

61,215 2 1

200 — —

5,863 8 11

0 GO 10 —

455 13 2

*61,236 6 —

460,190 10 7

V*.

JWe, That what Money is in the Treasurer's Hands for Seamen's Wages, is now paying away to the Ships ordered to be paid off: And that the 60,031/. Tallies, for the Yards, is newly received; and will be paid to the Workmen as (bon as they CUU he turned into Myuey,

mmm -»?

5

jr

Us)

1 , f

mm '

504 170 Mar hi. ^.1698.

Ordered, That the fakl Account do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the Iloule.

Billingsgate The House resumed the adjourned Debate, of Yester-Fish Mamet, day, upon the Clause offered to be added to the Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause being offered, to be added to the Bill, That #

The same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Duties on Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for the Salt. better ascertaining the colle&irfg the Duties on Salt, and

preventing the ill Practices used to defraud the King of the said Duties: And that Mr. Clark, and Mr. Shackerly do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Tamworth Sir Rowland Gwyrm, according to Order, reported, tlettion. from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Tamworth, in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

Upon the Petition of Sir Henry Gough, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of John Chetwynd Esquire to serve for Tamworth:

The Committee fravie examined the Merits of that Election. , i

That, upon the Poll, there was,

For Mr. Guy - . - 221.

For Mv. Chetwyrfd - - 193,

For the Petitioner - - 184.

But the Petitioners! Counsel insisted, That there had been Partiality shewed by the Bailiffs to the Sitting-Members. '; 1 ;.

That the First thinjsj the Committee proceeded upon was, the Right of Election:

That the Petitioner Counsel insisted, That the Right of electing Biifgeffes was in all such as have Freeholds, or pay Scotland Lot, within the said Borough:

That the Sitting Members Counsel did not agree the Right, denying that Freeholders had any Right.

That the Petitioner,' to prove the Right as by them alledged, called several Witnesses;

Mr. Win* Ashley said, That he had known, Elections for Tamworth about 30 Years; and Freeholders were always accepted; and feme Freeholders that lived at Wigingion have cqme and voted: But the said Ashley bath been removed from Seven Years.

Mr. Thomas Latlmey said, That, -at the Election, when Sir Thomas Thynne and Sir Andrew Hacket flood, he voted as a Freeholder; he not then paying Scotland Lot, but a Widow living in his Freehold; and that, he remem-bred, Freeholders, who lived out of Town, voted at that Election: And though there was a Contest at that 'Election, and his Vote objected to by one Allen, then Town-Clerk, as not paying Sept and Lot; yet he was admitted as a Freeholder: And has heard, that Freeholders voted at the Lard Clifford's Election.

Mr. Backhouse said. He had known. Tamworth 30ty Years, and had been at all Elections within that time; particularly at that of Sir Thomas and Sir Andrew

Hackett's; and that Freeholders' were then admitted, though they Jived out of the Borough; particularly Mr. Vlughton of Wigington was admitted: And confirmed Mr. Latimer's Testimony, That he was admitted as a Freeholder, though at first objected to, as not paying Scot

1*

and Lot: And that, at last Election, there was no Objection to Out Freeholders 5 but they voted for the Sitting Members, as well as the Petitioner.

Mr. Samuel Buckland testified. That Out Freeholders voted at Sir Thomas Thymt's Election; and named several that then voted, and at other Elections since. '

That the Counsel for the Sitting-Members, to answer the aforesaid Evidence touching the Right, first produced the Journal of the House; wherein, 2 1670.

upon the Report of the Election for Tamworth, between the Lord Clifford and Mr. Ferrers, it is resolved, That the Right of Election was in tire Bailiffs, and 24 Capital Burgesses, and not in the Populacy.

And called several Witnesses;

Mr. John Vaughton, who had known Elections in Tamworth from the Year 1661: Mr. Wright,

who had lived in Tamworth 51 or 52ty Years: Mr.

Glover, of 70 Years of Age; and was acquainted with the Elections from 1667, inclusive, downwards: Mr.

Charles Baynton, who had been acquainted with Tamworth 30ty Years:

Who spake to several Elections, from the Year 1661; and said, That the Right was in the Bailiffs, Capital Burgesses, and Scotters and Lotters; and that the Out-Freeholders did not pretend any Right till the Year 1679, when the Lord Waymouth, then Sir Thomas Thynne, flood:

And Glover said, more particularly, That he had Two Landlords, Out-Freeholders, who, though they lived but a Mile off, did not pretend to elect: But at Sir Thomas Thynn's Election, there' happened to be one Powell a Bailiff of the Town, who was also Servant to Sir Thomas Thynn; and he admitted all to poll that would: Amongst the rest the Out-Freeholders voted, and have continued to vote since: But they never looked upon them to have any Right; and have been complained of:

And Mr. John Vaughton said, That one Jordan, that was Bailiff with the said Powell, would not sign the Poll at Sir Thomas Thynn's Election, because he thought these Out-Freeholders had no Right

Mr. Tho Dilke said, He could not tell whether the Out-Freeholders were polled by the Agreement of the Candidates; but Mr. Chctwyn and Mr. Guy desired their

1 Poll might be taken by themselves; which was done. Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution; Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to lerve in Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot, and in such Persons as have Freeholds within the said Borough, whether resident in the said Borough or not

That the Committee having settled the Right, the Petitioner's Couufel proceeded to disqualify several Persons that had voted for the Sitting Members:

And called their Witnesses;

Mr. Samuell Zee, Mr. Tho. Farmer, Mr. John Backhouse, Mr. Samuell Brickland: One or more of which gave 'Evidence against Richard Pynor, James Keiling, Win.

Hare, Tho. Orton Shearman, Phill. Needham, Tho. 'Haydon, Tho. Batman, and John Vale:

To which Evidence there was no Answer.

That the Evidence against the other Persons was as. follows;

That Mr. Guy did not pay Scotland Lot, nor was in any Levy.

That William Cox was a Servant to his Mother; and his Mother was in all the Levies.

That John Smith's Mother owned (he was Iloufe-keeper;

But it was acknowleged he was a Butcher, and was in the Poors Levies.

That John Hasledine, Samuell Orton, and Thomas Orton,

live in the same House:

But it was acknowleged, by the Petitioner s Witnesses, That Samuell Orton paid Scotland Lot.

That Edmond Taylor and Christopher Wilcox live together; and Wilcox paid to Levies, but Taylor did not.

That

11 W. III. 17° Mar til

595

That George Wright, and one Francis t{'right are

Inmates to Widow Watkyns: That George was in no Levies before the Election:

But it was acknowleged, That Francis and the Widow

did pay to the Levies jointly.

That John Jordan lives with his Father; und he was in no levies before the Election.

That./o//« Birches Kent did not commence till mas after Election, and one More voted for that House.

That the House Samuel IVa lived in at the Time of the Election, was but i6.y. a Year Kent; and though he w*as charged to the Constable's Levy, he never paid it.

That Thomas Taylor junior, and Francis , live

with Watkyns, in the same House:

Vet acknowleged, That they did pay to the Levies; and the House lmd been divided Two or Three Years.

That Thomas luughtonlives in the same House with Arthur Alcork; having but One Door to the Street:

But it was acknow leged, That Vaughlon paid Scotland Lot, and kept House.

That Samuel Woodcock, Joseph , and Isaac Heath, live all in One House; to which there is but One outward Door, but Two Doors into the Yard; and that Samuel I Woodcock was in no Poors Levy till July.

That William Litchfeildlived in the same House with Two others; but was, before the Election, in Constable s Levy for One Peny.

That John Vaughlon junior lives in the same House with his Father; and that, a little before the Election, his Father complained, that the said John his Son did not pay to the Levies:

But it was acknowleged, he was in the Poor's Levy before.

That Samuell Adams, and John Osborne Shearman, are Inmates, there being but One outward Door:

But act nowleged, they did pay to one or more Levies. That George Nock and Robert Smith are both Inmates to Richard Batman:

But believe they were all in One Lfevy for l or 2 d. apiece.

That George Pricard and George Spencer both live in One House, with One Door to the Street:

But acknowleged, both were charged in Levies, though Spencer did hot pay in all.

That Thomas Done and Thomas Sadler live in the same House:

But acknowleged, they were both in the Constable s Levies.

That Cht\ Hasledine was Inmate to one Mobbes, and lived in the same House; but both paid to Levies.

That Thomas More lived with his Mother:

But it was acknowleged, he was in most Levies.

That Jos. Tcate and John Platt live both in OneHouse: But acknowleged, both were in Levies.

That John Mason and Thomas Danks live both in the same House, but have separate Doors; and think both pay to Levies.

That William Vincent lives with Widow; but

is in Levies.

That John Cooper junior lives with a Widow; but pays to the Constable.

That John Macham lives with Mrs but both

Macham and Green pay to Levies.

That William Robinson is an Inmate; and he and John Middleton live in the same House, one of one Side the Entry, the other on the other; but both pay to Levies.

That Jos. Williams and Glover both live in One House; but both pay to Levies.

That ifichard Ford and Roger Norman live in One House, having but One Door to the Street; that both pay to Levies; however, Norman did not vote.

That Thomas Smith and Harding junior live

both in One House, divided about the Time of the Election; but are in Levies.

That William Fentonlives with Play don Kelsey in One House; but Fenton paid to Constable's Levy id. or 2 d.

That John Taylor lived with Thomas Keeling-, but both pay tp Levies, and receive Charity.

Vol. XII.

That William Keeling lives in a House Widow Tamworth

Charity; but both pay to Levies. Election.

That C/ir. Hartwell is an Inmate to John Allen; but was in One Levy:

That Francis IFoodfenior is an Inmate with Mrs. vester, and very poor; and believed he was in no Levy since Election;

However, it was acknowleged, That he had been Capital Burgess 20 Years.

That William Piccard lives with his Mother:

But it was acknow leged, both were in Levies; and he Bailiff'of the Town this present Year.

That Samuell Membiy lived with his Moth and was very poor.

That the Petitioner's Counsel then objected to Four that had polled for the Sitting Members as Freeholders, which were not lb:

And the First Person objected to was Mr. Chet-wynd, the Sitting Member himself; but he was not infilled on.

1 hat the next Person was Thomas Bateman:

And, as to him, the Evidence was. That he was oh* jetted to at the time of taking the Poll; and that the Witness had since seen the Deed; which was a Lease for Years, if Bateman should so long live:

That, in June, he heard Mr. was about

felling; and he went to Mr. Wagstaffe about it, who told him, he would: And, Two or Three Days after, Zee met Mr. Wagstaffe, who told him, he had fold it to one

Dawes: And that Wdgstaffe did not pay Scotland Lot, but Ford the Tenant did:

That the Evidence to the Fourth was only Hearlay.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also infilled, That there had !)een an Abuse in putting poor People into the Levy for i d. or 2d. to aye them a Pretence for voting:

And as to that, That the Evidence was;

That though John Briggs was in the Constable's Levy for 96 and 97, he did not pay.

That William Proudman was in the Constable's T&vj for 1 d. but in none other, that he could find.

That John Vote pays 2 s.a Year for a Town-l0^®^ yet was 2 d.or 3 d. upon the Constable's Levy, thoug did not pay.

That then the Petitioner's Counsel proceeded qualify on point of Charity:

And the Evidence to that was;

That John Prine received MitchelCharity 9* a Cheadlesin 1697. -

That John Browning received Charity in 1696, 1 09 >> and 1698.

That Richard Blythis put down as an Almfu13-1* 1 the Book of Births and Burials; and lives in a

House

signed by Mr. Guy for an Alins-house; but was polled because in Constable's Levy.

That Samuell Eggington received Ferrer's Cha.tr in 1696, Mitchell in 1697, and Gough in 1698; but is in Levies.

That John Drayton received Mitchell 1697, and

and Mitchell in 98; but was in Constable's Levy 1

That William Boyce received Waugh ton's Charity ~ 1697, and Ferrer's in 1698.

That William Alcock received Ferrer's Charity in c Mitchell, 97, and Gough's, 98.

That Ralph Keeling, by his own Confession, had ceived Reppingtons Charity Four Years; being 5 St. Thomas's Day.

That Richard Eades received Mitchells Charity, f 1697, and Cheadle's98.

That John Kay- had received Mitchell's Charity,

97; but believes Kay in Constable's Levy for 1 d. or a

That Thomas Meason received Mitchells Charity 1697, and Ferrer's in 98.

That Joseph Kelshazv had received s Charity

in 96.

That Wm. Cock received Ferrer's Charity in 96;

Mitchell 98.

That John Milner'received Cheadle's Charity for 14 Yeafs:

But

T am worth ikctioiu

596 17* Mar Hi. A. 1698.

But it was allow ed lie was Sexton; and it was in Consideration of his being concerned in the Distribution.

That JVill. Fktcher received- Ferrer's in 1696; but is in Levies.

That, as to the Adjourning of the Poll, the Petitioner's Counsel called several Witnesses , viz.

Mr. Lee, Mr. Backhouse: Who laid, That the Election for Tamworth w as in July, and that Elections for

Parliament-men there, used always to tie determined in One Day; and that this tune, though the Petitioner protested against it, and though several Persons,

Thompson, Eggington, Allen, and Gregory, who had a Right to he polled, were present to be polled for the Petitioner, and some of them offered themselves, yet -they were not admitted to poll; and that none were present to poll for the Sitting-Members; but the Bailiff, though the Petitioner protelted against it, contrary to the Advice of the Deputy Town-Clerk, did, between Five or Six a Clock in the Afternoon, adjourn the Poll till next Morning; when several Persons were admitted to poll for Mr, Chetuynd, Mr. Guy, and the Petitioner:

That,.before the Adjournment, the Bailiff s Son broke the Peace, and would {hove and hinder those that came for the Petitioner: At the time of the Adjournment, Mr. Chetwynd had not above One Vote before the Petitioner; and that the Bailiff, before he shut up the Books, asked One, or more. Who they were for? And they answering, For Sir Henry Gough, die Bailiff staid a Quarter of an Hour before he adjourned; and then (hut up the Books without taking their Poll: And that the Petitioner said, That if he could not be righted, there, he would endear your to be righted in another Place:

That Shipton,a Man of 100l. a Year, and had been

High Constable, was owned by the Bailiff to have a good Vote till he had declared himfetf for the Petitioner; and then- the Bailiff laid, Another had polled for that House: That one Shakespear, that offered for the Petitioner, was refuted; Mr. Chetwynd saying, It was not the right Man: And afterwards his Brother came, and voted for Mr. Chetwynd:

And that Benedict Bell junior, for Sir Henry Gough, next Morning was refused, though in Levy:

And Eggington s Name was let down upon the Poll next Morning, though he did not appear.

Sir Robert Burdett confirmed the former Testimony, as

to the Time of the Adjournment; and that Elections at Tamtoorth used to be determined in One Day.

That then the Sitting-Member's Counsel were heard; who first applied themselves to justify their own Votes: And called,

Mr. Rickard Bateman, Mr. John Vaughton, Mr. Tho. Vaughton, Mr. John Allen: One or more of which testi-6ed;

That Wm. Cox was a Housekeeper, and paid Scotland Lot in 98, before the Election.

That John Smith paid to the Poor in 97, and 98.

That Samuell Orton has been in all Levies for Twenty Years.

That Thomas Orton paid equal Taxes with his Father; and rented together, from Lady-day last.

That John Hasledine was in all Levies; and, besides,

Was a Freeholder.

That Edmund Taylor paid to the Poor in last. That Chr. Wilcox has been in the Levies many Years. That as to George Wright and Fran. Wright, the Stock was between them; but believed George s Name in rto Levies:

And Francis Wright himself, being examined, said, George had paid Part of the Levy for Nine or Ten Years.

That John Jordan had Part of the Trade with his Fa* ther, and pays jointly to the Levies; and is singly charged for a Shop, which he hath had Six or Seven Years.

That John Byrch has paid to the Poors Levy these Twelve Months.

That Samuell Watkyns had paid, or was charged to, the Constable's Levy in 97, and 98.

That Thomas Taylor junior bad paid to the Constable's Levy before the Election.

That Thomas Vaughtonpmov does pay to all.

That Samuell Woodcock was in Constable's Levy a Month or Two before the Election:

That Jos. Woodcock was upon the same Levy, and trades for himself:

That Isaac Heath pays to Church, Poor, and Conlta* ble; and he iscrossed upon all Levies:

That these Three last live in the same House, but have all distinct Doors within a Court.

That Wm. Litchfeildpays to Constable and Poor; and has been in Levy Six or Seven Years.

That John Vaughton has paid to the Poor Nine Years;

and is in the Levy distinct.

That Samuell Adams paid to the Constable several Years before the Election; has seen the Levy crofted.

That John Osborne lives in the same Yard with Adam; but his House is distinctt; and he pays to the Constable.

That George Nock and Robert Smith are in all Levies; and their Dwellings are distinct from Batemans; atul they pay their Rent apart.

That George Piccard paid to all Levies till he w as Overseer of the Poor.

That George Spencer paid to Constable'a Levy in 1697.

That Thomas Hone has paid to the Poor for a Year and an Half.

That Thomas Sadler pays to the Constable.

That Chr. Hasledine junior pays to the Constable, and

to the Poor.

That Tho. More had paid to the Constable, and Poor, for Twelve Months, and more.

That Jos. Teate pays to the Poor and Constable ;and John Platt was for the Petitioner, as well as Mr.

wynd.

That John Mason pays to all Levies.

That Thomas Dauks voted for both.

That Wm. Vincent pays to all Levies.

That John Cooper pays to the Constable, and Poor.

That John Meacham pays to Constable, and to the Church.

That Jos. Williams pays to all Levies.

That Glover voted for the Petitioner.

That Richard Ford paid to Poor in 1697.

And Mr. John Vaughton laid, That Ford's Name was not interlined when he gave the Levy to Mr. Lee; but it was interlined when he received it back from him.

That Thomas Smith has paid to Poor, or Constables, Two or Three Years; and has been Overseer.

That William Harding has paid to all Levies above Two Years.

That William Fenton has paid to the Constable's Levy 12 Months.

That John Taylor has paid to the Constable's Levy.

That Wm. Keeling paid to the Poor, and Constable, before the Election.

That Chr. Hartwell paid to the Constable, and Poor, before the Election.

That Francis Wood senior is a Capital Burgess.

ThstWm. Piccard is the present Bailiff; and pays to ' all Levies; and a Freeholder.

That Samuell Membury paid to the Church, and Poor, and Constable, before the Election.

That Thomas Wagstaffe was a Freeholder, and had not fold, at the time of Election.

That John Briggs and William Proudman are in Constable's Levies; but cannot say if they have paid.

That John Vale is in Constable's Levy; and is a Freeholder, having married a Coheir.

That the Evidences of the Witnesses produced by the Sitting Member's Counsel, as to such as received Charity, was;

That John Prince pays to the Constable's Levy only.

That John Smith, John Browning, waft do pay to the Constable's Levy:

But it was acknowleged, that they received Charity.

That Samuell Edgington is a Freeholder.

That John Drayton and Wm. Boyce, though they receive Charity, do pay to Church or Constable's Levy.

That

11 W. III. i f iftdrtii.

That William Latham does pay to all Levies; and did

not receive Charity before Election.

Th&t William Alcock receives Charity.

That Ralph Keeling paid to Farmers Levy; and is a Freeholder.

That Richard Fades and John Kay pay to Constable.

As to Thomas Mason, no Defence.

That John Kelshampays to Constable.

That WilRain Cock pays to Constable, and Church.

Acknowleged that John Milner has monthly Bread.

Thai Win. Saunders does receive Charity.

That then the Counsel for the, fitting Member infilled, That 7.5, that had voted for the Petitioner, had no Right to vote; whereof,

Luke Allen, John Bailor^, Roger Ball, Jof Bodcll,

Jacob tlester, Tko. Lewis, John,

Ben. Swift, John Toft, John Adams, Tho. Pynor, Tho.

Becke, JVm. Keen, Wm. Wilcox, Wilcox, were given up by the Petitioner:

That, as to the rest, the Evidence was as follows; by Richard Batman, Tho. Vaughton, John Cha.

Baynton, Arth. Cole, Tho. More: One or more of which testified,

That Benedict Bell received Mitchell's Charity in 97.

That John Garnet receives Bread in the Church; but was Clerk, and in the same Circumstances with Milner.

That William Haslehilrst received Vaughtons Charity in 97.

That Thomas Robinson senior, Tho. junior,

and Robert Taylor received Mitchell's in y7-

That Fran. Woodcock received Vaughtons in 97, and was a poor Man:

But acknowleged to be One of the Serjeants.

That Humph. Allen was in the Levy:

But William Thompson, at the Election, said, He had taken the Estate, and paid the Arrears; and Thompson was admitted for the same House.

That Edward Drayton was out of Town Four Months before the Election; and no Freeholder.

That Robert Gregory is in no Levy, nor Freeholder.

That Job Whiston was in no Levy at the Election, nor Freeholder.

That, as to1 inuiatts, it was acknowleged;

That Arthur Alcock pays to Church, Poor, and Constable.

That William Adams is no Housekeeper, but lodges up and down:

But acknowleged' he did pay to levy.

That John Betts does pay to Levy.

That Richard BaUard, Dauks, John Fleming;, George

Glover, and John Gilbert, are Inmates; but pay to One or more Levies.

That Isaac Heath and Sahtt live in a back

Yard; but pay to Levy.

It was acknowleged, That John Kendall and William Keen are in- Levies.

That Francis More was no Housekeeper at the Election, but lived with Banlcs; but was charged in Levy about id. for a Shop about 8 a Year.

That John Matchett is an Inmate.

That John Platt livds in a back Yard;

But acknowleged to live in a House by himself; and to pay to Church and Constable.

That John Seale is a Tabler.

That George Ubyrents Two or Three Rooms; Tables;

but is in Constable's Levies.

That Edward Woodcock is an Inmate; but in Levy; and his Dwelling divided some Years; and Two Doors to the Street.

That John Wilcox was a Tabler at the Election, and in no Levy.

That there was Evidence offered;

That Thomas Egginton junior was a Minor: Which was by producing a Certificate, That' his Sifter was baptized on 31th Day of December 16765 and a Witness said, That Thomas Eggington junior was bora about a Year and a Half after:

Vol. XII.

That John JVUlington Wgs onljr a Trustee for Iris Sifter- t and so owned himself at the Poll. ' °rth

That Edtbard Vaughton wds lei zed of a final I Tene- lon' menty in Trust, with one Ship ton, for Mary Vaughtons Daughters; and both were i efufed as Trust ees.

That Cumbcrfor d BrOokes and Mr. Cook voted for Mr.

Che.twyild, and the Petitionee That William Sparry, and another, are Freeholders, to the Value of between 10 s. or 20 s. a Year; and it was never voted for, bbfore.

That, as to the Persons, that by the Petitioner's Witnesses, were present before Poll closed, and not admitted to poll;

John Vaught on said, That Egginton demanded to be polled after the Books were lliut up, but before they were sealed :.

But Batmart said. No Person demanded to be polled till the Books were sealed; and then Eggington offered to be polled.

John Vaughton, Richard Batman, said. That' Thomas Pynor had been1 refused, an Hour or Two before the Books were shut up, as paying to no Levy:

That Tho. Nock was not in the Court, that they fee, at a3l.

That William Thompson was not' present at the Adjournment, but was polled next Morning; and that, when' the Books were (hut up, at Night, Mr. was Two before the Petitioner:

That though Humph. Allen was in all Levies, yet Thompson entered about Lady day, and paid the Arrears:

That Robei't Gregory was in no Levy, and no Freeholder; and very poor; and did not Offer to poll:

That Thomas Bartow has no Freehold; did not pay

before the Election; nor offer to be polled:

That Shipton offered to vote; and' the Bailiff refused him, because another, that pretended' Right, had polled for the same House, as a Freeholder:

That Skakespear, the elder Brother' was admitted as a Freeholder; and believes the younger did tendbr, a"-er the elder Brother had polled for the same thing.

That, as to the Adjournment'of the Poll, the Setting-Member's Counsel called several Witnesses;

John Vaughton, Captain Dilkes, Mr. Richard tw1*1*1*

Mr. Cha. Baynton, Mr. Tho. MoThe Stibfta°ce ° whose Evidence was, That the Poll began about Elev'®r* a Clock in the Momibg; that' the Bailiff and Rec°r were both ancient Men; and that the Bailiff having no . dined, was quite tired about Six o'Clock; and that, a the Request, and by the Advice, of the Recorder, as " e as for his own Ease, about Six a Clock, after Three PrC*" clamations in the Hail, add at the MarUet-cross, adjourned the Poll till next'Morning, not knowing But there might be more to poll: And that, at the Time of the Adjou n-ment oftHe Poll, minty were got drunk; and there ivas a great Dlfturbance, and particularly- by several who we a*e Friends to the Petitioner, who quarrelled:

And Batman and More said, None demanded to polled till the Books were shut up, and sealed; and heard no Objection (a) [to the: Adjournment] of the Poll —

That the Sitting-Meihber's Counlil then proceeded to some Irregularity: And,

John Vaughtoii said; That Mr i Ma Ifoi l a to my Lord WeymOuth, threatened Christopher that if hd would not vote for the Petitioner, he fliOal <_5 not hold his Lord's Land.

Thomas Tebb said, Thar he being under an Arrest,

Day before the Etectioft Cutoberjfrd who Wa3 an Agent, arid solicited Votefe for Sir Henry Gough,

mifed him 20 s.towards his Discharge, if be would vote for the Petitioner arid thereupon he'voted for the Peti — tiorier; which otherwise he would not have done: Arif/ that, next Morning; he received the Money of one Wilco.v9 by Brookes, Order':

But acknowleged he put his Hand to a Note about Btookcs, but could not further tell the" Contents:

That he thought the Mondy was given, but 'tis now demanded of him.

(a) Supplied from the original Report.

7 N Baynton

Tam worth Ele£tiou.

5 98

17° — 18°

1698.

Boynton and Vaughton said, That Brookes was an Agent, and sollicited Votes for Sir Hen. Gough.

That, as to Treating;

William Vincent said, That one Agent for the

Petitioner, aiked him several times for ms Vote for the Petitioner; and, about 10 Days before the Election, he sent for Ale, and treated him, and several others, with Ale, to the Value of 2 s. 4 or 2 and laid, it

was on the Petitioner's Account.

Thomas More said, He had borrowed 51, of John Shepherd, Two Months or more before the Election: That Shepperd aiked him for his Vote for the Petitioner; and More saying, He could not be for him, Shepperd replied, Then, before God, I will sue you: And that he, the said More, did not vote for the Petitioner; and, accordingly was sued.

That the Petitioner's Counsel did not think it necessary to answer any thing, as to Treating: But, to justily the Petitioner's Votes that were excepted to, they called several Witnesses; viz.

Samuel Lee, Backhouse, Tho. Farmer: Who said, That Benedict Bell lives by himself; and was in Constable's Levy in 97:

Jacob Dester was given up:

That John Garnet is Clerk of the Church; is in Levies; and receives Bread only in relation to his Place: That William Haslehurst is in Levies:

That Thomas Robinson senior is a Freeholder, and has been called as such at the Court-Leet:

That Thomas Robinson junior is in the Constable's Levy in 1697:

That Robert Taylor is in the Constable's Levy:

That Francis Woodcock receives Bread, as Serjeant; but, he believes, also receives s and Mitchell's

Charity:

That Charles Wilcox is also Serjeant:

That Humph. Allen is in all Levies; and Allen had a Crop upon the Land after Thompson entered:

That Edward Drayton is a Magistrate, and in all Levies; and Freeholder;

That Robert Gregorys Landlord did' pay for him at the Time of the Election:

That Job Whiston's House was charged in another's Name; but Whiston paid a Month before the Election; and his Name in Levy since:

That John Machet paid to Church in 1697:

That John Seale paid to Poor in June and July 1698. That John Willington, Edward Vaughton, and Shipton,

are called in Court as Freeholders:

That, as to Tebb's 20 s.Mr. Lee said, That 7 owed

his Sifter-in-law 5/., or 61, and lhe employed him to sue the said Tebb; and that he had loft several Processes upon him; and that Mr. Brookes, understanding Tebb was now in Town, had writ to him, to alk him for it.

That the Petitioner's Counsel, at last, quitted all Pretence of Exception to Mr. Guy's being duly elected.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Thomas Guy Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Chetwynd Esquire is not duly elected a Burge Is to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir Henry Gough is duly ele€ted a Burgefe to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth.

The House divided. The Noes go forth.

rr 11 r v /Mr. Tredenham, Tellers for the Yen, t Mr Fmmm.

Tellers for the Noes,{{£;

j 176. }

150-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Right of Election of Burgesses to serve in Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth is in the Inhabitants paying Scotland Lot; and in such Persons as have Freeholds within the said Borough, whether resident in the said Borough, or not.

The 2d Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Thomas Guy Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth.

The 3d Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Chetwynd Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough....

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for *.

Tellers for the Noes,. } >44.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The 4th Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Sir Henry Gough is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Tamworth.

Ordered, That the Clerk of the Crown do attend this House Tomorrow Morning, to amend the Return for the said Borough of Tamworth, by rafing out the Name of John Chetwind Esquire, and inserting the Name of Sir Henry Gough Knight, instead thereof.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Crew, relating to Prizes, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday next, after the said Committee of the whole House.

Ordered, That the Bill to suppress the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 18* die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Captain Thomas Browne, was read the First time.

Re/ohed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The ift Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " and in such Persons as have Freeholds " within the said Borough, whether resident in the said " Borough, or not: "

And the Question being put, That the said Words stand Part of the said Resolution;

Ordered, That Mr. Hoblyn have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Zembia Hough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr.

Committees r

Making Militia more useful.

Claims for Prizes.

Suppressing,

Lotteries.

Browne's

Nat.

Leave of Absencev

Hough's

Estate.

11 W. III.

18° Martii.

599

Farrington

Hoads.

Mr. Freek presented to the House a Bill for repairing had directed him to report to the House; which he read and amending the Highways, from the Stream in Farring- in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's

ton Port to ot. John's Bridge, in the Parish of

in the County of Berks: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning.

Duty ou Class.

TahJe: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be '

A Petition of John Bellingham, Richard Wilcox, and ingrossed.

William Pate, Mailers and Owners of several Glass-

houses in and about London, was presented to the House, The Clerk of the Crown attended, and, according to Tamwortfc and read; setting forth. That several Petitions have been Order, amended the Return for the Borough Retun.

presented to this House, complaining of the high Duties in the Counties of Stafford and Warwick. amended,

upon Glass-wares, wherein are several Contradictions and

Fallities alleged; and have been procured by one Mr. Mr. , according to Order, presented to the

Francis Jackson, or his Agents, in order to ingrols the House the Book of Copies of Grants, fmce the Year 1660; Grants from

Woollen

Manufacture.

whole Manufacture of Glals into his own Hands: That the present Duty on Glals, which the Petitioners have been always ready to comply with, is the only Hindrance of the Glals-makers engrossing the Trade, and lowering the Prices of Glass: And praying the y may be heard before any Bill pals, in favour of the said Glals-makers Petition.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several poor labouring Artificers in the Glals Manufacture, in and about the City of London, is referred: And that the Committee be revived; and do lit this Afternoon.

A Petition of several Merchants, trading to Flanders, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the great Duties laid upon Flanders Linen, and other Manufactures of that Country, may occasion the States there to lay a Duty or Prohibition on all the Manufactures of Englatid, intending to settle the Woollen Manufacture there: And praying feme effectual Remedy may be provided for preventing the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Cloth workers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the

and the Account of all Grants made since the First Day the ^«>\vn. of January 1697.

And the Titles thereof were read.

The Account is as followed); viz.

An ACCOUNT of the Grants made fmce the First Day of January 1697.

February 1697.

A Grant to Francis Vaughan, of several Goods and Chattels of Francis Plomley's, to the Value of 129/. seized by Robert Syderjin Esquire, late Sheriff of the County of Somerset, upon a special Capias utlagatum, issued against the said Plomley, at the Suit of the said Vaughan.,

A Grant to Sir Francis Leigh Knight, in Consideration

of 600l. to be paid into his Majesty's Exchequer, and 1,000l. to Sir Henry Sheers, of several Messuages, Lands, and Tenements, within the Parish of Sutton at Hone, in the County of Kent, forfeited by John Stafford Esquire, alias Howard, who Hands outlawed for High Treason; habend' to the said Sir Francis, and his Heirs, for ever, under the yearly Rent of 6 s. 8 d.

Hramber

Writ.

Node s'Eft ate.

March 169}.

A Grant to Ralph Gray Esquire, Governor of Barba'\

dos, of 1,200l. per Annum, out of the Duty of F°ur a*V,

t) 1 .* c t , Half per Cent, arising within the said Island, from rown of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, July during his Majesty'3 Pfeafure, for his Support

is referred. jn Government. ~Ber-‘

a °artcIr Spe?ker f i<rrhiswwTY° or6io-

the Cle'k of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for Exch er b from of 169,.

eleaing a Burgeta to serve in thisi present Parliament for durj qhis Continuance in that Government the Borough of Bramber, in the County of Sussex, in the ° Abril 1608

mom oiJotmCourthop Ehpiiro, deceased. A Release, or DischarJe, unto' and others,

r, , j T. , T . , . tv, . as Sureties for Daniel Ballard, of a Bond of 2,000

OriW, Tlmt Lmve he gim> to bring m a Bill to emered into b ,b to Ef ire> plead

enable Richard Nodes, of London, Ironmonger, to fell Collwlor nf the in ih« Pore n.i.wivlio"

om

Comraittteof

Prrvileges.

Aldworth's

Ellate.

Scdgemort

Drainage.

assigns

Majesty, upon his Account of Customs not specially preprinted by Act of Parliament.

1698.

A Privy-Seal for paying unto the Prince of Demm^ 85,000 /. with Interest, after the Rate of 61, per (a) [per Annum] from the 31th July 1691, in lieu of 340, o o

Rix-dollars, due to the said Prince, upon Two Mo gages, which he had upon the Isle of Femeren, and tfc l^e

County of Berks, for the railing of 3001, for Payment of ,£8? Part of the D u

his Debts; and for applying the Befidne of the Monies, °J " *Temtones, whrch Mortmges were suri-«3 .1-

arising by the Sale, foj pnrehafing some other Estate for ' *° P®/

His Majesty signed a Warrant, authorizing the Lorc/4 Commissioners of the Treasury to direct the Trustees Sale of Fee-farm Rents to convey a Fee-farm Rent of 66 /. 135. 4 per Annum, issuing out of Brigstock ParJk, in the County of Northampton, to Frances Counted Dowager of Salisbury, her Heirs and Assigns for ever, in Corroboration of her Title to the said Rent, and the Arrears thereof, which lhe had purchased under hi®

Majesty.

Ordered, That the Committee of Privileges and Elections do not hear any more Causes, touching Elections, after Wednesday come Sevennight.

Mr. Rowney, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable Robert Aldworth, and Anne his Wife, to fell their Estate in or near Wantage, in the

the foie Benefit of his Wife and Children: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Monday Morning.

Mr. Hoar, according to Order, reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for opening the ancient Roynes and Watercourses in Sedgemore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they Vol. XII.

(a) Supplied from the Account which was presented to the House

May

Grants from the Crown.

600 18° Martiu A- 98.

May 1698.

A Grant to Isaac Manley Esquire, of 2001, Annum,

for the Life of his Father John Manley Esquire, payable out of the Revenue of the Poll-Office, from Lady-day 1698.

A Privy-Seal for paying a Pension of 1201, per Annum, unto George Feilding Esquire, late One of the Pages of Honour, from Lady-day 1697, during his Majesty's Pleasun.

June 1698.

A G mt to the Mayor and Burgesses of the Town of

Nervous e upon Tyne, of the Office of and Poifor

there fc the Term of Three Lives therein named.

A D». charge unto the Marquis of Winchester, of 1,050 Ounces of White Plate, delivered him from the Jewel-Office, for the Service of his Table, as Chamberlain to the late Queen.

July 1698.

A Warrant for paying unto the Treasurer of Greenwich Hospital 19,500l. being the Fines lately imposed, by Parliament, on John Goudet, and others.

A Grant unto Nathanael Craw, of the forfeited Estates both real and personal, found, by Inquisition, to belong to Arthur Mangey, Robert Child, and John Hurst, convicted of High Treason, subjefit to the Payment of 256 /. 6 s. and Interest, to Richard Ashton Esquire, and 300l. to such Persons as his Majesty shall appoint.

A Grant to the Churchwardens of Saint Margaret's, Westminster, for the Benefits of the Poor of the said Parish, of the old Clock-house, and the Bell therein, in the Palace-Yard, Westminster, the Ground whereon the said Clock-house stands, being only excepted.

A Grant to Otto Baron of his Heirs and

Assigns for ever, of the Estate of Emgert Maria his Wife; which, by reason of his being an Alien born, is veiled in his Majesty.

A Grant to Doctor Titus Oates for Ninety-nine Years, if he, and Rebecca his Wife, or either of them, shall lb long live, of an Annuity of 300 /. per Annum, out of the Revenue of the Post-Office, from Lady-day 1698.

A Grant and Demise to Sidney Lord Godolphin, of the Illes of Scilly; habend'for the Term of Eighty-nine Years,

after the Expiration of the Lease in being, at the yearly Rent of 40 /. payable to the Receiver-General of Cornwall.

August 1698.

A Grant to Elizabeth Tillotfon, Widow of the late Archbishop, of an Annuity of 200 /. per Annum, in Addition to her former Annuity of 400 /. payable out of the Duty of and £ per Cent. during her Life.

August 1698.

His Majesty signed a Warrant for the Trustees for Sale of the Fee-farm Rents to contract with the Earl of for 500 /. pei' Annum, in the said Rents; and to convey the same unto him.

A Privy-Seal for Payment unto Sir Bathurst, Treasurer to his Highness the Duke of Gloucester, of

15,000 /. per Amurn, from Lady-day 1698, during his Majesty's Pleasure.

A Grant to the Earl of Jerzey of 3,0001, as his Majesty's Bounty.

The like to Dofitor Oates, of 500 L as his Majesty's Bounty.

September 1698.

A Warrant for paying of .15,000 /. to Edzcard Nicholas Esquire, as his Majesty's Bounty to the French Protestants.

01 Sober 1698.

A Grant to Laurence Earl of Rochester, his Heirs and Assigns forever, of a Piece of Wood-land in New Park, at Richmond, valued at Six Pounds per Annum, rendering Six Shillings Eight-pence per Annum Rent.

A Grant unto Sir William- Forrester and Sir James Forbes, and their Heirs, in Trull for the Earl of Rane-lagh, and his Heirs, of the Reversion, after several long Terms in being, of and in certain Parcels of Ground in the Parish of Chelsea, upon Part whereof his Lordship

22

hath built a House, under the yearly Fee-farm Rent

of 5 /.

November 1698.

A Grant to Japhet Crook, of the Shares forfeited to his Majesty, in the Pheniv Brew-house, by the Attainder of Sir John Freind for High Treason, in Consideration of 5,500l. to be paid into the Exchequer: -This is not yet passed.

A Discharge unto John de Senne, of his Majesty's Part of a Fine of 300 /. imposed on him for Silk and Lace, imported from France; who bath been long a Prisoner for the fame.

December 1698.

A Grant unto Patience Bond of a Lease seized into his Majesty's Hands, upon an Outlawry, sued fort!? at his Suit, against Epaphroditus Marsh.

His Majesty signed a Warrant for the Trustees for Sale of Fee-farm Rents to contract with Richard Topham Esquire, for the Purchase of 14/. 5 4id. per Amtum, payable out of the Manor of under Ore and

Siuming-hill Park.

A Discharge unto Peirce Raw of a Fine of 500 Marks, for assisting Sir James Montgomery in his Escape; the said Row having been several Years in Prison for the fame.

January 169^.

A Grant to James Castigny, of a Pension of 500l. per Annum, out of the . Revenue of the Post-Office, during his Life, from Christmas 1697.

January 1694.

A Grant, or Warrant, for Payment, unto Thomas Vincent Esquire, of 6001, being the Remainder of 1,800 /. fot insuper, upon the Proprietors of the New River Water, in the Receivers Account of the Poll Tax for London and Middlefew, granted in the ill Year of his Majesty's Reign.

A Grant unto John Gore Esquire, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of the Reverfious expectant upon several Estates for Lives, of and in divers Manors and Lands, which were of Sir William Williams Baronet, deceased, and which were devised to his Majesty, after the Deaths of Boucher Wray, and Chichester Wray, Sons of Sir Boucher Wray, and others, subjefit to the Payment of a Rent-charge of 540 /. per Annumgranted by the said Sir William to Charles Albnfon, and his Heirs and Assigns,

and all other lawful Incumbrances thereupon.

February 1694.

A Grant unto William Petre, of several Goods and: Chattels of Sir Augustine Palsgrave, seized into his Majesty's Hands upon an Outlawry, sued forth at the Suit of the said Petre.

Abstrafit of Letters, signed to the Lords Justices of Ireland, importing Grants to be made in that Kingdom, from ift January 1697.

January, 1697.

A Warrant to the Lords Justices, for levying the Sum of 8,0001, pursuant to a Clause in the A fit of Settlement, or Explanation, on the Estates of several Roman Catholicks in that Kingdom, liable thereunto; and to pay the same unto Lionel Earl of Orrery, pursuant to a Grant from King Charles the Second to Roger Earl of Orrery, his Grandfather.

February 1697.

A Grant unto-JoAn Year'd, of the Profits of the Deanry of Acchory, and Chantership of Killala, from the Vacancy of the said Deanry and Chantership, to the Time he was intitled thereunto.

For granting unto DorothyBaronel's Dowager of

Ossory, for 99 Years, if tba shall so long live, several Parcels of Land in the said Barony, and Queens in that Kingdom, of the Value of 351, per Annum.

March 1694.

A Grant to George Fitzgerald, in Consideration of Surrender, of the Office of Comptroller of the Musters in that Kingdom, of 200l. per Annum, payable out of the Revenue-, there, itova Christmas 1697, during his Life.

July 1698'.

For granting unto the Earl of Rockford, his Heirs and' Assigns.for. ever,. several forfeited Lands and Estates, in

that

11 w. in.

18 ° Martii.

dor

that Kingdom, specified in a Schedule to the said Letters annexed, of the clear yearly Value of 679 i 17 id A Grant to Sir Edward Byron, of certain forfeited '

Lands there, to the Value of 104/. 3 8 d. Amman,

for the Term of 99 Years from the Date of such Grant; which Lands are specified in a Schedule to the said Letters annexed; and this done in lieu of a Grant to him formerly directed.

A Grant to John Butcher, of certain Quit-rents, and Crown-rents, in that Kingdom, to the Amount of 8831.

9 s.per Annum, for the Term of 99 Years from Michaelmas which shall be in the Year of our Lord 1700; of which Quit-rents the said John Butcher had a former Grant for 21 Years, which is now surrendered.

A Grant to Thomas Prendergast, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of several forfeited Lands in that Kingdom, of the clear yearly Value of 334/. Os. 2 to make good the Deficiency of a former Grant of 500l. a. Year, which his Majesty intended him.

August 1698.

A Grant to James Puissar Esquire, of several forfeited Lands and Estates, in that Kingdom, of the clear yearly Value of 341/. 14 s. 6d.f, specified in a Schedule to the said Warrant annexed; habend' to him, and his Heirs for ever; and mentioned to be granted to him by way of Re-prifal, for Deficiency of a former Grant to him in that Kingdom.

A Grant unto Colonel GustaousHamilton, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of certain forfeited Lands, specified in a Schedule to the said Letters annexed, and therein mentioned to be of the clear yearly Value of 500l. 8#. 6 For granting a Custodmm unto Christopher Esquire, of the forfeited Estate of Sir Drury Wray, his Father, during his said Father's Life.

A Grant to Doctor John Leslie, of the Inheritance of several forfeited Estates, to the Value of 400l. per Annum, which were before granted to him for 99 Years, if he should so long live.

A Grant to Thomas Lord Coningsby, of the Offices of Vice-Treasurer, General-Receiver, Paymaster-General, and Treasurer at War, within that Kingdom, with the yearly Fee of 65 /. 13#. 4 d.;and Six-pence in the Pound

upon the Payments, which shall be made by him, or his Deputies, in respect of the said Offices; during Pleasure.

October 1698.

A Discharge unto Sir Richard Bellingham, of the Remainder of a Debt of 2,0001, and interest, owing by him to the Lord Gormonstowne, a forfeiting Person, in Consideration of several Losses sustained by the said Bellingham's Father, in the time he was Deputy Receiver-General to the Earl of Anglesey there.

December 1698.

A Warrant for allowing, or discharging, unto William Griffith, Collector oiSlego, the Sum of 894/. 13 s. 7 which he was robbed of.

January 1698.

For granting, or derailing, unto Dame Frances Oneile, and her Daughters, for certain Considerations therein mentioned, the forfeited Estate of Sir Neile in

that Kingdom; habend" for 41 Years, from the Date of such Grant, rendering the ancient Quit-rents and Crown-rents.

February 1698.

A Grant to Richard Fitzpatrick, his Heirs and Assigns for ever, of all the forfeited Estate of Bamaby Lord of Upper Ossory, or Bryan late Lord of Upper Ossory, to whom he was nearly related, valued at 601, per Annum, and subject to the Payment of 25 /. per Annum to Dorothy Lady Dowager of Upper Ossory, during her Life'.

A Grant, or Demise, to Major-General Stuart, in Consideration of a Release of 3,537/. 12#. 8 due to him, on Account of his Regiment, and the Loss of his Right Arm, and other Losses, in his Majesty's Service, of certain forfeited Estates, specified in a Schedule to the said Letters annexed, and therein mentioned to be of the clear yealy Value of 751/. 18 s. 6d.$, habend for 99 Years Vo l. XII.

from the Date, rendering die ancient Quit and Crown- n rents. thfc4*fttV0k

A Grant unto John Ellis Esquire, his Heirs and Af- ruvrn* signs for ever, of the forfeited Estate of Sir Ellis his Brother, from whom there was 1,200l. and Interest, due to the said John Ellis, and very great Incumbrances on the said Estate, almost to thet uf Value.

A Discharge to James Viscount Lan of 162/. 7 s. 10 d. I, due for Quit-rents, out of certain Lands belonging to him in that Kingdom.

March i6q£.

A Warrant directing the Lords Justices to cause the forfeited Estates of Sir Valentine Browne and Sir Nicholas Browne to be set at the best improved Value, for 21 Years, and, out of the Produce, to pay 1,000l. a Year to the Earl of Bellomont, which, by virtue of a former Grant, was charged to be paid out of the said Estate to the said Earl, for the' Term of 999 Years, and 400 I. per Annum more to Helen Viscountels Kenmare, for the Support of herself, and Children.

The Grants passed within the Duchy of Lancaster, if there be any such, are unknown to me.

This, pursuant to an Order of the Honourable House of Commons, bearing Date the 16th Instant, is humbly presented

By Wm. Lowndes,

Ordered, That the said Book and Account do lie upon the Table to be perused by the Members of the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Etterick have Leave to go into the

Country for a Week, upon extraordinary Occasions.

/ "Re-

A Bill for continuing the Act for the more easy smeivtV*-covery of ibnall Tythes was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. "jAv.

Mr. Worsley, Mr, Scobell, Mr. Palmes, Mr. Hodfj^ JR-0'

Perry, Mr. Hoblyn, Mr. Gzcyn, Lord Combury,

bert Marsham, Mr. How, Mr. Ash, Sir Rich

ton, Mr. Clayton, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr.

Osborne, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Lord Chen&fel?*??

Foley, Mr. Proby, Mr. Halsey, Mr. Hayes, Sir r,

Dovers, Sir Jacob Astley, Sir Richard Car, S

Hustler, Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Cotton, "Mr.

Sir John Bland: And they are to meet at Five

this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber. Liverpool

Sir Robert Cotton, according to Order, reported Ch®1*^*

the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the To^1*

Liverpool to build a Church, and endow the

their own Contributions, and otherwise; and for malcuig the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itfell, distinct from the Parish of Walton; was re-committed That they had made some other Amendments to the j Bill which they had directed him to report to the House which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed by the Hotife.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, in-grafted.

The Earl of Ranelagh acquainted the House, That hsc had in Command from his Majesty a Message to deliver to this Houife, signed by his Majesty, and all of his own Hand-writing; which the said Earl delivered in to \fr Speaker: Who read the same to the House; and is am followeth; viz.

He/Tage from lbe King-£ntch

Tr*°/w.

HIS Majesty is pleased to let the House know, That the necessary Preparations are made for transporting the Guards who came with him into and that

7 0 ' he

18* — 20° Martii

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committee*.

Privilege of a Member in & Suit.

Legg's Nat,

Colum-biere's, See. Nat.

602

he intends to fend them away immediately, uhlefi, out of Consideration to him, the House be disposed to find a Way for continuing them longer in his Service; which his Majesty would take very kindly:

Upon which, a Question being proposed, That a Day be appointed to consider of his Majesty's said Message;

The Question was put, That That Question be now put;

And it paised in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, representing the Reasons ,why this House cannot comply with the Purport of his Majesty's Message this Day communicated to this House:

And it is referred to Lord Norris, Mr. Sir Chr. Musgrave, Mr. Harley, Mr. Bridges, Sir Richard Onslow, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Clarke, Mr. Palmes, Mr. How, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Sir

Barth. Shoar, Mr. Byerly, Colonel Granville, Mr. Boyle, Sir John Bolls; or any Five of them; to prepare the said Address: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million Four hundred eighty-four thousona and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

The House being acquainted, That the Matter between 1 the Earl of Radnor and Edmund Boulter Esquire, a Member of this House, was agreed:

Ordered, That the Petition of the Earl of Radnor, relating to the said Mr. Boulter, be withdrawn.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Lunce, 20° die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

JPRANCIS Best, Daniel Drolen Vaux, Francis Brest, lladalpha Corneillo, Peter la Rogue, Wm. Vernon, Francis Pyll, and Jacob Drobos, took the Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

An ingrafted Bill for naturalizing Richard Legg, and others, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to naturalize Richard Legg, and others.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to naturalize Anthony Columbiere, and others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had made feme Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 11, leave out the Word "and :"

L. 12, after " Normandy," insert these Names,

" Philip Villarnout, Son of Phillip Marquis of

" by Mary his Wife, born in Poitou, in France; Thomas " Satur, Son of Thomas Satur by Jane his Wife, born

" at Montaubin, in France; Peter Hamar, Son

" of Scipion Cahaignes by Susanhis Wife, born at Caen,

" in Normandy, in France; Paul Arundellde Ancour, Son " of Anthony Arundellby Mary his Wife, born at Longueville, in the Province of Poitou, in France; John la " Coude, Son of John la Coudeby Susanna his Wife, bprft

*5

A. 1698.

" at Loan, in Picardy, in France; Michael , Son

" of John Benedict by Margaret his Wife, born at Normbes, in the Palatine r

L. 23, after "Lombard," leave out "and;" and after " Milfon," insert Philip Villarnout, Thomas " Satur, Peter Cahaignes Hamar, Paul Arundell dAncour, John la Coude, and Michael Benedict L. 35. The same Amendment:

Pr. 2. L. 8. The same Amendment:

The laid Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edward Hooton, and others, Bone-lace-makers, presented to the House the 13th of March instant, was referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of Thomas Ryder, Thomas Warner, Andrew Dyos, and John Cox, in behalf of themselves, and several Troopers reduced and discharged out of Major-General Lumley's Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have served in Ireland and Flanders during the late War; and that their Officers discharged them without any Complaint alleged against them,. and detained their Horses, though they paid for them themselves: That several of them are not paid their Irish Arrears; and others were compelled to give Receipts without Payment, being kept under close Confinement till they complied therewith: That there was 3 /. a Man stopt out of their Subsistence in Flanders per Ann. with other Deductions and Offreckonings, to their very great Injury: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Coot's Soldiers is referred.

A Petition of several Mailers of Ships, as well for themselves, as on the behalf of many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners having lett their Ships to the Commissioners of the Transport, for his Majesty's Service, in the Year 1697, they did coplraft for One Month's Pay in Hand, and the Arrears upon their Discharge; but have received none of their said Arrears; to their great Injury: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply:to be granted to his Majesty.

l

A Petition of several Dealers in, and Makers of, Bone-lace, inhabiting within: the Town of Ottery St. Mary, in the County of Devon, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting fprth, That the Act for the Prohibition of foreign Bone-lace hath been a. great Benefit to the Petitioners: And praying the said Act may not be repealed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee to, whom the Petition of the Gentlemen,: Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Wpolfen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of is referred.

An ingrafted BiH for makipg the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable, was

read the Third time,

Resolved,

Bone-lace*

maker*.

Irish Arreau.

Transport

Debt.

Prohibition of Foreign Bone-lace.

Trent

Navigation.

Westminster

Corn

Market.

Ditto.

Encouraging the Fishery.

Exporting

Wool.

Call of the House.

CLevenizs, &c. Nat.

Columbieres,

Nat.

n w.m

2 0' M&ttii.

Resohed, That the Bfllddpafc: And foafthe Title be, An Act for making and keeping the RiverTVefc/; in the Counties of Leicester, «td Stafford, hdvb-

gable.; ! . A>

Oi'dered, That Mr. Pagit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House being informed, That One of the Sheriffs of London attended, to present a Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London;

He was called in; and, at the Bar, presented the same to the House.

And then withdrew.

The Petition was read; setting forth, That, by fevbral Charters, confirmed by divers Acts of Parliament, it was granted to the Petitioners Predecessors, That no Market-for Grain should be erected within Seven Miles of this City; and that they should have the Survey of all mea-furable Goods water-borne into this Port: That the Bill depending, for erecting a publick Market in Westminster, will deprive the Petitioners of the Benefit of their said Grants, and bring their Markets into Decay: And praying to be heard, by Counsel, against the said Bill.

And the House being acquainted, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill was committed, had gone through the Bill, and ordered the same to be reported to the House;

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table until the Report be made from the said Committee.

Tftfe Lbrds Ihhve agfoed Ifo tffe Athendittents, made h, n k <r . this Housejto the Bill, intituled, An AftLot the Natu> *c. Nat*1*' ratizihgof Thedphikts Rabessirtiers: Also," 1

To thte Arriendnfouts, made by this tfotlfe, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for enabling George Penn Esquire Ennn*8 to fell Lands for the Payment of his Debts, and other ate* Purposes therein mentioned.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Petition of the Dean and Chapter of Westminster was presented to the Hoafe, and read; setting forth1, That by many ancient Charters given to the Church of West- Market. minster, the Dean and Chapter have had the Ordering of all Markets within the City of Westminster: That some of the Inhabitants of the said City are endeavouring, by Act of Parliament, to get a Market settled in feme Place within the said City, without the Privity of the Petitioners:

And praying no Act may pass till they shall be heard.

Ordered, That the Dean and Chapter of Westminster ,be heard also, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, upon Friday Morning next, upon the said Bill.

The Lord Noiris reported from the Committee ap- Ad. pointed, on Saturday left, to draw up an humble Address King's* °* to be presented to his Majesty, That they had drawn up Menage, an Address accordingly; which they bad directed him to report to die House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth:

Sir Robert Marshamreported from the Committee,' to

whom the said Bill was committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House: And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the City of London be heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, against the said Bill, before the same do pals.

Ordered, That the City of also be heard,

by their Counsel, in relation to the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Friday Morning next, at Ten a Clock: And that the City of London and City of Westminster, be then heard, by their Counsel, at the Bar of this House, touching the fame.

Mr. Freeman, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the Encouragement of the Royal Fishery of England: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Bill for the more effectual Preventing the Exportation of Wool from England was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Call of the House be ^adjourned until this Day Sevennight.

Ordered, That all such Members as shall not then attend, be, according to the Order of the Sixth Instant, sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Philip Cheveniz, and others, without any

Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill intituled, An Act for naturalizing Anthony Columbiere, and others. Also,

Vo L. XII.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Subjects the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, do, with unfeigned Zeal to Your Majesty's Person au Government (which God long preserve!), most "utn represent; Army

That the Palling the late Act for disbanding pvvtvc-gave great Satisfaction to Your Subjects; and 1 0£ Y>d-tual Execution thereof will prevept all OccafioP trust or Jealously between Your Majesty, and Yoa*/v>e»

It is, Sir, to Your loyal Commons, an A

Grief, that any thing should be asked by Yout- w

Message to which they cannot consent, with*-

Violence to that Confutation Your Majesty p

restore and preserve; and did, at that time, in _ F

cious Declaration, promise, that all those fore*f$ which came over with You should be sent back.

In Duty therefore to Your Majesty, «und to befotf

the Trust reposed in us, we crave Leave to rg and

You, that nothing conduceth more to the Hapf>1,r* be-Welfareof this Kingdom, than an intire Confideii^ tween Your Majesty and Your People; whicLx ca.O DO way be fofirmly established, as by intrusting Your Sacred Person with Your own Subjects, who have so erm» inently signalized themselves, on all Occasions, during the late long and expensive War.

being

*56.

*5.

And a Motion being made, avul the Question put, That the said Address be re-committed;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas /Lo td FFm.

tellers tortne leas, ^Mr. Par

Tellers for the Nocsf{?!f G odfrey (Mr. Freeman:

So it passed in the Negative.

Then the said Address was read a Second time -

afterwards Paragraph by Paragraph: y

Upon reading the Fiift Paragraph, an Amendrr*

was proposed to be made therein, by addin® the»*#=., Ct]t

<c to your Majesty:" 0 Urat°

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupo

agreed unto by the House. "

Upon reading the Second Paragraph, an Amendment

was proposed to be made therein, by adding, before

" pun€hial," these Words; viz. " Readiness Your JVfa_

" jesty has expressed, by Your Message, to comply

« the:"

And

6 04

to® — 21 'MartH.

A. 1698.

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

tJpon reading the Third Paragraph, an Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " any " thing should be asked by Your Majesty's Message, and inserting, instead thereof, u Your Majesty should be " adviied to propose any thing in Your Message And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the feme Paragraph, by leaving out "without doing Violence," and inserting, instead thereof, " with due Re-

Resohed, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn* State of the ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mortis, 21* die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii.

id the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the said Paragraph, by inserting, before "preserve," these Words: viz." have so often exposed Your Royal Person to

And the same was upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed in the said Paragraph, by leaving out " at that time:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made in the said Paragraph, by leaving out "in Your gracious Declaration promise, that all those foreign Forces which " came over with You should be sent back

And the Question being put,.....those Words stand

Part of the Address;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Mer, fcr.be

Teller, for the Noes,{5£;} '57-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resokoed, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Address, so amended:

And the same is as followeth: viz.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's more dutiful and loyal Subjects, the Commons in this present Parliament assembled, do, with unfeigned Zeal to Your Majesty's Person and Government (which God long preserve!), most humbly representto Your Majesty;

That the Palling the late Act for disbanding the Army gave great Satisfaction to Your Subjects; and the Readi-ness Your Majesty has expressed, by your Message, to comply with the punctual Execution thereof, will prevent all Occasion of Distrust or Jealously between Your Majesty and Your People.

It is, Sir, to Your loyal Commons an unspeakable Grief, that Your Majesty should be advised to propose any thing in Your Message, to which they cannot consent, with due Regard to that Constitution Your Majesty came over to restore, and have so often exposed Your Royal Person to preserve; and did, in Your gracious Declaration, promise, that all those foreign Forces which came over with You should be sent back.

In Duty therefore to Your Majesty, and to discharge the Trust reposed in us, We crave Leave to lay before You, that nothing conduceth more to the Happiness and Welfare of this Kingdom, than an entire Confidence between Your Majesty and Your People; which can be no wayfo firmly established, as by intrusting Your Sacred Person with Your own Subjects, who have so eminently signalized themselves, on all Occasions, during the late long and expensive War.

Resolved, That the said Address be presented to his Majesty by the whole House.

Ordered, That such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, do humbly know his Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended by this House.

Prayers.

JIAARY Anthony Person and Samuel Masse took the

Oaths appointed, in order to their Naturalization.

' An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Browne's to naturalize Captain Thomas Browne, was read the Se- Nat. cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Beville Granville, Mr. Clerke, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Mr.

Trelawny, Sir Godfrey Coply, Mr. Henly, Sir -

ham, Sir Ja. Oxenden, Mr. Moor, Mr. Hervy, Mr. Ni-

cholson, Mr. Bernardiston, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Mounstevens,

Mr. England, Mr. Philips, Mr. Stringer, Captain Dyot,

Colonel Morgan, Major Holmes, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Jacob Astley: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speakers Chambers.

Ordered, That Mr. JVorsley have Leave to go into the Leave of ountry, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence.

A Petition of the Tanners, Curriers, Shoemakers, Duty on Skinners, Glovers, Dressers, and other Dealers in Leather, Leather, resorting to the Market holden at the Town of in the West Riding of the County of York, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That, by reason of the great Duties imposed upon Leather, and the Penalties the Petitioners are liable unto, the harih Dealings of the Officers, and Inconvenience and Expence of carrying their Wares so many Miles to be charged, they are forced to implore the Consideration of the House in the Premises: And praying the said Act may be repealed, or feme other Method found out for the vending their Commodities with less Inconvenience; which may be a means to increase their Trade, which, since the Making of the said Act, hath very much decayed.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

A Petition of the Carriers and Waggoners travelling prosecution* several Roads of this Kingdom, in behalf of themselves, on Highway and others, was presented to the House; and read; set- Act. ing forth, That, upon a Petition formerly presented to this House against John Littlehales and others, pretended Deputy-Surveyors, and Informers of Abuses committed on his Majesty's Road, for extorting several Sums of Money from his Majesty's Subjects, to permit and tolerate them to drive with as many Horses as they thought fit, the House was pleased to pal's an Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto; whereby it was enacted, That all Carriers and Waggoners should be obliged to draw with double Shafts, and a Pole between their Wheel-Horses; which, by Experience, hath been found impossible to be done: notwithstanding which, the said John Littlehale and others, since the Palling of the said Act have prosecuted the Petitioners more intolerably than before, by seizing their Horses, and forcing them to leave their Waggons in open Fields and Roads, or by pay-ting them such Money as they do most unreasonably demand: And praying feme further Law may be made in the Premises; or that their Grievances may be other- wife redrafted.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee; And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the lame, with their Opinion therein, to the {Louie:

And

Poftfcumous Children to inherit.

Mr. Sinai* wood to preach on jFaft-Day.

Prohibition of foreign Bon*»lac*.

Ditto.

Transport

Debt.

Ditto.

n w. hi.

21® Martii.

And it is referred to Mr. George, Mr. Mr.

Pye, Sir Will. Cook, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Morgan, Lord C Mr. Harvey, Sir Cha. Windham, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Cox, Sir Robert Edon, Sir Thomas Dcroall, Sir Hen Parker, Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Moor, Mr. Perry, Mr. Rlaak, Mr. Mr.

Yates, Mr. England; and all that serve for the Counties of Somerset, Devon, Cornwall, and Hereford: And they

are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, That a posthumous Son may inherit his Father's Estate: And that the Lord Combury and Sir James Oxenden do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. Smalwood be desired to preach before this House, at St. Margaret's, Westminster, upon the First Day appointed by his Majesty's Royal Proclamation: And that Mr. Gerrard and Mr. Mountague do acquaint him therewith.

A Petition of the Mayor, Capital Burgesses, Freemen, and other Dealers in, and Makers of, Bone-lace, inhabiting in the Town of Lyme-Regis, and Parts adjacent, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have found great Benefit by the Act for Prohibiting of foreign Bone-lace; and are informed, That a Petition is presented to this House, to consider whether it may be convenient to repeal the said Act; which, if done, would ruin the Petitioners: And praying to be heard before the said Act is repealed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the "Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster,

is referred.

A Petition of several Bone-lace-makers in and about the City of Chester was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That the Petition, depending in this Honourable House, of the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County of Lancaster, prays a Repeal of the Act for prohibiting the Importation of foreign Bone-lace into this Kingdom: And praying the Consideration of the House in the Premises; and that they would do nothing therein to the Prejudice of the Petitioners.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woellen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred.

A Petition of the Mailer, Wardens, Assistants, and Commonalty, of the Company of Merchants Adventurers in Bristoll, in behalf of themselves, and others, Owners of Ships hired for the Reducing of Ireland, and other Transport-Service, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, with several others, did, at the Beginning of the War, lett to Freight, to the Commissioners of Transports, for his Majesty's Service, divers Ships, to be employed in reducing the Kingdom of Ireland; for the Hire' whereof they have waited several Years; And praying Relief in the Pre-miles.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

6o5

lett to Freight their several Ships for his Majesty's Ser vice; and, by Contraft, were to be paid within a Monti' after their Discharge, and, in case of Non-payment, to have Interest: That they remain yet unpaid, to their ver great Prejudice: And praying Relief in the Premises.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, M are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That Mr. William Hands have Leave to go l into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

8 Absen of

them

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords to put ai-;m in mind of the Bill to enable his Majesty's natural- ChUd*

born Subjects to inherit the Estate of their Ancestors inherit*0 to lineal or collateral, notwithstanding their Fathers or Mothers were Aliens.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to in, continue in Prison Counter, John Bernardi, Robert Cassells, Robert Meldrum, James Chambers, and Robert Counter, Blackburn, w ho were concerned in the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate his Majesty: And that Mr. Solicitor and Mr. Cmcper do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Secretary Vernon acquainted the House, that his King «p- Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by atteAaea.^* this House upon Friday next, at Four a Clock in the Afternoon, at Kensington.

Mr. Freeman, according to Order, presented

>to«-

House a Bill to euable Richard Nodes to fell Tenements, in the County of Hertford, to 1Iia of hva

fion for his Wife and Children, and for Payi*r ^ve

Debts

time.

And the same was received; and red-

\p\

qfi-

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tit*

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the \Pr Cotv them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act; neral Quiet of the Subject, against all PretenC^T- c^x

cealments, Encroachments, or other defective '"I. l\&

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cocks do cars

Message.

fdethold's

Mr. Hoar reported from the Committee,

ex-

the Bill for vetting Part of the Estate of Thomets Esquire in Trustees, for raising the Sum of 1, OO /> pended in the Improvement of the said Estate, mitted, That they had examined and considered lame, and had made feme Amendments ttxer'dJntO} which they bad directed him to report to the l^louse i which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were, once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one and upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments

ingrossed.

he

Ordered, That Mr. Osborne, Sir Richard it*

Philips, Colonel Kirkby, JMr. Blofieild, Mr. 9 Claims for

Mr. Rogers, Sir Edward Hungetford, be added t a Prises. Committee, to whom the Petition of John Stanton, and James Rogers, is referred.

Mr. Topham, according to Order, presented *l House a Bill for qualifying Juliices of the Peace, Deputy Lieutenants: And the same was received -read the First time.

Resoboed, That the Bill be read a Second time.

eying

*c.

A Petition of several Merchants in London, for them- A Motion being made, and the Question being s selves, and others, of the Town of Biddiford, concerned That the Bill to suppress the Royal Oak Lottery, ecod in the Transport Debt of 1693, was presented to the other Lotteries, be now read a Second time; er, es*

House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners did It passed in the Negative.

Vet. m P Ao

6o6 11° — 22* Martii. A.. 1698.

Billingsgate An ingrossed Bill for making Billingsgate a free Market l ift Market. for gaje of pjfh was read the Third time.

And an Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 2, L. after " except," to insert " nevertheless, that none " but I'ishmongers shall be permitted to fell

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard Hotjord:

Mr. Speaker,

Elections — The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Preventing for preventing the irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and in^tnms^ °^er Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to servein Parliament, without any Amendments: And also, Burnet's To the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize George Bur-

Nat- net, without any Amendments: And also,

Lower's, &c. To the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Lower, Nat. William Darnell, and Deter without any Amend-

ments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

to put this Act in Execution shall be at the Town of Pontefract, in the said County of York:

And the same w as thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed into by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr.

L by inserting Sir John Bolls Baronet, a Commissioner:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,* and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Ordered, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be,

An Act for making and keeping navigable the Rivers Ay re and Colder, in the County of York.

Ordered, That Sir John Bland do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That Mr. Haw have Leave to go into the Leive of Country, for Recovery of his Health. Absence.

Mr. Clerk, according to Order, presented to the House Duties on a Bill for the better ascertaining and collecting the Du- Salt, ties on Salt; and preventing the ill Practices used to

defraud the King of the said Duties: And the same was received.

Resolved, That the Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Mr. Stockdale have Leave tt) go into the Leave of Country, his Family being ill. Absence.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Penalties on Embezzle-meat of Prizes.

Ordered, That the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling and Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy,

and for other necessary Occasions,.....have Power

to receive a Clause of Appropriation of the Money given this Year for Sea and Land Service; and also of the Money and Effects in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy, to such Uses as they shall direct.

Colonel Churchill, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to indemnify the Captains of his Majesty's Ships from such Penalties and Disabilities as have been inflicted upon them, upon Pretence of Embezzlements of Goods, taken as Prizes: And the same was received.

Poor Laws, Mr. Hammond, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for the better providing for the Poor; and setting them on Work: And the same was received. Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Thursday Morning.

Ayre and Calder Navigation.

An ingrossed Bill for making navigable the Rivers Ayre and Calder, in the County of York, at the Charge of such Persons as will undertake the fame, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That nothing in the said Bill should abridge, or prejudice, the Mayor, Aldermen, and Burgesses, of Pontefract, for the Time being, and their Successors, in demanding or receiving an ancient Toll of 4 d. for every Vessel having a Cock-boat, and passing upon any Part of the River Aire between Temple-Hurst and Kn; and a Toll of 2d. for every other Vessel or Boat, not having a Cock-Boat, passing between the said Places:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That no Boat or Barge belonging to the Town of Knottingley, or any other Town or Place on the Banks of the River Aire, between the said Town and the Place where the Aire falls into the River Ouse, laden with Lime only, shall be liable to any Duty for passing through:

And the same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the First General Meeting of the Commissioners appointed

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply, a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Couper reported from the said Committee, That

they had come to a ltesolution; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Cowper also reported from the said Committee,

That they had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Apprehend-whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, *"* Felons, and Punishing, of Felons that commit Burglary or House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being pub Committee*. That all Committees be revived;

It passed in the Negative.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 22° die Martii; Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

THE Lord Cornbury reported from the Committee, Browne's,

to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, inti- &c- Nat. tuled, An Act to naturalize Captain Thomas Browne, and others, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame, and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 1, leave out befeccheth," and infort " be " feech;"

L. 8, after " Brabant," insert the Names following; vis. " William Vernon, Son of Peter Langttersey,

" by Magdalena his Wife, born at Caen in Normandy, in

" France

7

11W. III. 22° Martii. 60

France; Francis Best, Son of Henry Best by Mary his A Petition of several Dealers in, and Makers of, Bone- p

‘ Wife, born in Switzerland of English Parents; Peter lace, inhabiting in the Town of in behalf of of so*14*®*

Delrieu, Son of Anthony Delrieu by Jane hisWite, born themselves, and many others, was presented to the Uoufe

" _ - - — - 1__i . au;__fAu Tl____t. l__ , 9

" at Montauban, in France;Daniel Drolenvaux, Son of " John Drolenvaux by Margaret his Wife, boro at

u Rotterdam, in Holland; and Samuel , Son of " Samuel Masse by Mary his Wife, born at , in " France:

L. 10, leave out " his," and insert " their L. 17, after " that," insert " theyand after Browne' insert the Names following; " William Vernon, Francis Best, Peter Delrieu, Daniel Drolen-

" t mu, and Samuel Masse:

L. 18, leave out is," and insert " are L. 20, leave out " aand after " born," leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects:"

L. 21, leave out "be is," and insert " they

i<

are:

L. 24, after " if," leave out " he," and insert " they, and every of themand leave out " aand leave out " Subject," and insert " Subjects L. 27, after " that," insert " they L. 28, after " Browne," insert " William Vernon, Francis Best, Peter Delrieu, Daniel " and Samuel Masse and leave out " is," and insert

are

L. 36, after " his," insert or their L. 37, after " his," insert " or their:

L. 41, leave out " him," and insert or any or either of them

L. 44, leave out " he," and insert ‘‘ they, any of them

L. 49, leave out

them.

or

tc

Nat Bills.

Leave'of

Absence.

Officers and Soldiers to exercise Trades.

be," and insert " they;" and after " Btvwne," inlcrt " William Vernon, Francis

Best, Peter Delrieu, Daniel and Samuel

Masse

P. 2. L. 5, leave out " a," and " Subject," and read Subjects."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That no other Bill of Naturalization be read before Twelve a Clock.

Ordered, That Sir John Cotton have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Henry Pelham have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions;

Ordered, That Mr. Hammond be added to the Members who are appointed to prepare, and bring in, the Bill, That the Soldiers who have been, and shall be, disbanded, may set up and exercise Trades in Cities and Corporations.

and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have been greatly relieved by the Act for prohibiting of foreion Bone-lace: That there being a Petition depending in this House, praying a Bill may be brought in to repeal the said Act; wmch would be very destructive to the Petitioners Trade: And praying to be heard before the said Act be repealed.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster is referred.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Dudley Vesey, an Infant, to fell his Estate, in Hintlesham, in the county of ,

for the Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass; A nd that the Title be, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Dudley Vesey, in Hintlesham, in the County of Suffolke, for Payment of his Debts.

Ordered, That Sir Samuel Bemardiston do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brotherton, according to Order, reported from Apprehend

the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Appre- ing feion*. hending, Prosecuting, and Punishing, of Felons that commit Burglary and Housebreaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, was committed, That they had several Amendments thereunto: which they had dire

several Amendments thereunto; him to Place;

Table.

which they -report to the House; which he read and afterwards delivered in at the

in

C\erVs

Children of English Parents Nat

Yarmouth Land Tax.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey be added to the Members who are appointed to prepare, and bring in,

ime.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said adjourned to Saturday Morning next. t,

Ordered, That the Bill to enable Robert I \qX

and Anne his Wife, to fell their Estate, in of 3 oi

tage, in the County of Berks, foM.be railing Payment of his Debts; and for applying the ^lAreflV

the Monies arising by the Sale, for the purcl*^ I*'*0 other Estate, for the foie Benefit of his Wife anti

be read Tomorrow Morning. tfh A*1*

A Petition of Lieutenant John Greenwood, Teftfr-

of his Wife Mary, Executrix of the last Will Y^rnnoUP* ment of Captain William Cample short, late of the able Colonel John Beaumont's Regiment of Foot, presented to the House, and read; letting forth, Ina the said Captain Campleshon subsisted his Company,

Ireland, out of his own Pocket, as the other dTaptainS did, when Money was wanting from the Government; and that the Money is since paid into Colonel Hands, who hath accounted with the rest of

hath accounted with the relief ti.e Cap-,*7 . 00, Alir,t with the Petitioner: And

tains, butk.re^®^:S Tafe to order the said Colonel r 11 T) rfnnc horn of English Parents, praying this ii V j pay the Petitioner.

the Bill to natural.* all Persona born CokfiderSton of the said Petition

be referred to the Committee, to wi.om the Petition of Retold to of Colonel Coote's Regtont referred.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, and

ers, Ii

was

pre:

A Petition of the Bailiffs, Aldermen, and Common-Council, and other the Inhabitants of the Town oi Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk, was presented to the House; letting forth. That, in the Year 1692, they did raise the Tax of Four Shillings in the Pound, by taking

the very Rack-rents of their Estates, without any De- and bordering upon the Forest of Needwood, , duftions for Repairs; since which time, the Trade and fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That Stock of the Town is very much decayed, and Rents Act of Parliament, made in the 7th and 8th Years oft?* fallen One-fourth Part of what they were theu lett at; so present Majesty, for the re-vesting in his Majesty-that, by the last Year's Tax of 3$. in the Pound on Lands, Honour of Tutbury, and Forest of Needwood, the VPbo 6 they were taxed, and paid, 3$. and 7 d.in the Pound; Is thereby directed to be set forth, by Commissioners, and if the Bill, now depending, should impose the same the Payment of a Debt of 3>3°°£ with Interest, r Sum on them as they paid the last Year, it will be a unto Rupert Browne Gentleman; and that the said Forest great Burden on them: And praying Relief. or any part thereof, should not be alienated from

And the Question being put. That the Petition be Crown, any other wise than by Act of Parliament; ye, read; since the making of the said Act, Sir Turlon Knight

It passed in the Negative. one of the Julhces of his Majesty's Court of Kings*

Grant of Netdrrood,

608 2 a9 Marta. . 1-698.

Netdwood Fore (I Rightt.

Grants in Duchy of Lancaster.

leave of Absence.

Imprisonment of Counter, Ire.

Ranch, bath obtained a' Grant from. his Majesty of the Wood in tlcytin's, Park, and Ruffe-Hay Park, and a Lease, for 99 Years, of the Soil of the said Parks, under the yearly Rent of il.6 s. 8 dThat the said Petitioners

were in hopes, that if the said Wood, or Soil, had been granted, it should have been for a valuable Consideration, towards Payment of the said Debt: And praying a Bill may be brought in to vacate the said Grant.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Hen. , Mr. Pagitt, Sir Fdward Seymour, Sir Cha. He, Mr. Dyot, Sir Jos. JPoll, Mr. Ash, Mr. Rowny, Mr. Cooper, Mr. Gwyn, Mr.

fyriie, Mr. Freeman, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr.

Mr. Mounstevens, Mr. Shader ley, Sir Robert Havers, Mr. Scobell, S'u Tho. Davall, Sir Samuel Bemardistott, Sir Tho. Wagstaff'e, Mr. Portman, Sir John Levison,

Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Poultny, Sir Ab-sirup. fianby, Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Barrington, Sir

Wm. Coriton, Mr. Harley, Sir Rowl Gwyn, Sir Edward

Hussey; and all that serve for the Counties of Stafford, Warwick, and Darby: And they are to meet this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber: And they have Power to lend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who have Right of Eftovers and Common in the Forest, or Chafe, of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, Parcel of the Duchy of on behalf of

themselves, and divers others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forih, That the Earl of Stamforih, Chancellor of the Duchy of Lancaster, hath made several Orders, in the Nature of Laws, and set his Majesty'b Great Seal of the Duchy thereto, and caused the same to be published in divers Parish-Churches adjacent to the Joreft; whereby the Petitioners Rights and Liberties are invaded; contrary to the Laws of this Realm; And praying, That Consideration may be had thereof; and Remedy provided for the Petitioners therein.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and alport the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Bagoti, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Solicitor-General, Mr. Cowper, Sir Nath. Napier, Mr. Boyle, Lord Hen. Cavendish, Mr. Paul Foley, Mr. Varney, Sir Christopher Musgrooe, Mr. R. Harley, Mr. Loionds, Sir Wm. Contort, Mr. Pagitt, Sir John Leccson Gower, Lord Cheine, Mr. Gwyn, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Bridges, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Rowl. Gwyn, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Tretoers, Mr. Palmes, Sir Just. Mr. Pierpoint, Mr.

Hammond, Lord Marquis Hartington, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Pleydall, Sir Sam. BernardistonMr. Hughes,

Mr. Sloane, Sir John Wolstenholm, Mr. Edward Harley, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir John Bolls, Sir Tho. Wagstaff'e, Mr. Moor, Mr. Mounstevens: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber: And to have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

Ordered, That the Auditor of the Duchy of Lancaster do lay before this House an Account of all Grants, since the Six-aDd-twendeth Day of January 1697, in that Duchy.

Ordered, That Mr. Foley have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Solicitor-General, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill for continuing the imprisonment of # Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to . affalfinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of

Privileges end Elections, touching the Election for the Malmesbury Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, be Election, made upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Lorwnds acquainted die House, That the Victual- Navy lers of the Navy had delivered in, to the Lords Coramif- Vi&ualUr*. fioners of the Treasury, a Memorial; which he pretented to the House: And the same was received; and is as fojloweth; viz.

To the Right Honourable the Lords Commissionew of his Majesty's Treasury;

THE Victuallers of his Majesty's Navy humbly represent, That, Yesterday, they received an Order from the Navy-lloard, with Cqpypf an Order from the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, whereby they are 4»re&ed to take especial Care, that some Persons be timely ordered by them, not only at hut

Naples, Alicant, qrfoch other Ports in the Straits as may be thought necessary, to take the Care and Charge,« supplying the Squadrqp under Admiral Aylmer with Provisions, in case there shall be a Want thereof before what they are now fending from hence can arrive with him; and to give their J mdships an Account, from time to time, how they proceed therein:

In case this Or'jr is to be putin Execution, as the same is expre.Tcu, there will require, that considerable Credits be obtained for the several Places mentioned; and they think it may be hazardous to fend Credits to Strangers, that they have no Assurance of; and, except at Livome, they know no Person at the other Places that have ever been employed in Victualing of his Majesty's Ships; besides, they dare not take upon them to determine what other Ports in those Parts may be necessary to lodge Credits, or make Provision in: The Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty do belt know how the said Fleet is designed; and they hope the Ships, laden with Provision, w ill, by the Blessing of God, arrive timely in those Parts, to answer the Occasion of the Fleet.

They have, however, thought it their Duty to lay the same before your Lordships, that, if the same ntuft be literally observed, such Credits may be procured, by your Lordships means, for the said Places, as shall be thought necessary.

All which is humbly submitted.

21st March 169--.

Tho. Papillon, Simon Mayne,

Hump. AyleSg John Burlington.

Upon which, Mr. Papillon presented to the House a Copy of a Letter, lent by the Victuallers, to the Navy-Board: And the same was read; and is as followed*5

Gentlemen,

WE received, Yesterday, your Honours Letter of the 20th Instant, accompanying a Copy of an Order from the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, dated the 18th, intimating. That Admiral Aylmer was ordered to dispose of the Provisions he had bought for Supply of the Fleet, in case he should not be timely sup-'plied from hence; and their Lordships, upon ConfideTa-tion of what ill Consequence it might be to the Service, in case the Provisions, which are now laden, fiiquld not timely arrive, do therefore direct and order us to take a special Care, some Person may be timely ordered by us, not only at Livome, but Naples, Alicant, or such other Ports in the Straits as shall be thought queeflary, to take die Care and Charge of fopplying the said Squadron with Provisions, in case there should be a Want thereof before what we are now fending from hence can arrive with the Fleet;

We shall always be ready to comply with die Orders we receive from the Right Honourable the Lords of the Admiralty, as pur Capacities will qnabie us: Their Lord-ships name Three Ports; viz. , Naples, and

Alicant, and such other Ports in die Straits as shall be thought necessary: at Livome and Aliodfd we have had

Cprrefpondenest

State of the "Navy.

Hegulating

Elections.

Making Militia more MfefuL

Encouraging the Fishery.

Supply Bil Land Tax.

Bill;

Claims for Prises.

11 W. III. as*- — 25* Martii.

Carrdpondenoe, but oot at N; and we do not know what other Ports thrir Lordships will think ueceflhry; nor do we know whether any of the Persons at the said Places, except at Lfoame, hare ever been used to victual a Fleet:

No Provision can be made before-hand, because it is uncertain to os at what Port the Fleet may be.

When the Right Honourable the £arl of Orford went Commander of die Fleet into the Straits, we hod 50,0001. in Orders, put into our Hands; and, accordingly, we did give Order for the furnishing his LorcHhip with Money at several distinct Ports; and likewise gave a general Credit, directed to all English Merchants, whether the Fleet under his Lordship's Command should come either into any Ports in Spam, Portugal, or Italy: And whether such a general Credit sent to Admiral Aylmer, with our Request to him, That in case of the Non-Arrival timely of the Ships from hence, laden with Provisions, his Honour would please to make use of the lame, to fopply the Ships, till the Provisions from hence should arrive, may not be thought sufficient, we humbly desire their Lordships Directions therein:

If this be not approved of, we then humbly pray. That their Lordships would please to nominate such other Ports, besides Livorne, Naples, and Alicant, as their Lordships think necessary; and we shall then make our Applications to the Right Honourable the Lords of the Treasury, who have declared they will furnish us with what Credit shall be necessary at the several Ports.

The Provisions laden for Supply of the said Squadron have lain at Graoefend since the Latter-end of last Week, and might have been in the Downs by this time, had they not been hindered for want of Dispatches at the Custom-house: We hope, God fending a lair Wind, they will arrive timely, to prevent all Inconveniences.

We pray your Honours to represent what we have herein written to the Right honourable the Lords of the Admiralty. We are, Gentlemen,

Your Honours moll humble Servants.

Victualling-Office,

21th March 1694.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, relblved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the State of the Navy.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Boyle took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Boyle reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the lame.

Ordered, That the Report be made on Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Qualifying of Members to fit in Parliament; and further regulating Elections.

was referred, be taken into ConfidWation upon Morning next. way

Ordered, That the Report stoa» the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire into the ill Practices and Abufrc Ki« ia of the Prisons of the King's-Benck and be made upon Monday Morning next. Ple®t Prices.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Committees,

Jovis, 23* die Martn;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3HL

Pra y e r s.

AP ETITIO N of the Mayor, Burgesses, and Inha- oat

bitants, of the Borough of King's Lym, in Norfolk, CosJ».°n was prefeuted to the House, and read; letting forth. That the Coal-Trade from Newcastle hath always been the most considerable Support of this ancient Port; and that the late Tax of Five Shillings per Chaldron, laid on Coals, is lb great an Advance of the Price, that the Country have contented themselves with Turf, and other Fewel, much cheaper; whereby not half the Quantity of Coals are consumed as formerly; by means whereof, great Numbers of Seamen are unemployed, and the Poor of the Town become very burdensome: And praying the said Duty may be taken off.

Ordered, That the Petition do lie upon the Table.

Wife AW*,ortil^ A Bill to enable Robert Aldworth, and Anne b13 _ of e.*"

to fell their Estate, in or near Wantage, in the 5 tpebts;

Berks, for raiGngof 300l. for Payment of hi*

and for applying the Residue of the Monies,

the Sale, for the purchasing feme other Estate.

foie Benefit of his Wife ana Children; was re&<

time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second tivr*

.a £ro'wue.'a,trt.

An ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, to naturalize Captain Thomas Browne, and

read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amende* pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Cor do carry the Lords, and acquaint them, That this Hotx 1 agreed to the feme, with some Amendments: To they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

do

Bill to

t*h*ch

The Lord Cornbury, according to Order, preferred to Poftbumoi the House a Bill to enable posthumous Childrens to in- Children t herit their Fathers Estate: And the same was received 5 inherit, and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a. Second time.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morning A Petition of the DHtillers in and about Lonr/eo^ for next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, and on the behalf of themselves, and many others diffil-to consider of the Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom ling from Mobiles, and other foreign Materials was ^rom Corn. more useful. prefeuted to the House, and read t letting forth

by the Bill depending, to restrain the dhtilling of Brand '

Ordered, That the Bill for establishing and regaining from Corn, the Petitioners are not only excluded f the Fishery be read upon Monday Morning next. (Milling the fame, but the fmaS Quantity likely

made thereby will occasion a great Scarcity thereof / be Refohed, That this House will. Tomorrow Morning, daily when Holland, and other Countries, are in XV resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to and have prohibited from distilling from Corn; tjO?

consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum Dutch do buy up MolofieS, and other Materials of cni of One million Four hundred eighty-four thou fend and Plantations; by which the Kingdom is deprived of »nrtn Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Far- featuring their own Commodities, and his Majesty <ye things, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, prived of a great Part of his Custom: And praying and for other necessary Occasions. may not be totally excluded from (Milling from Corn

and, by an extreme high Duty, difeotuaged from a free*

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ufiag of foreign Materials to the Prejudice of the Trade whom the Petition of Captain Croui, relating to Prizes of the Nation.

Vol. XII. 7 Q Ordered,

1

6 io

23* Martii. 1698.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who shall consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Leave of Ordered, That Mr. have Leave to go into

Absence. the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir William Rich have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Papists An ingrossed Bill to prevent Settlements made by

Protestant Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs, was read Helr8' the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent Settlements made by Papists from disinheriting their Protestant Heirs.

Ordered, That Sir Richard Cocks do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troop6 of Guards and Grenadiers: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Alio,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to Scott'* enable Trustees to fall Part of the Estate of George Scott Esquire, to pay his Debts, and raise Portions for. his Brothers and Sifter; and to settle other Part of his Estate: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Bridges' the veiling and settling the Estate of Anne Bridges, an In- Estate. fant, in Bermudas, alias The Summer Islands, in,

in and upon Trustees, to be sold; and laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges: To which they desire the Concurrence

of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent- Exporting ing the Exportation of Wool from be read a Wool

Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Sedgemore

Drainage.

Leave of Absence.

Recovery of

Small

Tythes.

Leave of Absence.

Imprisonment of Counter, Sec.

Seizuresupon

Outlawries.

An ingrossed Bill for opening the ancient Roynes and Watercourses in Sedgemore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for opening the ancient, and making any new, Roynes and Watercourses in or near Sedgemore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the Lord Irwin have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Machell have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Mr. Freeman reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for continuing the Act for the more easy Recovery of small Tythes was committed, That they had made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was once read; and then a Second time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That Sir William have Leave to go

into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to assassinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill. > r '

An ingrossed Bill for discharging Seizures upon Outlawries in the Exchequer, upon civil Causes, was read the Third time.

Resolved', That the Bill do pass: And that the Title lie, An Act for the speedier and move easy discharging of Seizures in the Exchequer, upon Outlawries' in civil Causes.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobell do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Bridge*' tituled, An Act for the vesting and settling the Estate of Estate> Anne Bridges, an Infant, in Bermudas, alias The Summer Islands, in America, in and upon Trustees, to be sold; and laying out the Monies, arising by such Sale, in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges, be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Duties om That the Bill for the better ascertaining and collecting the Sab-Duties on Salt, and preventing the ill Practices uled to defraud the King of the said Duties, be now read the First time.

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Bill be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Scott'* tituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Eftat* Estate of George Scott Esquire, to pay his Debts, and raise Portions for his Brother and Sifter; and to settle other Part of his Estate; be read the First time Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Edward Harley, according to Order, presented to Electiona — the House, a Bill for regulating the Method of qualifying qualifying the Votes of Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque-Ports, for Votes-electing Members to serve in Parliament: And the same was received.

Ordered, That the Bill be read upon Saturday Morning next.

A Complaint being made to the House, That one Privilege of Pearfe, a Surgeon, being summoned to attend the Witnesse*. Committee, to whom the Petition of Robert Ledginham, was committed, de die in diem, he had been arrested by Thomas Bowyer, and Hamond his Yeoman, at the Suit of one Langford; and that, altho the said Pearfe had shewed the Officers the Order for his attending the Committee, and the Officer hath been since desired tb discharge the said # Pearfe, yet he hath refused to discharge him;

Ordered, That the said Langford, Bower, and Hamond, do attend this House, with the said Pearfe, Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better providing for the Poor, and setting p*0rLawi. them on Work, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Saturday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Richard HolJ'ord:

Mr. Speaker,

lleruardeau'i, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for na-&c. Nut. turalizing Samuel Bernardeau, Peter Chantreau de Gaudre,

.A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Montargieri, Sir Richard Hoi ford: Nat-

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize John de Philipencau, Sieur Montargicr,

and

Supply.

i< i w. in.

a 5' — *24°

Supprefllag

Lotteries.

Hereditary

Excise

Patentees.]

and; others, with feme' Amendments: To which; they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Bill to suppress the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of several of the Patentees, Assignees, and others, who are interested in annual Sums payable out of the Hereditary Excise, in behalf of themselves, and divers others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have, at their own Cost and Charges, promoted, and encouraged the promoting and encouraging, the Methodizing of a Fund, which will not lessen the present Revenue, or occasion any new Tax; the Produce whereof will be sufficient to answer the Principal and Interest due to them: And praying the same may be applied to the Payment of their said Debt, without being appropriated to any other life.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Sir Robert Sir U rn. Roberts, Mr Clarke, Sir Edward Hunger ford, Mr.

Mr. Scobell, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Braver, Sir James Houblon, Mr. Philips, Mr. Hammond, Mr. , Mr. Sloane, Mr. Pleda'cll, Sir Sir Isaac Rebow,

Mr. Bridges, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Mr.

Sir John Wolstenholm, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr.

Sir Joseph Trcdenham, Mr. Sir /Fm. Husler, Sir

John JFynn, Mr. BarnardMr. Boulter, Sir Chr. Hates, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Sir Thomas Cook, Mr. Berkley, Mr. Ereck. Mr. Crocker', Mr. Desbovery, Mr Bach Mi. Nicholson, Sir Oxenden, Sir Rawl. Gayane, Mr. G Wynne. Mr. Stone-house, Sir John Mordant, Mr. England, Sir Tho. IVag-staf/'e, Sir IFm. Brownlozce, Sir iFin. Coryton, Sir Tho. Dava/l, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe, Colonel Pery, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Hoar, Sir Fra. Mr.

Mr. Hancock: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Mr. Couper, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, who were to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as follows; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That more Bills of Credit be issued out of his Majesty's Exchequer; which shall be current in all Branches of the publick Revenue.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.;

Tellers for the Nom,{*£ }'*

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

6r i

And then the House adjourned till To-morro Morning, Eight a Clock. w

Veneris, 24° die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

TH l£ House took into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled An Act to naturalize John de Philipeneau de and others:

And the fame, being read, are as follow; viz.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon agreed unto by the House. '

Ordered, That Sir Theophilus Oglethorpe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the same Amendments.

A Bill for the Repair of the Highways from the Stream iMrrin in Farrington Port to St. John's Bridge, in the Parish of Hou-ds.8 Burscott, in the County of Berks, was read the l'irft time.

Resolved, That the Bill bo read a Second time.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to enable Popham Conway Esquire, and his Brother, to make

Leases of their Estates: And that Mr. Sloan do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Ordered, That Mr. JFilkins, Mr. Jacob Astly, Mr. Byerly, Mr. Onslow, Sir If f1' c,\v J^'1

Conway'* E-slate.

Gra TS ee

nt

dxvood.

Mason, Sir Fran.Blaake, Mr. Blaake, Mr. oft011'*

Brotherton, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe, Mr. I5C- . O'1' Newport, Sir JFm. Ellis, Mr. Leigh, Sir llo* t

Sir Hen. Parkhurst, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sloantk» /jlil

II. -TV.l.. c:_ r_i.. J. *

Mr. Thursby, Sir John Cotnvay, Mr.

Vermon, junior, be added to the Committed j % the Petition of the Gentlemen and Frceholder^ bordering upon the Forest of Needu ood was r&*-

Ordered, That Mr. JVUkins, NIr.

Jacob A.stly, Mr. Byerly, Mr. Onslow, Sir -

Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Proby, Sir IVnu

Maiiwarcing, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Parkhurst, '

Sir hr an. Blaake, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Penny, NT r - JJj'Ottlt ton, Sir Theoph. Oglethorpe, Mr. Mr.

Sir Richard Cox, Mr. Leigh, Sir IV) n, Ellis, 1VJT i~. >S/oauC, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Thur.sby, Mr. Iiarzo^j/, Mr.

Pierpoint, Mr. Carr, Mr. Vernon junior, Sir CJoH-

way, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, and other Inhabitants, who have of Eftovers, and Common, in the Forest or O/jace^of Needwood, in the County of Stajfen'd, Parcel of the JJuchv of Lancaster, on behalf of them lei ves, and divers

c\r "Njejedwooc forest Uh.

was referred.

Ordered, That StoJJ. Seymor, Mr. Bridges, Mr. per, Mr. Champion, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Mr.

Lord Cavendish, Sir Justin. Isham, Mr. YatesMr. TjTernf

mond; and all for Bucks, Bedford, Northampton j be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Hootton, and others. Bone-lace-makers, was referred.

Boua-lsce-

inkers.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty-four thousand.'and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the N&vy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Vox.. XII.

A Petition of Daniel Renvoy and Paul and the several Troopers in Colonel s Regiment of A

Horie, was presented to the House, and read; fettjn, forth, That, having applied themselves to Mr. Undere.sk the Dutch Paymaster, for Money due to them for thers Service in the late War, he refuleth to pay or account with them: And praying, That he may be forced to account with them.

Ordered,

61 a *4® M 1696.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coote's Regiment is referred: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

Tellers for the Yeas, {£52*,.. }

} 84.

So it passed in the Negative.

Hough's

Estate.

Tracsport

Debt.

Imprisonment of Counter, Sec.

Ditto.

Duties on

Westminster Corn Market.

A Bill for die Sale of the Estate of Zenobia Hough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill committed to Mr.

Sir Thomas Travell, Mr. Offley, Sir H. Pickering, Mr. Walpole, Mr. Sloan, Lord C Sir Jacob Ashly, Mr. Yates, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Vincent, Mr. Clayton, Mr. England, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Wm. Mr.

Campion, Mr. Crane, Mr. Price, Mr. Scobell, Sir Leonard, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Howard, Sir Wm. Cooke, Mr. Gorge, Sir Jacob Banks, Mr. Mr. Bridges,

Mr. BlofeUd, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Freke, Mr. Ash,

Mr. Smith, Mr. Hammond, Sir Henry Gough; and all that serve for the Counties of York and Lancaster: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of divers Merchants, and Masters of Ships, belonging to the Town and County of Pool, in behalf of themselves, and others, concerned in the Transport-Debt, Anno Dorn. 1693, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That there are considerable Sums of Money due to the Petitioners, for the Hire of their Ships taken into his Majesty's Service by the Commissioners for Transportation in the Year aforesaid: And praying a speedy Payment may be made of the said Debt.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to contider further of the Supply, to be granted to his Majesty.

A Petition of John Bernards/, John Counter, Robert Cassils, James Chambers, and Robert Meldrum, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they, having been confined above Three Years in Prison, upon an Accusation of an hellish Conspiracy to alfaffinate his Majesty, are reduced to a miserable Condition: That, understanding Leave is given to bring in a Bill for continuing them in Prison, pray the same may be for their Banishment.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected*

A Petition of Robert Blackbume was offered also, relating to the said Bill:

And the Question being put. That the Petition be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions relating to the Duties upon Glass-wares were referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Then the House being informed. That the Counsel on both Sides attended to be heard, in relation to the Bill for a Corn-market at Westminster;

They were called in:

And the Bill was read the Third time.

And the Counsel against and for the Bill were heard; and several Witnesses examined on both Sides.

And then they withdrew.

Then Mr. Speaker opened the Bill.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider to the Bill, That nothing therein shall extend to prejudice the Right or Privilege belonging to the Dean and Chapter of Westminster:.

The same was twice read; and amended by the House:

And then the same was read the Third time; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Then the Question being put, That the Bill do pals;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir R. Hofford.

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to By*# enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent EftaU‘ of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Contract for the buying in his Mother's Jointure; and to fell afmall Estate in Great AnaoeU, in the County of Hertford-, and likewise for the securing and railing a Portion for Barbara Byde, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde -, and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Seliard's vetting certain Lands of Sir Thomas Stliard Baronet, in Estate. the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Sifters Portions, charged therewith: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Ship Charles, for the Ship Charles Fly-boat, of Exeter, to trade as a

free Ship, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by Browue'a this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Nat Captain Thomas Browne, and others.

And then the Meffi^gers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The King commands this Honourable House to attend him, in the House of Peers, immediately.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to attend his Majesty.

And, being returned;

Mr. Speaker reported, That his Majesty had been pleased to give the Royal Assent to the several publick and private Bills following; viz.

An Act to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and against the Exporting of Beer and Ale; and toprevent Frauds in Distillers:

An Act to mlarge the Trade to Russia:

An Act for preventing irregular Proceedings of Sheriffs, and other Officers, in making the Returns of Members chosen to serve in Parliament:

An Act for the clearing, repairing, preserving, and maintaining, the Haven ana Piers of Great Yarmouth, in the County of Norfolk:

An Act for making and keeping the River Tone navigable from Bridgwater to Taunton, in the County of Somerset:

An Act for making the Ships Margaret and Friendship, of Bristoll, to trade as free Ships:

An Act to naturalize James St. Pierre, John Denty, and Remond Hensbergh:

An Act to naturalize Charles de Sibourg and Francis St. George:

An Act to naturalize William Cornelius de Witt, and Godfrey Lloyd:

An Act to naturalize Isaac Gouyquett D'Saint Elay: An Act to naturalize John Meoles:

An Act for the Relief of the Creditors of Sir Robert Vyner Knight and Baronet, deceased:

An Act for the Naturalization of and others:

An Act for enabling George Perm Esquire to fell Lands, for the Payment of his Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned:

An Act to naturalize Philip Cheveneux, and others: An Act to naturalize William Lower, William and Peter Godby:

An Act for naturalizing Antony Columbiere, and others: 2$ An

Royal Assent to Bills,

11 w. in.

34* — 25°

<S*3

An Act to naturalize George B

An Act; to naturalize Mark Antony Davesseins de Moncall, and David Loches:

An Act for the Naturalization bf John Brand# de Carcassonet, and others:

An Act for naturalizing Captain Thomas Breton, and others:

Sir Edward Sdyntour, acdording tb OWfer, presentfed Newfonnd-to the Mode a Bill for encouraging die Trade to New- land Trade foundUmd: And the lame' was received; and read tire Firii) tittie.

Refolded, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Shackerty reported from the Committee, to whom F-n

/vj, _ ...... _ n.:i* . n _ arii 1 ___"^*1

An Act for the Ship Charles Fly-Boat, of Exeter, to tlfo Confidferation of the Petition of the Aldermen, and! Trad^*1*

trade as a free Ship:

An Act for naturalizing Peter , and others:

An Act to naturalize John de PhiliponcMx, Sieurde Montargier, and others.

Supply Bill; Resolved. That this House will, upon Morn*

Land Tax. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred'Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-penee Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Resolved, That this House will1, upon Wednesday Morning next, resolve Rself into a Committee of the- whole House, to consider of the Bill to make foe- ^Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

Stewards, of the Company of Felt-makers in the City of Chester, was referred; That they had examined and cori-fidered the feme; and had come to a Resolution; which they had directsd him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme was read; and is followeth; viz.

as

Slaking Militia more ttfeful.

Regulating

Duties oil Salt.

Suppressing

Lotteriei.

Upon the Petition of the Company of Felt-makers in the City of Chester:

The Committee had considered of the Matters contained in the said Petition, and had heard the Petitioners; who did allege, That it would be a great Advantage to the Nation* if ordinary Women, and Maid-Servants, were obliged to wear Felt-Hats:

First, By employing the Poor: For above one hundred thousand poor People, more than are already employed* will be set to work; and the greatest Part of the Persons JU/olxH That tins House will, upon Frida) Morning Trade, are aged Men, Women,

next, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Qualifying of Members to lit in Parliament; Mid further regulating Elections.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties on Salt; and preventing the ill Practices used to defraud the King of the said Duties; be read Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill to suppress the Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read

Royal Oak Tomorrow

and Children, and such as are relievable by Charity: And, this Encouragement being once granted, the Poor will not be so numerous; and, consequently, the Parishes eased of the Charge of maintaining the m:

It wiH consume great Quantities of several Sorts of Wool of our own Kingdom: and, according tx> the Petitioners Computation, above Two hundred and thousand Pounds per Annum in Wool vvn .^es 0£

pended more than now is; besides vast «.A-

Coney-Wool; which, as the Petitioners allege*

vance the Price of barren Lands:

Morning.

Imprison* merit of Counter, &c.

Persons to attend.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning; resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for continuing the Imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the late horrid Conspiracy to affalfinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty.

Ordered, That Langford, Hammond, and

Pearje, who were ordered to attend this House this Day, do again attend Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

AMworth's

hfut«.

Sabbati, 25* die Martii;

Underimo Gulielmi ^tii.

Praters.

A BILL to enable Robert Aldicorth, and Anne his Wife, to fell their Estate, in or near Wantage, in the County of Berks, for railing of 3001, for Payment of his Debts; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising by the Sale, for the purchasing some other Estate; for the l'ole benefit of his Wife and Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Rotoney, Mr. Buckley, Mr. Yates, Mr. Crane, Lord Colonel Lee, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Clerk, Mr. , Sir

Robert Nappier, Mr. Harvey, Colonel Perry, Mr. Pye, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Ja. Mr. Hoar, Mr.

Leveson, Sir Cha. Hedges, Mr. Conyers, Sir Fran. Blake, Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mr. Bro-

therton, Mr. Bcrty, Mr. Kent, Sir Abstrupus Danby, Mr. Roberts: And they are to meet at Five a Clock in the Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Vol. XII.

It will encourage the Exportation of our O' fefture: r

This will occasion a Consumption of from East India, to the Value of One hundred focjvd.

Pounds yearly, as the Petitioners allege:

Several other Trades wiH receive greet

this Manufacture.

And that, upon the wholeMatter, the Com* to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this a0(*

That it will be a great Encouragement of x2prva0

an Advantage to this Nation, that all Women 'WaffC3 va England, and in the English Plantations, whole " o. exceed not Five Pounds per Annum, be obliged" to Felt-Hats, of the Manufacture of England'.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That it will be a great Encouragement of Trade, and an Advantage to this Nation, that all Women-Servants in , and in tbs

English Plantations, whole W ages exceed not Five F A

per Annum, be obliged to wear Felt-Hats, of the: -^unct3

.. be>ng

fasture of England.

And a Motion being made; and the Question put, That a Bill be brought in upon the said tion;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TeUers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the Nces, L^h

So it passed in the Negative.

A Petition of William Davison and John Gentlemen, late Captains in the Regiment of jr* oin, commanded by the Honourable the Lord which is since disbanded, in Scotlan, was presented 'f' the House, and read; setting torth, That the Petitioned

~ 11 hav9

614

5* Ma

.1699?

have continually served this Nation ever since the Revo-. lution; and, upon an Order of new Levies in,

were advanced to Companies of Foot, under the Lord Li mlCci/, which is since broken; and the Petitioners, being Natives of England, are left destitute of any Provision in that Kingdom: And praying. That, in Consideration of their many Years Service, they may be admitted to the Advantage the House shall think fit to provide for dithanded Officers.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be 'eferred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

to give a most gracious viz.

that his Majesty was plea fed Anl'wer thereunto, as followeth j Gentlemen,

I Came hither to restore the ancient Confutation of this Government; I have had all possible Regard to it since My Coming; and I am refblvcd, through the Course of My Reign, to endeavour to prel'erve it entire in all the Parts of it.

I have a full Confidence in the Affections of My People* and I am well afi'ured, they have the same in Me; and I will never give them just Cause to alter this Opinion.

As to my Subjects who served during the War, I am Eye-witness of their Bravery, and of their Zeal for

Leave of Abfeiice.

Ordered, That Mr.

an Jbye-witness ot ttieir liravery, and My Person and Government; and I have not been want-Praed have Leave to go into the ing to express My Sense of this to My Parliaments, as

Grant of Needwood.

Needwood

ForeilRights.

Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Mitton have Leave to go into the Country for Three Weeks, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Major-General Trelawney, Mr. Tre-

lazniey, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, living and bordering upon the Forest of Needwood, was referred.

Ordered, That Major-General Trelawny, and Colonel

Trelawny, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants* who have Right of Eftovers and Common in the Forest or Chase of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, for the late horrid Conspiracy to aftaftinate the Person off Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, on behalf of them- his Sacred Majesty.

well as upon other Occasions.

I have all the Reason to trust and rely upon them that a Prince can have; and I am satisfied there is nof One Man among them capable of entertaining a Thought^ that what was proposed in My Message proceeded from any Distrust of them.

It shall be My Study, to the utmost of My Power to perform the Part of a just and good King: And as I will ever be strictly and nicely careful of observing my Pro mises to My Subjects, so I will not doubt of their tender Regards to Me.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Imprisoment Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill ^Counter, to continue the Imprisonment of Counter, and others,

Liverpool

Purish.

selves, and divers others, was referred.

An ingrossed Bill for making the Town of Liverpool a distinct Parish from the Parish of Walton, was read the Third time.

Resolved, Tjiat the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act to enable the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to build a Church, and endow the fame; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parish of itself, distinct from Walton.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Cotton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next.

Leave of Absence.

Major-General Erie presented to the House a List of Half-Pay the Names of several Officers of his Regiment, which Officers, have been lately disbanded, in order to their being pro-Ordered, That Sir Edward Leighton have Leave to go vided for by Half-Pay, with the other Officers, of whom into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. a List hath been laid before the House; as followeth;

The House being informed, That Bower,

and Hammond, had discharged Pearfe;

Ordered, That they be discharged of any further Attendance.

Recovery of An ingrossed Bill to continue the Act for the more small Tythes. eafv Recovery of small Tythes was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for continuing an Act for the more easy Re-cbvery of finall Tythes.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeman do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

viz.

Scott's

Estate.

Bridges'

Estate.

An Twer to Address.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of George Scott Esquire, to pay his Debts, and raise Portions for his Brothers and Sifter; and to settle other Part of his Estate; be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling the Estate of Anne Bridges, an Infant, in Bermudas, alias the Summer-Islands, in America, in and upon Trustees, to be sold;

and laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges; be read upon Monday Morning next.

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did attend his Majesty, Yesterday, with their Address; and

10

Captain William Wilkinson,

Lieutenant Stremer Thomas,

Lieutenant Henry Holland,

Ensign John Medan,

Ensign Adams.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Lift be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual prevent- Exporting ing the Exportation of Wool from England be read upon Wot>1-Wednesday Morning next.

Apprehending Felons.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Burglary and House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Method of Elections — Qualifying of Votes in Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque- y"taegfyin®

Ports for electing Members to serve in Parliament, be 0 es* read upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better providing for Poor Law*, the Poor, and setting them on Work, be read a Second time upon Wednesday Morning next.

Ordered,

" "by

Papers, See

not to be taken off vbe Table.

Duties on Salt.

Suppressing

Lotteries.

Duties on Glass.

LascelFs

Estate.

Supply.

Committees.

"Farrington

Ronds.

11 W. III. a50 — - £.7 ^Martii, . 615.

Ordered, and Decldfed to be a (landing Order of the

House, That no Member of the House do-take a Paper, or the Minute Books, from oft' the Table, to transcribe in the House, under the Displeasure aitd Censure of the House.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better ascertaining and collecting the Duties on Salt; and preventing the ill Practices used to defraud the King of the said Duties; be read upon Monday Morning next, at Ten a Clock;

and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for the suppressing the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen* and several of the Inhabitants, and Traders of the Borough of Chip-ping-Wicomb, on the Behalf of thpmselves, and the rest of the Traders there, was presented to the; House, and read; letting forth, That the trade of the said Townr consists chiefly in buying of Corn, and lending the same t o London, where their Factors are forced to take Five Pounds in Farthings and Halfpence in every Hundred Pounds; by reason whereof, the Country is. l'o filled with such Money, that the fatne is become very burdensome to the Country: And praying the Consideration of the House; and Belief in the Premises.

Ordered, That Jhe said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill tp prevent the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence, for One Year, be read a Second time.

?,°PP«r

<-°iua£e

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petitions relating to the Duties upon Glass-warcs was referred, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legat'd and Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate late of Thomas Lascells Esquire, deceased, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Confer reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Tuesday Morning next

Mr. Cooper also reported, That he was directed by the said Committee to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 27* die Martii;

A Bill to enable posthumous Children to inherit their Pofli Father's Estate was read a Second time. x Chii.Y^0(I*

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Breieer, inherit.n to Sir Ja. Oxcnden, Lord Corn bury, Mr. Freeman, Sir JVm.

Hustler, Mr. Cartei'et, Sir John Cope, Colonel Godfrey, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Duke, Mr. Dyet, Mr. Hoar,

Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Crane, Mr.

Lowther, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Orm, Sir Cha. Sid/ey, Mr. Duncomb, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Harvy, Mr. England, Mr.

Nicholson, Mr; Bridges, Mr. Clerlce, Mr. Hayes, Lord Norreys, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Hughes, Sir Edward Hussey, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Stringer,

Sir Win. Fillers, Sir John Mordant: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speakers Chamber.

Lords,

ot

Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill, from the intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate ato be Thomas Lascells Esquire, deceased, in Truste^'^orro-w fold, for the Payment of his Debts, be read T Morning. v>

l.asceW*

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring

vS

prevent the corrupt Mixing and Sophifticating

And that Sir Charles Sidley, Mr. Wyld, Sir

Oglethorp, and Sir Bartholomew Shower, do pr^> bring in, the Bill. , J

A Bill for encouraging the Trade to Neal/ was read a Second time. _ -TFftvJV®'

Resolved, That the Rill be committed to Sir Seymour, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Gzcyn Lord CJeZ

Mr. England, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Vaughan, Mr.

Mr. Duke, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Champneys, Mr.

Mr. Shackerly, Sir Jos.Tredenham, Mr. & lay ton, Mr. JJays,

Mr. Lee, Sir Roicl.Gwyn, Sir IFalter Young, Mr. Cxitf don. Sir Hemy Ashurst, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Sir

Willoughby Hickman', and all that lerve for the Counties of Cornwall, Devon, and Dorset, and for the Sea JPorts; and all that are Merchants of the House: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Sneaker^ Chambers.

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

ABIL L for the Repair of the Highways from the Stream in Farrington Port to St. John's Bridge, in the Parish of Burscott, in the County of Berks, was read a Second time.

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a for Railing tie

railing the Militia of this Kingdom' for the Year xfJpo, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, He not

repaid: And that Mr, Harley do prepare, and brin the Bill.

not S ire.

Tellers for the Noes /Sir Rdb&t Cotton, o ~ , ' IMr. Carteretr

p&fled in the Negative#

Vol. XII.

s6.

39*

Ordered, That Sir John Fagg have Leave to so the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of several of the Gunners of his Majestyrps Garison of Portsmouth was presented to the House. Petit-

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until Major-General Earle, Governor of Portsmouth, do UtJ>

xome into the House.

A Bill for establishing and regaining the Fishery was according to Order, read the First time. th>Co"ra8>n

Resolved, ^erx.*

1

v

Leave of Absence.

Claims for Prizes.

Transport

Arrears.

<Si 6 27® Marta. jf. 16^.

Rest bed, That the Bill be wad1 a Second time, upon The House being acquainted. That Mr. Bennet, Au- Grantriir this Day Sevennient in a full House* ditor of the Duchy of Attended, according to Duchy of

Order; Lancaftrt.

Ordered, That Sir William Morley have Leave to go He wascaHed in; and, at the Bar, preferred to the into the Country, upon extraordinary Occafiotts. House an Account of all Grants since the 26th Day of

January 1697, in his Majesty's Duchy of , as

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to vretl in the North as South Parts of the said Duchy, whom the Petition of Captain Craw, relating to Prizes, And then withdrew.

was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Then the Title of the said Account was read;

Morning next; and nothing to intervene. And the said Account is as follOweth; viz.

Ordered, That the Commissioners for Transports do lay before this House an Account of whit is due for Transport-Service, during the War, and what paid; and what they have in Cath upon Account of Transport*

Service.

g

cq'

l — h

n'

CD

Cl

cr

o

<1

o

t«

X

HH

K-H

An ACCOUNT of all GRANTS fmce the 26th Day of January 1697, in his Majesty's Duchy of Lancaster, as well in the North as South Part of the said Duchy.

The Counties. Dates. To whom granted.

Stafford and Derby 21th June 1698. /There was granted to John Mathews, Gentleman, \ during Pleasure -

Lancaster - 8 th July 1698. To James Pattefon, Gentleman, during Pleasure

Staff'. - 9th July 1698. To John Lawton, Esquire, during Pleasure r

Staff'. 28th July 1698. To Mr. Justice Turton, the Parks, from thenceforth, for 99 Years, consisting with the Terms of Years in being; and the Bailiwick in Re-( version, after the Queen Dowager's Decease, for 99 Years, concurring with such Estates thereof as the hath, or shall make, during her Life, being Part of her Majesty's Jointure -

The Premises.

{The Office of Ax-bearer, or Woodward, within the Honour of Tutbury, with the The Office of Clerk of the Market, in the County Palatine of Lancaster ..... I The Office of the Steward of the Lordship of 1 Newcastle under Line, with the -rAU that Park, called Highling's Park, and the Custody thereof; and also Ruffehey Park, and the Ground and Soil of the said several Parks; and the Lodges, Houses, and Buildings, in the same; and all the Woods and Timber there; / with Liberty to dispark and improve the said Parks; and also the Office of Bailiff of the Liberty within the Honour of Tutbury, called Altera Pars Redmaine, with the Rents of Af-size, free Rents, and the Fines, Amerciaments, and Profits of Courts, &;c.

jFee, per Annum, of

Fee, per Annum,

Fee, per Annum, of

Rent, per Annum, Highling's Park, Ruffehey Park,

The Bailiwick, &c.

The Fees allowed, or

Rents reserved.

I s. 1104

Nothing.

1 6 8

4 -

5 1 —

va

Memorandum: The Herbage and Pannage of both the said Parks, and also the said Bailiwick, are granted to Trustees, for her Majesty the Queen Dowager, with Power to make Leases for One-and-thirty Years.

And I find a Lease of the Herbage and Pannage of Highling's Park to be granted by his Majesty, formerly for 99 Years, to commence from the Decease of the said Queen Dowager.

Staff', and Derby Middlesex -

Middlesex -

6th October 1698. 8 th December 1698.

8th December 1698.

To Wm. Cotton, Esquire, during Pleasure To Sir Hen. Bellafyfe, Knight, for 31 Years

To Christopher Lyster, Esquire, for 31 Years

fThe Office of Ax-bearer, or Woodward, within \ the Honour of Tutbury, with the f Several Parcels of Land, as Encroachments, be-| longing to his Lodge, called South Bayly Lodge, [ in Enfeild Chace -

[Several Parcels of Land, as Encroachments, be-{ longing to his Lodge, called East Bayly Lodge, t in Enfeild Chace -

jFee, per Annum, of j-Rent per Annum

[Rent, per Annum

1 10 4

5 ——

This, pursuant to an Order of the Honourable the House of Commons, dated the 22th Day of March instant, is humbly presented by

27 March 1699. Jo. , Auditor.

ON

11W.III. 27° Martii.

Bridges'

Estate.

Imprison-irient of Counter, Icq.

Duties on Salt.

Malmesbury

Election.

State of the Navy.

07° Marttu . 1699;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, and Freeholders, living and bordering upon the Forest of Needwood, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting and settling the Estate of Anne ,an In-

fant, in Bermudas, alias the Summer-Islands, in America, in and upon Trustees, to be Ibid. and laying out the Money, arising by such Sale, in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges; was according to Order, read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Coxtper reported from the Committee of the whole

House, to whom the Bill to coutinue the imprisonment of Counter, and others, for the lute horrid Conspiracy to aflafiinate the Person of his Sacred Majesty, was committed, That the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment, be ingrossed.

Ordered, That the Bill for the better ascertaining and collecting tire Duties on Salt, and preventing the ill Practices used to defraud the King of the said Duties, be read upon Thursday Morning uext, in a full House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put. That the Report touching the Election for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts, be now received;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Mr. Boyle, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the State of the Navy, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Straits Squadron not failing till last

was prejudicial to England;and a great Mismanagement.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Order made by the Commissioners of the Admiralty, the 12th of September 1695, giving Henry man Esquire an Allowance of Ten Shillings per , from the Date of his Commission, as a Commander in Chief before Sally in the Year 1684, till the Ship Bowa Adventure was paid off, over and above his Pay as Captain of the said Ship, was very unreasonable, and a Misapplication of the Publick Money.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Victualling any of his Majesty's Ships by others than by the Victuallers appointed for that Service, or their Agents, is contrary to the Course of the Navy, and may be of ill Consequence.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That many new and unnecessary Charges have, in an extraordinary manner, been introduced into the Navy, contrary to the Rules of the Navy; which is a great Mismanagement.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Deductions of Poundage, taken by the Pay-master of the Navy, for Slop-Cloaths, dead Mens Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplain, and Chirurgeon, is without Warrant, and ought to be accounted for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That it is inconsistent with the Service of the Navy, for the same Person to be One of the Commissioners for

executing the Office of Lord High Admiral, and Treasurer of the Navy, at the same time.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Palling any Account of Monies impressed for the contingent Uses of the Navy, without regular Vouchers, or such other Proof as the Nature of the Service will admit, either with or without a Sign Manual, is contrary to the Rules and Methods of the Navy, and of dangerous Consequence.

The First and Second Resolutions being severally read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made to the lame, by adding " except only in Cafes of absolute Necessity, " happening abroad

And the Question being put, That the House do agree to the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,

Tellers for the

Noes,|j

154-

1167.

agree with the Com-

O

["Lord William Pawlett,

[Mr. Freeke:

[Sir Jo. Bolls,

[Sir Tho.

So it passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the House doth mittee in the said Resolution.

The Fourth Resolution, being read a Second time, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Fifth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " Paymaster," and inferring " Paymasters, instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Another Amendment was proposed to be made, by leaving out " to be accounted for," and inferring, instead thereof, " not to be taken for the future

And the Question being put, That " to be accounted " for" stand Part of the said Resolution;

If was resolved in the Affirmative.

Resolved That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That the Deductions of Poundage, taken by the Paymasters of the Navy, for Slop-Cloaths, dead Mens Cloaths, Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chaplain, and Chirurgeon, is without Warrant, and ought to be accounted for.

The Sixth and Seventh Resolutions being read a Second time; the same were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being proposed, That the said Resolutions be laid before his Majesty, in an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, deliring, That he will be graciously pleased to take care, that the Mismanagements therein complained of may be prevented for the future:

An Amendment was proposed to be made in the Question, by leaving out " take care," and, instead thereof, inferring " place the Administration of the Admiralty in " such Hands

And the Question being put, That the Words 11 take " care," stand Part of the said Resolution}

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for fMr. Chancellor of the Exchequer, the Yeas, fMr. Boyle:

Tellers for /Colonel Granville,

the Noes. /Sir John Leveson Gower:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Then the main Question being put;

Resolved, That the said Resolutions be laid before his Majesty, in an humble Address, to be presented to his Majesty, desiring, That he will be graciously pleased to take care, that the Mismanagements therein complained of may be prevented for the future.

Resolved,

164.

160.

Committees.

Army

Arrears.

Prohibition of foreign Bone-lace.

Copper

Coinage.

Privilege of Witness'es.

Scott's

Estate.

ii w. in.

270 — a8° Martii.

619

Resolved, That a Committee be appointed to draw up the said Address:

And it is referred to Mr. Chancellor of Exchequer, Mr. Boyle, Sir Richard Onslow, Lord Hartington, Mr.

Pelham, Mr. Hevetungham, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Sloane, Sir JVa. Young, Mr. Welsh, Mr. Cowper, Sir Richard Temple, Sir Owen Buckingham, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Harley, Lord Norris, Mr. Smith, Lord Mr.

Bridges, Sir Chr. Hales, Lord Spencer, Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Cha. Ho-

tham, Mr. P. Foley, Sir Wm.St. Quintin, Sir Edward Seymour, Mr. Hammond, Sir Christopher Musgrooe, Mr. Thursby, Lord Pern let, Sir Richard Temple, Mr. Tilny, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Pagit: And they are to meet Tomorrow Morning at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 28* die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

AP ETITIO N of Thomas Dilks and Patrick Mullins, in behalf of themselves, and others, belonging 10 his Majesty's late Descent Train of Artillery, commanded by Sir Martin Beckman, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coote's Regiment is referred.

A Petition of several wholesale Dealers in Bone-lace, in Buckinghamshire, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That many thousand Families are kept at work, in making Bone-lace, by the late Act for Prohibition of the said Commodity from foreign Parts: That the Petitioners are informed, there are several Petitions depending in this House, for the repealing the said Act: And praying to be heard, before any thing be done to weaken the Prohibition of the Importation of foreign Bone-lace.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, is referred.

Ordered, That the Bill to prevent the Coining of Halfpence or Farthings, for One Year, be read a Second time Tomorrow at Eleven a Clock.

A Complaint being made to the House, That Agent Richard Roberts, being summoned to attend the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment was referred, had, on Monday last,

been taken in Execution, at the Suit of Antony Morris, by Stephen Morris Attorney, and John Brmcne Bailiff, in Breach of the Privilege of this House;

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee of Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the fame, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of George Scott Esquire, to pay his Debts, and raise Portions for his Brothers and Sifter; and to settle other Part of his Estate; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Rozvny reported from the Committee, to whom Vo L. XII.

the Bill to enable Robert Aldworth and Anne his Wife, to fell their Estate, in or near Wantage, in the County of Berks, for railing of 3001, for Payment of his Debts % and for applying the Residue of the Moneyr arising by-the Sale, for thelpurchasing some other Estate, for the foie Benefit of his Wife, and Children; was committed That they had examined and considered the fame; and L had made some Amendments thereunto, which the2^ had directed him to report to the House; which he in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cleric*"

Table: Where the same were once read throughout s and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon scha Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by tl»

House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ---

grafted.

An ingrafted Bill for veiling Part of the Estate of T/e — Methwold'*

mas Methwold Esquire, in Trustees, for raising the Sum Estate.

of One thousand Two hundred Pounds, expended in Improvement of the said Estate, was read the Thai time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the 'T'i be, An Act to enable Thomas Methwold Eicjuire to the Sum of 1,200l. upon his Estate, by him laid oimt7~~" improving the same. "*

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar do carry the BiR to Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committf*. whom the Bill for the Sale of the Estate Qf to Hough' Hough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Hu Estate.

and other lTfes, was committed, That they had ex and considered the fame; and had made some *ied

in

-V»e

ments thereunto; which they had directed him to to the House; which he read in his Place and wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the were once read throughout; and then a Second tim« by one; and, upon the Question severally put 1 upon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendment ingrafted.

nd-^l>ort ^fter-

one

be

luolc Sapply-= r of loti He

eli-

cre

Mr. Cowper reported, from the Committee House, to whom it was referred to CPV He the Supply to be granted to his MaJe‘ J.eport t* tious, which they had directed him House; which he read in his Place; a° t^e same vered in at the Clerk's Table: WherC

read; and are as follow; viz;. c tu:s Comm *^e'

Resolved, That it is the Opinion °\ f(,r That Provision be made, from time to ti ' r|jaineH good the Principal, and Interest, due on al a cce{ficUrx t-C

Funds granted since his a jesty's happy

the Crown.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this tommy;

That a further Provision be made, within the Year 1

for the Exchequer- Bills.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this That Provision be made for securing, and paying G the Principal, and Interest, due on the Aid SJh»

lings in the Pound, payable to his Majesty in the Te

1607.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this That Provision be made for the paying, and difehare* the Principal, and Interest, due on the Duties granted an Act, made in the Eighth and Ninth Years of his ]N jesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for granting to his \ r jesty several Duties upon Paper, Vellom, and Parchmer w-to encourage the bringing of Piate, and hammered \r^ nies, into the Mints, to be coined.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Provision be made for the paying and difehareri all Principal, and Interest, due on such of the Tickets as are, or shall be, deficient.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee That Provision be made for paying, and discharging, the

Arrears

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Committees.

Ship Hope.

Claims on

Lottery

Tickets.

Seliard's

Estate.

Lafcells'

Estate.

28' — 2 90 Martii. A. 1699.

620

Arrears of the Annuities lately charged on the Tonage-Duties, and now on the additional Excise.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for securing, and paying, the Principal and Interest, of the Debt due for Transport Service, performed at any time since the Beginning of the late War.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were all of them, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House, Nemine dicente.

Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Harley, according to Order, presented to the Railing House a Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for Militia, the Year 1699, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, after the Committee of the whole House who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 29* die Martii;

A Petition of Robert Barton, Matter of the Ship Ad- Forestaller*. venture, against John Lofton, Peter Kesterman, Thomas &c. of Com. Meritt, and Dinah Mason, Forestallers, Engrossers, and TranspOrters, of Corn, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, being freighted with Corn at Plymouth, brought it to London; and, because he would not, contrary to Act of Parliament, carry it to Rotterdam, Ostend, or Dunkirk, the said Forestallers refuse to pay him his Freight: And praying he may have Liberty to come and give Information of their notorious Practices.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

And it is referred to Sir Charles , Sir Isaac Rebow, Mr. Fortescue, Sir James Houblon, Sir Owen Buck-

ingham, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Yorke, Mr. Offley, Mr. Henley, Mr. Morris, Mr. Osborne, Sir Edward Mr. White, Mr PapiUon, Mr. Thornhagh, Sir Chr. Hales,

Sir Wm. Robinson, Sir Fran. Child, Major Stringer, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Pye, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr.

Dyot, Mr. Hayes, Sir Jacob Astley, Mr. Foley, Mr. Ha-mond, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Hancock, Mr. England, Mr.

Chase, Colonel Osborne, Sir Rowland Gwyn, Mr. Hoar,

Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Heysham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber:

And they have Power to fend for Persons and Papers.

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Prayers.

A PETITION of Williams Wallis, of London, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner, for many Years past, hath been a Contraftor with the Commissioners of his Majesty's Navy, for supplying his Majesty with Masts, and other naval Stores; and, not being able to procure an English-boWt Ship for fuel) Service, was obliged to buy

a foreign-built Ship of great Length, called The Hope: That by an Act of Parliament for regulating the Plantation-Trade, the Petitioner is hindered from employing the said Ship any more in his Majesty's Service: Ana praying a Bill may be brought in to enable the said Ship Hope to trade as an -E«o7wA-built Ship.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill, according to the Prayer of the said Petition: And that Sir Richard Farrington do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

A Petition of the Artificers, and others, Contractors with the Navy, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, in and July 1697 had 254,6301, paid them, upon the Course of the Navy, in Malt Lottery-Tickets, ht Ten Pounds each Ticket: And praying such Provision may be made for the Malt Lottery-Tickets as shall be thought reasonable.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands of Sir Thomas Seliard Baronet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifters Portions charged therewith, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of Thomas Lascells Esquire in 23

A Petition of Daniel Cambell, and others, on behalf Army of themselves and others, Serjeants, Corporals, and Cen- Arreiirs-tinels, disbanded out of his Majesty's own Regiment of Foot-Guards, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have several Months Subsistence due to them in Flanders for their Service, besides an Account of great Stoppages made for Baggage-Horses, Tents, and Exchange of Money: And praying their Officers may account with them, and they be relieved.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coote's Regiment is referred.

Ordered, That as the Matter of any Petition referred to the said Committee shall be dispatched before them, the same be, from time to time, reported to the Lloufe.

A Petition of the Grocers, Cheesemongers, Mealmen, Copper Bakers, Butchers, Victuallers, Market-people, and Re- Coinage, tailers in general, of the populous Borough of,

in the County of Surry, on behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the vast Quantities of Copper Halfpence and Farthings lately coined are very burdensome and grievous to the Petitioners: And praying Relief in the Premises, by putting a Stop to the further Coining thereof.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table, until the Bill to prevent the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence for One Year be read a Second time.

A Petition of several Dealers in, and Makers of, Bone- Prohibition lace, dwelling in the Town of Chard, in the County of Somerset, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was *' presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they have been greatly relieved by the Act for prohibiting of foreign Bone-lace: And praying to be heard before the said Act be repealed.

Ordered,

Byde's

Estate.

Poor Laws.

Ditto.

Leave of Absence.

Copper

Coinage.

Ditto.

11 W. HI. 290 Martii.

621

Ordered, That the Cohfiderafihn <Jf the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentletrlen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town Of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of is referred

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Esquire, an

Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the buying-in his Mother's Jointure; and to fell a linall Estate in Great Amwell in the County of Hertford; and likewise for the securing and railing a Portion for Barbara Byde, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned 1 be read Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Rc/olved, That the Bill be committed.

Resoh'cd, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for an annual Choice of the Officers employed by the Corporation for letting the Poor in the City of Exeter on Work.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for incorporating any Number of Persons to erect Work-houses for Employment of the Poor.

A Petition of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and other Inhabitants, of the Parish of in

the County of Middlesex, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they are informed, a Bill is bringing in for the Relief of the Poor, and letting them on Work; and that there befog an Hospital in their Parish for old and maimed Soldiers, divers whereof bring their Wives and Children to live therein; and are likely to be a great Charge to the said Parish: And praying ibme Provision may be made in the said Bill to prevent the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee of the whole House: And that the Committee, if they think fit, may receive a Clause for remedying the Matter complained of in the Petition.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause to provide, that when Persons taken into the Workhouses to be erected shall be unemployed therein, befog able, may be employed in the Amending of the Highways.

Ordered, That Sir John Wy have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

A Petition of the Contractors for making Copper Halfpence and Farthings was presented to foe House, and read; setting forth. That their Majesties were pleased, in the Year 1694, to grant the Petitioners the Making of Halfpence and Farthings of English Copper, for Seven Years, upon Condition that the Petitioners should exchange all the Tin Farthings and' Halfpence for a like Number in Tale, not exceeding 200l. a Week: And praying the y may not be prohibited their Coinage; but permitted to fulfil their Contraft, or give them Relief for their LolTes they shall sustain.

The Bill was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Loamdes, Mr. Blofeild, Mr. Lowther, Sir Wm. Confer, Colonel Godfrey, Sir Edward Hungerford, Sir Cha. Sir

Tho. t)ay, Mr. MoUneux, Mr. Norton, Sir Jos. Tre-denham, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Hancock, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Brewer, Sir Henry Ashurst, Sir James Houblon, Mr. Godolphin, Mr. , Sir Geo.

Vol. XII.

Lge-

Hungerford, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Hecenirigham, Mr.

Gwyn, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Freeman, Mr. JVal-poole, Mr. Moor, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. England, MLv -Parkhurst, Colonel Byerly, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Eery, NLy -Thornagh; and all for Middlesex and Surry: And all ttxaA come are to have Voices: And they are to meet at a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the said Contractors be heard before said Committee.

Mr. Boyle reported from the Committee, to whor*n» was referred to draw up an humble Address to be f> fented to his Majesty, in relation to the State of Navy, That they had drawn up an Addrefe accordin which they had directed him to report to the Ho which he read in his Place; and afterwards deliverecJh at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; an as followeth; vis.

Most Gracious Sovereign,

WE, Your Majesty's most dutiful and loyal Sul»J the Commons in Parliament assembled, having taken. nto our serious Consideration the State of the N avy, do humbly represent to your Majesty;

That the Straits Squadron not (ailing till j

last was prejudicial to England, and a great IVIifmt ment:

That the Order made by the Coramifli oners Admiralty, the 12th of September 1695, ,jv- the

Priestman Esquire an Allowance of Ten Shillin^*^7^'^ Diem, from the Date of his Commission, /- per

in Chief before Sally, in the Year 168.4, till Bonadventure was paid off, over and above his Ship

Captain of the said Ship, was veiy unrealbnab/e 83

Misapplication of the Publick Money: and a

That the Victualling any of Your Majesty's Si -others than by the Victuallers appointed for that S* r>s. or their Agents, is contrary to the Course of the ^n~vice, and may be of ill Consequence: *vy»

That many new and unnecessary Charges have, in an extraordinary Manner, been introduced into th»e isr avy,

contrary to the Rules of the Navy; which is great

Mismanagement: . tljt3 T»av-

That the Deductions of Poundage, j^gns —: tlies,

masters of the Navy, for Slop - Cloaths, dea , g arge r»,

Tobacco, Chest at Chatham, Chap!010' {or; without Warrant, and ought to be accoV\

That it is inconsistent with, the ^et r 0tnnh® 0 for the same Perl'on to be One of ft1®Amiral, aaC* executing the Office of Lord High A rTed

surer of the Navy, at the same time: \fonies i

And that the Palling any Account0 without '*ar

ual, and

it State d ft Navy.

ae

for the contingent U(es of the NaVX' the

Vouchers, or such other Proof as the Nat vice will admit, either with, or without a *6 is contrary to die Rules and Methods of the I

of dangerous Consequence. , r - __

All which we beg Leave to lay before Your Jj

desiring, That you will be graciously pleased to that the Mismanagements herein complained prevented for the future.

he

The laid Address being read a Second;

And an Amendment being proposed to be made, in last Paragraph, by adding between the Words " ta and " care," the Word " effectualj" the same was u non the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Hoia

And the said Address, so amended, was upon m~l Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House VJe

Resolved, That the said Address be presented Majesty by the whole House. P ‘ed to *J‘s

Ordered, That such Members of this House as ar^ his Majesty'3 most Honourable Privy-Counsel, do know bus Majesty's Pleasure, when he will be attended i/ this House. v

r)rderedi jttt the

!, That the Committee of the whole House BUI for granting to his Majesty the Sum of Spi

7 1 ^--J

622 a9° Martii.. A. i

One million Four hundred eighty-four thousand Fifteen-Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necefiiiry Occasions, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause for transferring the Loan for disbanding the Army, and other necessary Occasions, to the said Act.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Credit, as usual.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to provide for the railing and levying the Arrears of the last Year's Land Tax, in Counties where there remain Disputes about the manner of ‘ levying the fame.

airy Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the Matter touching the Election for the Borough of Min the County of Wilts, as it appeared to the said Committee,' and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as followeth; viz.

Upon the several Petitions of Craven Howard Esquire, and of Sir Thomas Skipz complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of Michael Wicks Esquire, t and Edward P ounce fort Esquire, to serve for the Borough of Malmesbury:

That, upon the Poll, the Numbers were as follow;

For Mr. Wicks - - - - 9.

For Mr. Pauncefort - - - 6.

For Mr. Howard - - - - 6.

For Sir Tho. Skipzcith - - -3.

That the Right of Election was agreed to be in the Alderman, and Twelve Capital Burgesses:

And, One of the Burgesses being absent, the Electors consisted only of Twelve; of which Mr. Pauncefort had Six, with the Alderman, w ho afterwards gave a casting Voice for Mr. Pauncefort; and Mr. had Six,

without the Alderman.

That which the Petitioner Sir Thomas pre-

tended to, was only to vacate the Election by Bribery.

And for that, his Counsel alleged, they had several Witnesses; viz. Edward Brown, One of the Bnrgefles, that voted for both the Sitting-Members; and Thomas Stubbs, James Croone, Richard Couch, and Robert Young:

But the Petitioners Counsel owning, That the said Thomas Stubbs, James Croone, Richard Couch, and Robert Young, had given Bond to Edward Browne, to save him harmless from any Damage the said Browne might sustain by reason of his Discovery;

And one Mr. Martin, an Attorney, produced as a Witness by the Sitting-Members, testifying, That, l'ome time after the Discovery, he had made a Bond, by Order of Mr. Stubbs, wherein the Persons above mentioned to be bound, were to be bound to the said Browne, with Condition to pay him a certain Sum of Money, but how much it was he did not remember, for the Damage he might sustain by reason of the Discovery he had made; nor did his Memory serve him to give a particular Account of the Condition;

The Committee were of Opinion, That they were all so aftefted by that Bond, that none of them could be Witnesses; though it was alleged the said Bond was given up; and a Release was produced from the said Browne to the said Parties:

And so the Counsel for Sir Tho. did not pro-

ceed further for their Client.

But the Counsel for the Petitioner Mr. Howard, besides the Irregularity of the Alderman's voting, did ' infill upon several illegal and corrupt Practices in the Sitting-Members Agents.

And it appeared to the Committee, That Mr. Pauncefort was a Person that had very little Acquaintance in the

Town of Malmesbury ;and was not pyefent at the time of the Election.

But Mr. Pauncefort's Counsel, to answer that, called

Mr. Estcourt: Who said, That his Brother, Sir Thomas Estcourt, had designed to Hand Candidate at this Election; and had not determined with himself not to Hand, till the Day before the Election; when, being ill, he made over his Interest to Mr. Pauncefort, and desired Mr. Estcourt to act accordingly; which Mr. Estcourt did: And he went to Jos. Adey, for his Letter to William Adey, in favour to Mr. Pauncefort; which he had; and, upon the Delivery of it, William Adey promised not to oppose him the said Mr. Pauncefort.

That, as to the Practices of the Sitting-Members Agents;

Nic. Hays said, He was present when the Precept was published lor this Election; and that, he apprehended, it was not done in the usual Manner; for they used to be summoned to the Town-hall, to consider. of it; which was not now done; but Mr. Adey, the Deputy-Steward, after the Precept was read, adjourned to a Tavern, or Alehouse, where the Election was made.

John Woodman said. That John Adey, One of the Burgesses, ordered him to distribute Cyder and Beer; which he did, to the Value of 9/. at several times, before the Election, amongst all the Burgesses; and he told him, They would choose such Parliament-Men as should pay for it: And, that after the Election, William Adey asked him for his Bill, and offered him Five Guineas to discharge it; which he did not take, because it was not his full Due: But, he said, he had threatened to sue both Adeys before they offered to pay him.

Edward Browne junior said, That about a Week after his Father was gone from home, William Adey gave him Two Guineas to go after his Father, and bring him back, or help him to the Speech of him: And, Tw o or Three Days after, the said Browne said, That William Adey gave him another Guinea; and withal told him, He had given his Father Money; and, if he could not find him, he would make the Election void: That his Father shewed him Six Guineas, Three at one time, and Three at another; which, he told him, he had from William Adey; and that Wm. Adey desired his Father to vote for Two that he should name; but did not name them; and it was reported he did not know their Names himself.

Robert Pawley said, That he w as in Company with

William Adey an Hour after the Election; and, dilcourfing him, he said, He had not got much; for Gold, he law none; but, however, he would engage, that Gentleman that would give him most Money should be Parliament-Man for Malmesbury.

John Hamond said, That, in November last, having Adey in Custody by a Warrant from the Chancery, prosecuted by Mr. Burnaby, Adey said. That Mr. Burnaby was in the wrong; for that the Election would be made void; and he had so many Voices at his Command that Mr. Burnaby might have been Parliament-Man.

That, for the Sitting-Member Mr. Pauncefort, as to the Alderman's casting Voice; they called,

Abraham Huggins, who had been a Housekeeper Malmesbury above 60 Years: Who said, The Alderman, in electing Town-Officers, had always a casting Voice, in case his Voice made the Numbers equal: and had known the Alderman have it twice at Elections for Parliament-Men; but could not name the Persons nor the Time.

John Adey said, He was offered Threescore Guineas, by Captain Stubbs, to set aside this Election: That, he understood, it was to have testified something, by way of Promises or Gifts, on behalf of Mr. Pauncefort, or Mr. Wicks: That he never heard of Mr. Pauncefort till the Day of Election; and that he was chosen upon Sir Thomas Estcourt's Recommendation.

Mr. John Bird said, That Mr. Wicks did not think of Handing till he put him in mind of it; and that he went down on Wednesday before the Election; and, on Thursday, he met Mr. Huggins, and told him, He came

23 to

Making Militia, more useful.

Exporting

Wool.

Duties on Glass.

Suppressing

Lotteries.

11 w. hi.

29 ° — 3 0° Martii.

623

to represent Mr. Wicks', but that he had not then spoken Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read To-monow to any of the Burgesses.: Thereupon Mr. Huggins went Morning.

with him to the Burgesses Houses, to desire their Votes: but he never went to a Publick-house till the Monday before the Election; and then there was a Letter produced from the Lord Wharton, wherein he laid, He would come down, and make good his Promises.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to these Resolutions;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Michael Wicks El'quire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury, in the County of Wilts.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Edu ard Pauncefort Esquire is duly elefited a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Malmesbury.

O1

s*'

eV

The First Resolution being read a Second time; A Motion was made, and the Question was put. the Report be re-committed:

And the House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, forte ^{u^Z

That

1105-

102.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 30° die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3th.

Prayers.

THE Lord Cornbiay reported from the Committee * to whom the Bill to enable posthumous Children. inherit their Father's Estate was committed, That had examined and considered the fame; and had <3-rested him to report the same to the House, without a-Amendment; and he delivered the same in at the ClerL?

Table: And an Amendment was made by the IToufe the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingossed.

A Petition of Philip Howard Esquire was presente<^l. "to the House, and read; setting forth, That he is hiv^*-W-» l-v concerned in the Bill depending, relating to the R*^. /

Oak Lottery: And praying to be heard before the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie ur>on tv> 't~* until the said Bill be read. 6 5

Posthumous Children to inherit.

.Y>le

Tellers for the Noes,(?ir*

'fMr.Garym:

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Matter touching the Election for the said Borough of Malmsbury be heard by the Committee

of Privileges and Elections upon Friday next come

Fortnight, upon the said Re-commitment.

Ordered, That the Bond, mentioned in the fai<jl Re- ____

port, given to Eduard Brown therein named, be produced Consent of his Guardians and next Relations^to

at the Hearing of the said Cause. Contract for the buying-in his Mother's Jointure

fell a finall Estate in Great in the Coia

Resolved, That this House will, upon Friday Morn- Hertford-, and likewise for the securing ancj

ing next, resolve itfelfinto a Committee of the whole Portion for Sifter of the said

House, to consider of the Bill for making the Militia of and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioneci - 6>

Suppress

Lotteries

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled A to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant ' -t\ Byde's

Oerkfrtrkt rtf 1 i*n flitAinJinMn nnrl rt rtvt "Dnlr.*.* L 0 fp. m

this Kingdom more useful; and nothing to intervene.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual....

Exportation of Wool out of this Kingdom be read a Second time upon Friday Morning next.

read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time

to

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to

Ordered, That Mr. Howard have Leave the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

f rfiari

v/ut(tu, xuai me «tpuu iium me vwu.iu.uw, w Mr. Duncomb, from the Commissi0^?11^ ? all whom the Petitions relating to the Duties remaining up- according to Order, presented to the H0]* §ervice? 5 on Glass-wares is referred, be made upon Saturday Morn- of Money paid on Account, of Transp0 Casta

----- - an Account of what remains unpaid; 911

is now in the Transport-Office.

And the Title thereof was read: v

And the said Account is as followeth;

was

into rcavi

of

Absence.

arts, TnaJxP01

Service.

and

that

ing next,

Ordered, That the Bill for the Suppressing of the Royal

ACCOUNT of MONEY paid on Account of Transport-Service; and an Account of what remains

and of Calli that is now in the Transport-Office.

unpaid

There has been paid to Shipping, in general, for carrying Forces by the Voyage, by the Head,] and by the Month, in 1692; and for Provisions, and all other Necessaries, for Transporta-j tion of the Army, on all Occasions, from 15th February 16-J4, to this time; the Sum of There is due to Ships that were employed in transporting Forces, Ammunition, Provisions, 1 Sfc. during the late War in Ireland, no Provision having been made for their Payment, the I Sum of - - - - " - -

s. d.

369,881

14-

3*

325,305 *3

75.552 14 11

And there is due to Ships that were hired for Transport-Service, in the-!

Year 1693, not provided for ..... -j

Interest due for the fame, being by Contract to be paid from a Month after! the Ships were discharged; viz. the 29th of October 93, to 29th Instant,> 24,554 13 6£

is Five Years Five Months; at 6 /. per Cent, per , comes to -J ——

There is due to Ships that transported the Army from Holland and Flanders, to England, Scor-l land, and Ireland, the Latter-end of 97, and were discharged in April 1698, and their > Accounts adjusted, the Sum of - - - - -J

Total due

V01. XII.

ACCOUNT

624

Abuses in Kings Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Duty on Irish Linen.

Hough's

Estate.

Conway'a Eftatts.

Leave of Absence.

Penalties on pretence of Embezzlement of Prizes.

Leave of Absence.

Petition from

Portsmouth

Garnfon*

Copper

Coinage.

30° Martii.

A. 1699.

ACCOUNT of Cash in the Office.

Tallies on the id 3*. Aid, payable after - ... 1,318,664 — *-

Tallies on Coals, transferred to Leather, payable after - 491,283 — —

Malt-Tickets, the 104th and 1,12th Payments - -

Tallies on the Two Millions, payable in September next -

In Money ——

£. d.

1,500 ——

4.021 9 7

500 ——

1,111 10 11

i, % 7 15 7

£ s. d.

9,030 16 1

Memorandum: The above Tallies and Malt-Tickets are to pay Freight that is due to foveral Ships, that carried Provisions to Newfoundland, in the Year 1697; which Ships going the nce on foreign Voyages, the Papers

by which their Accounts must be made up are not yet come to hand.

The 1,897/. 15 0. id. in Money, is to pay Tradesmen for Provisions furnished for the Dutch Forces, lately failed to Holland-, and to pay the last Half-Freight to the Ships that carried them, upon Return of their Certificates that they are landed.

March the 29th, 1699.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire into the ill Prafties and Abufies of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be made upon Monday Morning nett.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill to take off the Duty of Irish Linen, to be imported into England: And that the Lord Comngsby do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

An ingrossed Bill for the Sale of the Estate of Zenobia Hough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for the Sale of the Estate of Zenobia Hough, for the Payment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Sloan, according to Order, presented to die House a Bill to enable Popham Conway Esquire, and his Two younger Brothers, to make Leases of their Estates; and the same was received} and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Colonel Probert have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir Charles Lloyd have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions,

A Bill to indemnify the Captains of his Majesty's Ships from such Penalties, and Disabilities, as have been in-flifted upon them, upon Pretence of Embezzlements of Goods, taken as Prizes, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Sir Reheard Seymour have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Major-General Erie being in the House, the Petition of the Gunners of the Garison of Portsmouth, which was presented to the House on Monday last, was read j setting forth *

Of which Major-General Erie gave the House an Account.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Merchants, was presented to the House, and read; setting Capture of forth, That the Petitioners, having made a Trading Voyage Ship to Napoli de Romania, and designing homeward, for su Elizabeth. Turkey, did, in October 1690, embark themselves, as Passengers, on board a Vessel called St. Elizabeth, bound for

Constantinople, wherein they had the Sum of 7,250....

of Eight, in Silver, besides Rings, Jewels Cloaths, and Arms, to above 300 /. besides their Books of Accounts:

That in the said Voyage, Captain Lambert, Commander of the Ship called Newcastle, did take the said Ship St.

Elizabeth, and barbarously stripped the Petitioners of Money and Goods, contrary to the Laws of the Nation:

And praying, That the said Captain Lambert may make Restitution of what he hath unjufdy taken from them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House:

.....Mr. Thursby, Mr. Moor, Mr. Nezv-

port, Mr. Cowper, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Rowl. Gwyn, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr. Dyot,

Lord Conningsby, Sir James Hoblon, Mr. John, Mr.

Heysham, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Cope, Mr. Scobell,

Mr. Clayton, Dr. Dacenant, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Tredenham, Sir Chr. Musgroce, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Lozvther,

Sir Richard Cocks, Sir John Bolls, Sir John Wolstenholme,

Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Onslow, Lord Powlett: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Justices of the Peace, and the Grand gupprefl;n Jury, of the County of Middlesex, assembled at the Lotteries.8 General Sessions of the Peace, held for the said County the 27th of February 1698, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That several evil-disposed Persons have, for many Years, for their own private Lucre and Advantage, set up divers Lotteries, whereby they fraudulently get great Sums of Money from unwary Persons, to the Ruin of themselves and Families: And pray some Order may be made for Suppressing the said Lotteries.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read.

The Bill was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, To- Ditto, morrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Bill for regulating the Method of Elections. — Qualifying of Votes in Cities, Boroughs, and Cinque-Ports, for electing Members to serve in Parliament, be read upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That Mr, Yaks, Mr, Mountague, Mr. Foley, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Hoar; and all the Members for the Counties of , Bucks, and Cornwall; he added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to prevent the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence was committed.

A Petition of Sirquis de Mtrza, and others, Armenian

Resolved, That this House will not receive any more new Bufinefe, but what is now depending, during this received Session. receive

new Duuntifi not to be

Ordered, That the Bill for the better ascertaining and Duties on collecting the Duties on Salt; and preventing the ill Practices used to defraud the King of the said Duties; be read Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock.

The

Supply.

Half-pay

Officers

Supply Bill; Laud Tax*

Committees*

Irish Arrears

Hereditary Excise Patentees.

Suppressing

Lotteries.

A Id worth's Estate.

nW. III. 30° — 31 *-Marti*. 615

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Supply be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cooper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cmvper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Cowper also acquainted the House, That he was directed by the said Committee to move, That a List of the General Officers of the Army, who are his Majesty's ..... born Subjects; and of their Pay, according to the Establishment; may be laid before the House.

Ordered, That the Secretary at War do lay before this House a List of the General Officers of the Army, who are of his Majesty's natural-born Subjects; and of their Pay, according to the Establishment.

Ordered, That the Earl of Ranelagh do lay before this House a List of the Officers of the Army, who are to have Half-Pay; and what their Half-Pay is to be.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, after the Report of the Resolutions from the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One Million Four hundred eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 31* die Martii;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

ORDERED, That the Report from the Committee,' to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot'* Regiment was referred, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Patentees, and others who are interested-in annual Sums, payable out of the Hereditary Excise, inf behalf of themselves, and divers others, is* referred, have Power to fend for Persons, Papers, and Records.

A Petition of the Lord Mayor, Aldermen, and Common-Council, of the City of London, was presented to the1 House, and read; setting forth, That several evil-disposed Persons have, for many Years past, for their own private Advantage, set up divers Lotteries with the City of London; and particularly the Royal Oak Lottery; whereby they unjustly get great Sums of Money from unwary Persons: That there being a Bill depending for the suppressing the said Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries: And praying the said Bill may pass with Effect Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill to enable Robert Alduwlh, and Anne his Wite^ to fell their Estate in or near {Vantage, in the County of Berks, lor the railing of 300l. for Payment of his Debts; and for applying the Residue of the Monies arising by the Sale for the purchasing feme other Estate, for the foie Benefit of his Wife and Children; was read the Third time.

Vol. XII.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title lie, An Act to enable Robert Alduorth, and his Wife, to fell their Estate, in or near in the County of

Berks, for railing300l. for Payment of his Debts; and for applying the Residue of the Money for purchasing feme other Estate, for the sole Use of- his Wife and Children.

Ordered, That Mr. Rowney do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Ixirds, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of George Scott Esquire, to pay his Debts, and raile Portions for his Brothers and Sifter; and to settle other Part of his Estate; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Barth.1 Shower, M r. Carteret, Sir JVm. Ashurst, Mr. Gwyn, Mr. Newport, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Halsey, Sir Garrard, Mr. Campion, Sir Robert AusSir Henry Mr.

Smith, Mr. Herbert, Sir Robert Cotton, Sir John Bolls, Sir Arthur Owen, Mr. Brothei'ton, Mr. Mr.

vill, Mr. England, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Dalby, Mr. stevens, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Freeke, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Stringer, Mr. Ekins, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Fennel, Mr. OJfley, Mr. Desbovery, Mr. Nicholson, Sir Theophilus Oglethorp; and all that serve for the County of Kent: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Chairman of the Committee, upon the Report of every private Bill, do acquaint the House, That the Allegations of the Bill have been examined; and that the Parties concerned have given their Consents, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: And that the same be a handing Order of the House.

A Petition of divers Pewterers, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Patentees, and others, who are interested in annual Sums, payable out of the Hereditary Excise* in behalf of themselves, and divers others, is referred.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Pfofecuting, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Burglary, or House-breaking, or Rbfcbery in Shops and Warehouses, was committed;

Aiid the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the Bill, were once read throughout; and then feme of them a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered \That the Bill be re-committed to the same Committee.

Mr. Chancellor of the Exchequer acquainted the House, That his Majesty had been pleased to appoint to be attended by this House upon Monday next, at Four a Clock, at Kensington.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewknor have Leave to go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Topham have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of Dame Elizabeth Windham, in relation to Sir Francis Windham, a Member of this House, be made upon Thursday Morning next: And that Sir Francis Windham do then attend in his Place.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Doctor Newton:

7 U Mr.

Scott's

Estate#

Report off Private Bills*

Hereditary Excise Patentees.

Apprehend- ing Felons.

King appoints to be attended.

Leave of Absence.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit*

626 31* Martii — A. 169#.

Mr. Speaker,

Leeke's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

Estate. enable Catharine Leeke, an Infant under the Age of One-

and-twenty Years, to settle and dispose of her Estate upon her Marriage: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

Eordington, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for *c Manors. gaje Qf the Manor of L, alias and

Whitway, and divers Lands in the County of Sussexand for laying out 5,000 /. in purchasing other Lands, to be settled in lieu thereof: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

Okeover's The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to en-state* able Thomas Okeocer Gentleman, Son and Heir apparent of Rowland Okeocer, of in the County of

ford, Esquire, together with the said Roioland to

make a Jointure and Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Okeocer: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Supply, Mr. Coxiper, according to Order, reported, from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider further of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the fidd Committee*, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for giving Half-Pay to the Commission-Officers, his Majesty's natural-born Subjects of England, of Horle, Dragoons, and Foot, disbanded, and to be disbanded, till the said Officers shall be fully paid off, and otherwise provided for.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for securifig and paying the Arrears of Pay due to the General Officers of the Army, upon the English Establishment, from the First of January 1696, to the First of Jamary 1697, not exceeding the Sum of 50,000^.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Provision be made for paying the General Officers of the Army, upon the English Establishment, being his Majesty's natural-born SobjeQs of England, according to the last Establishment, during the kte War, from the First Day iff January 1697, to the First Day of January 1698.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Provision be made for securing and paying the Arrears of Pay and Subsistence, due to the Officers and Soldiers of the Army, upon the English Establishment, to the 25th Day of March 1699.

The Fiift Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out the last "and," and inferring "or," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon,

agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the said Committee in the said Resolution, so amended. That Provision be made for giving Half-Pay to the Commission-Offlcers, his Majesty's natural-born Subjects of England, of Horle, Dragoons, and Foot, disbanded, and to be disbanded, till the said Officers Audi be fully paid off, or otherwise provided for.

The rest of the Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and " Doctor Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

Cay's, &c. The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An A Nat.. to naturalize Scipio Guy, and others, with feme Amend* ments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this iHouse:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

16

for settling Augmentations on certain Vicarages for ever, Augmenting with some Amendments: To which they desire the Vicarages. Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers w ithdrew.

Resolved, That the Bill for the more effectual preventing Exporting the Exportation of Wool be read a Second time upon Wool. Monday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morn- Making ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole l "or^ House, to consider of the Bill for making the Militia of u e,ul* this Kingdom more useful.

Resolved, That the Bill for the better ascertaining and Duties on collecting the Duties on Salt; and preventing the ill Salt. Practices ufedte defraud the King of the said Duties j be now read.

The Bill was read the First time.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Eleven supply Bill; a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole Lund lax. House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty-four

thousand and Fifteen Pounds.....Eleven-pence

Three Farthings, for difoanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Suppressing Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read a Second time Lotteries. Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Claims for whom the Petition of Captain Crow, relating to Prizes, 1>nzt<* was referred, be taken into Consideration upon 1'uesday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn- Ways and ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole &leans* House, to consider of Ways and Menus for railing ihe Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That such Resolutions of the Committee of Supply, the whole House, who were to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, as have not been yet reported, be reported to the House Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived. Committed

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

1Sabbati, 1* die Aprilis;

Undeeimo Gulietmi 361.

Praters.

THE House took into Consideration the Amend- Guys, &c.

ments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Nat.

An Act to naturalize Scipio Guy, and others:

Which, being read, are a3 follow; viz.

2 Pr. 37 L. leave out " John Preston, Son of u RauzUh Preston, by Anne his Wife, born in Dot- mark:"

3 Pr. 29 L. after " France,'* insert " Envertre dt " Meansse Saurency, Son of Jacobde Meansse Saurettcy,

" by Mary de Jotteret his Wife, born at Orleans, in " France; and Paul Margaret, Son of John Margaret,

" by Eleanor his Wife 4 Pr. 7 L. leave out " John Preston

13 L. after " Hurry,'*insert

" Meansse Saurency and Paul Margaret .*"

38, 39 L. leave out " John Preston 5 Pr. L. L. after " Hurry," insert " Envertre dp Meansse Saurency, and Pend Margaret

6 Pr. 23 L. leave out " John Preston

8 L.

Prohibition of foreign Bone-lace.

Sefiards

ElUte.

Lafcetls

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Transport' Debt*

11 w III.

i* Apr ills.

6 % *]

8 L. after " jHurry* add " Saurency, and Paul Margaret

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Johnson do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

Erwertn de Meansse the Men were fared: That the said Petitioners have applied themselves to the Commissioners for Transport ation; who were pleased to report, That the Owners ought to have Satisfaction: And praying the y may be paid, ytith. the rest of die Transport-Debts.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table -

A Petition of several Dealers in, and Makers of, Bone-lace, inhabiting in the Town of Colyton, in the Behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That they have been greatly relieved by the Act of Parliament for the Prohibition of foreign Bone-lace; and are informed, there is a Petition presented to the House, desiring the said Act. may be repealed: And praying to be heard against the Repeal of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Clothiers, Clothworkers, Traders in the Woollen Manufactures, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town of Ratchdale, in the County Palatine of

is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting certain Lands of Sir Tho. Setiard Baronet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifters Portions charged therewith, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Brother-Ion, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. BrewSir Jl'm. Sir

Ja. O.render, Mr. Sloan, Sir Rich. Farrington, Sir Robert Davers, Mr. Freeman, Si r Wm Mr Lord Cornbury, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir John Mordant,

Mr. Ashurst, Mr. Champneys, Mr. Campion, Sir Henry Gaffe, Mr. Freckc," Sir IVm. Husler, Sir Jo.

Gower, Sir Thomas Wagstaffc, Sir Henry Ashurst, Mr.

Blofeild, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Osbourne, Mr. Mounstevens, Lord Farefax, Mr. j and all that serve for the Counties of Kent and Sussex: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate of Thomas Eifquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Hustler, Mr. Conyers, Sir James Oxenden, Mr. Vane, Sir John Leveson, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. t,

Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Clerk, Sir Robert Eden, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Dyott, Sir Butler, Mr. York, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Wm. JVogan, Mr. Yates, Sir Wm. St. Quint m, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Campion,

Sir Jof. Tredenham, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr. Osborne, Mr, Shane, Mr. Hughes, Mr. H, Mr. Mr.

Stater, Sir Fran. Molyneux, Mr. Thomhagh, Mr. Philips-, and all that serve for the County of York: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker s Chamber.

Ordered, That Sir John Rogers have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Petition of William Beficick Matter, and Richard Holden Merchant, both of them Part-owners of the Ship Mary, was presented to the House, and read'; setting forth. That the said Ship Mary was, In January V603, employed, by the Commissioners for Transpoetation, to transport several Officers, and Foot-Soldiers, of Colonel Hamilton's Regiment, hem Deptford to Qstand: That going into Ostend Harbour, ills MajestyS Ship Julian, end other Ships, preffvng to get in, forced the Matter to drop Anchor without Harbour; but the Officers, being impatient to get alhore, out the Cable; and the Ship immediately drove alhore, and was utterly loft, though

Vol. XII.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An to enable Thomas Okeooer Gentleman, Son and Heir ap — parent of Rowland Okeover, of Okeener, in the County <0^ Stafford, Esquire, tqgetlier with the said Rowland Ok* — ' over, to make a Jointure and Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Okeover, was read fi: time.

Resolved, That the Bill he read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, frotn the Lords, intituled, An ^V. to enablE Catherine Leeke, an Infant under the Ages One-and-tweoty Years, to settle and dif|>ofe of her upon her Marriage, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

S Leeke*» ►f Cflute

A Petition of Michad Heyn, and divers tether Pro*: ant Foreigners, who were under the Command of gadier Cholmondeley, and disbanded, according to the

Act of Parliament, was presented to the House, and,

setting forth, That the Petitioners have served d» x

the War in Flanders, under the Command of the.

Brigadier Cholmondley, and have great Sums due to for their Arrears, and Subsistence; and though they several times applied themselves to the said Brijradio his inferior Officers, for their Money, yet cannot fame; but once, under Pretence of paying "fohe

giving them the full Value for their Horiesjc>onjeir* ~ Q.nd

Petitioners to bring their said Horses to the t*1®

where they ftHl detain them, without any Satisa# made, either in respect of their Money due, or Horses: And praying Relief in the Premises. etr

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said

referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition <l»±' the Soldiers of Colonel Coetds Regiment is referred.

Army ri~ Arrears, ^te

Imprison-mervt of Counter, &c.

An ingrossed Bill for the continuing of # Counter, and others, for the la*®

to afi'affinate the Person of his Sacred the Third time. , .^at

Rfolved, That the Bill do pals-. _

be, An Act for1 '‘the continuing the

Counter, and others, for the late h4*1.« assassinate the Person of his Sacred MaJ® . e Rill Ordered, That Mr. Cozcper do c*p<2LeWato.

Lords, and desire their Concurrence

tred Ship H°Pe-

Sir Richard Farrington, according to Or"er> £ to the House a IBM to enable the 6hip nope,

Length, and very servicfeable for bringing Malts M*

Kingdom, to trade us an English-built Ship-

feme was received. ______

Ordered, That the Bill he read upon Monday ^rJotcncmr ing.

A Complaint being ssm.de to the House, That one privilege of

Stanton being fammoned to attend the , a

whom the Petition of Rady is referred, he was arr by Randall,.*. BaiM", at the Suit of* Pargiter, Go JL «i-finith; in Breach of the Privilege of this House

Ordered, That it be referred to the Comimttfecs w Privileges and Elections, to examine the Matter of" laid Complaint; and to report foe fame, with their O nion therein, to the House. A-!-

Mr. Freeman, according to Order, reported, from th Committee, to whom the several Petitions relating to Ar>-

Duties ft ill remaining upon Gkds-warcs were referred tli

Matter, os i ft appeared to the said Committee, and the He /

folutiotw of the Committee thotenpon; wfcieh they h*j

1 directed

fruties on trials.

X,

628

10j/iprilis.. _ 1698.

directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow,

That the Committee had considered of the several Petitions to them referred, complaining of their Sufferings under th£ Duty which is laid upon the Glass Manufactures; and did examine a few Witnesses attending, to make good the Allegations therein;

Cha. Jones, Masser-worker, said. That, before the Duty was laid, he used to work 40 or 45 Weeks in a Year; but, since, has not worked a Year in the Whole; and not above Nine Weeks since the Half-Duty was taken off.

John Colt said, That he has worked but very little since the Whole Duty; and not Two Months since the Half Duty was off; has been forced, for want of Work, to pawn all his Goods, except his Bed, which his Landlord threatens to seize for Rent.

Jacob Vihitelly laid. That he hath not worked One

Year since the Duty has been laid; and but Nine Weeks since the Half-Duty was off; and verily believes. That, if the Duty be continued* he shall have no Employment.

Mr. Pilling said, That he hath had but very little Employment since the Duty was laid.

Fra. Jackson said, That he was forced to lay down his Glass-Works at Lynn-Regis, so soon as the Duty was at first laid; and since the Half-Duty was off, has only set his Flint-house to work, only for working up his present Stock; but must be forced) to leave it off again, if the remaining Duty be not taken off:

That the Collection of the Duty is very grievous to those Manufacturers that pay the Duty upon Coals; and is much more unealy to them than the Duty upon Coals: That the Duty upon Glals prevents the Consumption upon Coals, to that Degree, That there is much more loft by the former, than is gained by the latter, to the Crown; and, if the Glals-Duty be continued, that Manufacture must be loft; and then the Duty upon Coals will be very much lessened; whereas, if the Glass-Duty be taken off, the Consumption of Coals will be lb greatly increased, as to bring in a much greater Duty by the extraordinary Consumption of Coals, than the present Duty doth now produce:

And further said,.That all the Glals that is broken after the Duty is paid, is loft to the Manufacturers; for the Duty is paid, or secured, as soon as made; and Breakage of Glass is very great in all Works:

That the Difficulties of Drawbacks on Exportation is a great Inconveuiency; and many will rather lose it, than be at the Trouble and Charge of drawing back, especially for small Quantities:

That their belt Workmen are sollicited to go into foreign Parts, where there is great Encouragement given: Many are already gone; and more will loon go, if the Duty be not taken off.

That then tire Committee took into their Consideration several Accounts, which were sent for, by them, from the Commissioners of the Customs, and the Commissioners for managing the Glass-Duty, in order to find a true State of what the said Duties have amounted to: And,

That it appeared, by an Account from the Commissioners of the Glals-Duty, That from Michaelmas 1695, to the First of August 1098, the net Produce of the entire Duties upon Glass wares, Stone and Earthen Bottles, paid into the Exchequer, amount to 13,500l.:

That it appeared, by an Account from the Commissioners of the Customs, That the Produce of the Duty upon Whale-Fins, for Six Months past, amounted to 3,679/. 12s. gid.:

That the Duty upon Scotch Linen, for the same time, amounted to 4,288/. 10 s.id.; which makes, in the Whole, 7,968/. 2 s.\oid.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee -came to the several Resolutions following: viz.

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the remaining Duties on Glass-wares are very prejudicial to the said Manufacturers, are vexatious and

chargeable in the Collection, and of finall Advantage to the Crown.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the remaining Duties upon Glals-wares, if continued, will lessen the Duty on Coals, to the Prejudice of the Crown, much more than the Duties on Glals-wares will amount to; will hinder the employing great Numbers of Poor; and, in great measur, lole the Glass Manufactures of this Kingdom.

And, that as to the Petition of John Bellingham, and others, for the Continuance of the present Duty;

It appeared to the Committee, That the said Petition was procured by the Commissioners of the Glass-Duty, and made use of for Delay only, in the Proceedings upon the other Petitions: For which, and divers other Reasons, the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Petition , is groundless.

The laid Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for taking off the remaining Duties upon Glals-wares: And that Mr. Freeman, Sir John Packington, and Mr.

do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Cou'per, according to Order, reported, from the Supply.

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred to consider of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, another Resolution; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in 1 his Place; and afterwards delivered in at tire Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be. allowed for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land-Service, for the Year 1699.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That a Sum, not exceeding Fifty thousand Pounds, be allow ed for the Charge of the Office of Ordnance, for Land-Service, for the Year 1.699.

J

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do Hul£P*y lay before the House the Establishment of Half-Pay for Officer*. -the Officers of the old Marine Regiments.

Ordered, That the Names of Captain bison. Ditto.

Lieutenant Stremer Thomas, Lieutenant Henry Holland,

Ensign John Medan, Ensign Adams, Captain William Davison, Captain John Bellingham, and Captain Francis Sanderson; the Consideration of whom were referred to the Committee of the whole House, who were to confide? of the Supply to be granted to his Majesty; be added to the Lift of the Officers, who are to have Half-Pay,

A Petition of Samuel Bernardeau, Peter Chantreau Bernar<sea«T* Desgaudres, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to &c* Nat-his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards, was presented to the House, and read;. setting forth, That they being Refugees from their native Country, upon Account of their Religion, and having quitted All upon Account of the fame; and being married to English Women, and having great Families, and nothing to support them withal but their Polls; that there being a Bill sent down from the Lords, for the Naturalization of your Petitioners: And praying the Circumstances may be considered, and the Bill permitted to pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the said Bill be read.

Sir George Rooke, from the Commissioners of the Ad- Navy miralty, presented to the House an Estimate of the Debt Eflimu,r of his Majesty's Navy, upon the several Heads thereof, as it Hood the One-and-thirtieth of December 1698.

The Title whereof was read;

And the said Estimate is as followeth

An

I I W. III.

3^-2tpritis.

#29

An ESTIMATE of the Debt of his Majesty's Navy, on the Reads mider mentioned, as. it fteod, ou\h u

of December 1698. Q 3^th

Due on Bills in the Second Book; namely, Pursers Balance- Bills, and for extra-necessary Money!

Pensions, Half-Pays, Surgeons Free-Gift, Pilotage, &c. occurred before the 26th March 1686/ >0°o,

Wear and Tear.

d.

Due on Bills on the present Register, for Stores of all Sorts, Workmanship,' Freight of hired Men of War and Tenders, Disbursements, Salaries, Pen-lions, Bounty to Widows and Orphans, Pilotage, Transportation of Stores, Imprefts, Bills of Exchange; and for Malls, Planks, Pitch, Tar, Timber, and other Stores now delivering; Disbursements, Freight of Tenders, and other Services, for which no Bills are yet made out; and the Debt of the Out-Ports; the Sum of - For Wages to his Majesty's Yards, Guardlhipe, and Ordinaries -

L d.

357*47$ ——

1.59,182, —

Seamens Wages.

Due to his Majesty's Ships "*>.to °ff I Hf°$ Z Z

For the Recalls of those paid off, whole Books are not yet cleared: Calcu-1

lated from the said Ships Books; by cabling each Man's Wages remaining > 337,054 ——

unpaid thereon; as also what remains in Arrear in the Books made up J

Victualling.

For the Service of the victualling his Majesty's Navy, according to an Account! received from the Commissioners thereof ----- -j

Sick and Wounded.

For the Service of the Sick and Wounded, as by an Account received from! the late Commissioners thereof to the 30th of June lait; being the time/-their Commission is laid to have cealed ----- -J

From the First of July, when that Business was transferred to the Register-l Office - -- - -J

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Suppressing

Lotteries.

516,65,

*,261,

32*2,

'33

028

58,602 — —

1,013 —

Regiller-Office.

Due to the Seamen that had registered themselves, for his Majesty's Service, according to the latel Act ot' Parliament, on Account of their annual Allowance of 40 a Man; and the Contingencies of the Offices in London, and at Dover, for the Cinque-Ports; the Sum of - -J

Total - - - j. 2,345,9

Viz. Two Millions Two hundred forty-five thousand Nine hundred Fifty-seven Pound*. Memorandum: The Debt of the Marine Regiments for Service on Shore is not inducted in this Estimat

proper Accounts for adjusting the same being not yet delivered in.

Ordered, That the said Estimate do lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of the House.

The House, according to the Order of the Day, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cawpertook the Chair of the Committee-

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cawper reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

ReJ'ohrd, That this House will, upon Mondap Morning next, at Ten a Clock, notwithstanding any Order to the contrary, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read a Second timp on Monday Morning.

Luna, 3* die Aprilis; Undecimo Gulielm!

Leave of

Absence.

rordi»gt°n. Sec Mwbots.

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Praters. Com nr* a ttee, N eedwoixi

ORDERED, That the Report ft® __ 'freeLv<->H<^ers, F«#r«ftRightt.

to whom the Petition of tRe and

and other Inhabitants, who have R*6*r ffeedft'wdv i the Common, in the Forest, or Chace, o* e Lanc&aB^&£r,

County of Stafford, Parcel of the Duchy^ was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That Sir John JLevmn Officer haw to

go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occassions.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An for Sale, of the Manor of Zjordington, alias Lurti?£gg~&~am* and Whitvey, and divers Land?, in the County of

and for laying out Five thousand Pounds in purcfaaaJLaarag

other Lands, to be settled in fieu thereof;was reacT

First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Freeke have Leave to go into Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Mr. Lewis have Leave to go into

Country, upon extraordinary Occafiora. —

Ordered, That the Report, from the Committee of vileges and Elections, touching the Election for the rough of Corse-Castle, in the County of Dorset, beinaw upon Thut'sday Morning next.

: Xie Leave of A

Vol. XII.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself iotc» Committee of the whole Hoffie, to consider further of

' the

A. 1699.

the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for Other necessary Occasions.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had made a further Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning at Ten a Clock, refblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

>^olen

Manufacture

Wake's

Estate.

Price's

Estate.

Andrews'

Estate.

Ayre and) Calder Navigation.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdom of Ireland and England into foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woolen Manufacture in the Kingdom of England; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Wake, alias Jones, to fell Lands, to pay Debts, and to purchase other Lands adjoining to, and formerly Parcel of, his Manor of Waltham, alias Holy-Cross, in the County of Essex, to be settled to the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Ixjrds have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Edward Price Esquire to transfer a Charge of 1,000l. for the Use of his younger Children, from an Estate in the County of Montgomery, to an Estate in the Counties of Hereford and Radnor, of better Value, without any Amendments. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Downham, in the County of Essex, the Estate of Sir Francis; and for buying

and settling other Lands to the same Uses; with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Alio,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill intituled, An Act for making and keeping navigable the Rivers Ayre and Colder, in the County of York, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. And then the Messengers withdrew.

divers others, is referred; and the Committee, to whom the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vemng the real Estate, late of Thomas Lascels Esquire, in Trustees to be sold, for the Payment of his Debts; is committed; be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 4* die Aprilis Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

A BILL to enable Popham Conway Esquire, and his Two younger Brothers, to make Leases of their Estates, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloane, Sir Richard Temple, Lord Combury, Mr. Boyle, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Vernon, Mr. Thursby, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Ja. Sir Chr.

Musgrave, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Dyot, Sir Jos. Tredenham, Sir William VUliers, Sir Rowl. Gtwyn, Sir John Le-veson Gower, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Pultney, Lord Cheine, Mr. Moore, Marquis of Hartington, Mr. Hayes, Sir Phil. Boteler, Mr. Foley, Mr. Crane, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Yates, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Osbdme, Mr. Brewer, Lord Cavendish, Mr. Sand ford: And they are to meet at Eight a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber, upon Thursday Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Edward Hussey have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That a Message be sent to the Lords, to put them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act to make Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davall do carry the said Message.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Matter relating to the Agents of the Manager of the Duty upon Hawkers and Pedlars is referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work.

A Complaint The House being acquainted. That Agent was

withdrawn, discharged out of Prison; and that he desired to withdraw his Complaint;

Ordered, That the said Complaint be withdrawn.

Suppression Ordered, That the Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Lotteries. Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Byde'« Ordered, That the ingrafted Bill from the Lords, in-

Estate. tituled, An Act to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the buying-in his Mother's Jointure; and to fell a small Estate in Great Amwell, in the County of Hertford; and likewise for the securing and railing a Portion for Barbara Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the Act mentioned; be read the Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Encouraging Ordered, That the Bill for establishing and regaining the Fishery. the Fishery be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

A Petition of Susanna Macomtosh was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That James Macomtosh, the Petitioner's late Husband, did serve his Majesty in Ireland during the late Wars, under the Command of Colonel Hamilton; and had a very great Arrear of Pay due to him: That the Petitioner hath not received One Peny thereof; and hath Two Children to maintain, which, for want of the said Pay, are ready to starve: And praying the Consideration of the House; and that Colonel Hamilton may be ordered to pay the Petitioner.

Ordered, Inat the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Regiment is referred.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Wake, alias Jones, to fell Lands, to pay Debts; and to purchase other Lands adjoining to, and formerly Parcel of,;his Manor of Waltham, alias Waltham Holy-cross, in the County of Essex, to be settled to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Thursday Morning next.

Hereditary

Excise

Patentees.

Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee, to whom the Petition of several of the Patentees, and others, who are interested in annual Sums payable out of the Hereditary Excise, in behalf of themselves, and

25

Ordered, That Colonel Osborne, Colonel Kirby, Mr. England, Mr. Philips, Mr. Travers, Sir Robert Edon, M r. Mounstevens, Mr Clayton, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Corners, Mr. Blofedd, Admiral Hobson, Mr. Hancock,

Mr.

Conway'*

Estate.

Leave of Absence.

Billingsgate Fish Market

Bone-lace

makers.

Poor Laws.

Army

Arrears*

Wake9s

Estate*

Capture of

Ship St Elizabeth.

Scott's Eft ate.

Ship Hope.

Lafeels'

Mate.

Bydes,

Estate.

Leave of Abfeoce.

Raising

Militia.

i x w. III.

4*' Aprili

631

Mr. Smith be added to the Committee to whom the Petition of Serquis de Mirza, and other Armenian IVier-chants, was referred.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of George . Esquire, to pay his Debts, and raile Portions for his Brothers and Sifter; and to settle other Part of his Estate; was committed; That they had examined the fame; and found the Allegations to be true; and that all the Persons concerned therein had given their Consents thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Parkhurst, from the Commissionera for Prizes, Clam* presented to the House their Answer to the Petition of m Henry Lawrence, formerly presented to the House;

The Title whereof was read.

And the Answer is as followeth; viz.

To the Honourable the Knights, Citizens, and Burgesses in Parliament assembled:

The principal Commissioners for Prizes Answer to the Petition of Captain Henry L

ABOUT May 1697. The Crowned Mary loaded, with Wine, Brandy, Paper, &c. in France.

Latter End of June 1^97. Was seized by the Dili________

gence Brigantine, Captain Henry Lawrence Commander- —

2d of July 1697, Brought into 22d of September 1697. The Ship and Loading coi demned: but appealed.

15th of March 1697. The Lords of the Treasury

d:

rented, that the might be brought about for I^onOoi and a Letter was sent down to Mr. Cowse that Night,

A Bill to enable the Ship Hope, of great Length, and get all Provisions, and other Necessaries, ready agaii very serviceable for bringing Masts into this Kingdom, the Seamen, which were hired here to bring her abo> to trade as an Ewg/wA-builtShip, was read the First time, came down; who were obliged to be at Plymouth on ~ ~ 26th of March following.

The latter End of April 1698. She arrived at _

The latter End of May 1698, and Beginning of Unloaded out of her, viz. unfilled, 0

90 Calks of Brandy.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Sir William Hustler reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate, late of Thomas Lafcels Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was committed. That they had examined the lame; and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that all the Persons therein concerned had given their Content thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee: and that they had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Thursday Morning next

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

46 Calksof Wine,

21 Calks of Stum.

15 Calks of Vinegar.

272 Calks of Molasses.

1 Calk of Prunes.

6 Calks of Indigo.

19 Barrels of Flints.

105 Bales of Paper.

23d June 1698. The Goods set up for Sale Act of Parliament directs; and fold, for the good in the Account, to the Persons therein menti* nth of November 1698. The whole Loadi

to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant with the Com- One Sixteenth Part of the Ship, condemned, and lent of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Con- Sixteenths of the Ship restored, by the Lords tract for the buying-in his Mother's Jointure; and to fell Appeals.

afmall Estate in Great Anrwell, in the County of Hert- 5th January 1698. The Freight was paid, as ford; and likewise for thefecuring and raising a Portion Account; and the Value of the Sixteenth Part for Barbara Byde, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and Ship, as appraised, and Sixteenth Part

for other Purposes in the Act mentioned; was read a Se- then received by the Receiver-Generals Uepu 3

cond time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Hayes, Sir Charles Barrington, Sir William Villiers, Mr. Tredenham, Mr. Dyott, Mr. Thursby, Sir Wm. Gost-wkke, Mr. Vernon, Major Stringer, Lord , Sir

Richard Cocks, Mr. Brewer, Sir Thomas Wagstaff, Colonel Churchill, Sir Theoph. Oglethorp, Sir Ja. Etheridge, Mr. Hughes, Mr. England, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Henley, Mr. Mounsteoens, Sir Willoughby Hickman, Sir Henry Ashurst, Mr. Hammond; and all for Essex and Hertfordshire: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That Colonel Chur have Leave to go into the Country, for Recovery of his Health.

Ordered, That Mr. Archdale have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

Ordered, That Sir John Turner have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Bill for raising the Militia of this Kingdom for the Year 1699, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

made good in the Account. delivered» pro-

Note, The Lois in Quantity, w^en^oatd; whereby ceeds from their so long lying °n e them

the Hoops were rotted; and, great ?a3'rt

afioned great Leakage: So One-thi*^*:

occasioned great

them came out but a Quarter,

others

full;

and, in general, every one of ^emJ^3igea to

of

lull: But the Commissioners were,^"

AoA r'#>l 11 — the

Freight for the whole Quantity landed,

Custom of Merchants so to d. ... was Note further. From Her first coming 01

delivered, there was always Waiters on 9 ,

well for the Custom-house as for the ExcilO Prize-Office; and Locks kept on the Cellar- Doors, by all Three Sets of Officers, until the tP

the Buyers; which was in Pretence of all of

and the Quantity agreed.

There was also Directions always given, That the tains, or their Agents, might put a Waiter or W"i ers on board, be present at the Sale, and Locks on the Cellar-Doors until Delivery if were so pleased.

Dated the lit of April 1699.

Michael Cole,

Jp- Parkhut

Joh P

That the Consideration of the faiTpe#^*-Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- and Answer, be referred to the Committee, to whorn M<=f) ing next, at Ten a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee Petition of Captain Crow was referred. of the w'hole House, to consider of the said Bill.

rer-e

Lang's

Claim,

Prize

Proceeds.

Duly on Irish Linen.

Letters written by a Member reflecting on the House.

Woolen

Manufacture*

6 32

AprtHs.

A. 1699.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the general Account of Prizes, which hath been laid before this House, be referred to the said Committee.

A Petition of Michael Lang, a Subject of the Kin^of

Denmark, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That in the Month of Meat 1697, the Petitioner gave information to Sir George who was then in

the Channel, of a pretended Swedish Fleet coming from France, loaden with French Effects; which Fleet was accordingly seized, and brought into Plymouth, and prosecuted by the Petitioner, and cnrtdemned as Prizes in the Admiralty; for which Service his Majesty was pleased to order him a Reward of 5,000 I. the EffeCfcs of which Prizes, which are very great and considerable, are in the Hands of the Treasurer of the Navy: And, this Honourable House having been pleased, by their Vote of the 21th of March, to impower the Committee of the whole House to receive a Clause of Appropriation for the Money and Effects in the Hands of the said Treasurer of the Navy, to such Uses as the House shall direCfc, the Petitioner fears he cannotexpect to have any Part of the said Money, without a particular Order of this House: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The Lord Coningsby, according to Order, presented

to the House a Bill to encouragethe Linen Manufactures in Ireland: And the same was received; and read the First lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Sevennight.

A Complaint being made to the House, of several Letters, lent into the Country, by Henry Esquire, a

Member of this House, wherein several of the Members of this House are not only reflected on, but misrepresented, as to their Votes in this House;

And Two of those Letters, being produced to the House, and read, are as follow; viz.

Dear Will, 5th, 98.

Yesterday we had a great Conteftin the House, concerning for augmenting the Forces, which my Bro Member signalized himself for the Good of his Country: He made a very violent Speech for keeping up more Forces than the Sense of the House were for; so that we poor Country Gentlemen were forced to labour hard, and fit late to overcome them: I do really believe he will never give his Country One Vote, he is so linked in with the Court-Party: If you please, you may communicate this to your Friends; and let them know, That I shall always be ready to serve both them, and you, here or elsewhere: So I remain,

Your humble Servant to command,

For Mr. William Wicks, living Hen. Chivers.

in Caine Wiltshire, per Caine Bagg.

Frank, Hen. Chivers.

Dear Potter, London, Febrary 2d, 169^.

I have lent you his Majesty's Speech, and a List of those Gentlemen that voted for a Standing-Army: The Question was put. Whether the Army Ihoind stand, or the Bill be thrown out ? which, God be praised, we carried it; for the Disbanding of the Army, was Two hundred and Twenty one, and the Lift will satisfy you how many were against it; So I remain,

Your Servant to command, For Mr. John Hoskins, at Caine, Hen. Chivers. per Caine Bagg, Wilts.

Free, Hen. Chivers.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Chivers do attend this House in his Place, upon Friday come Sevennight.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation

25

of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England, into foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woolen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England; be taken into Consideration upon Thursday Morning next

Mr. Speaker reported, That he, with the House, did Answer u Yesterday attend his Majesty with their Address, relating Addrefr. to the State of the Navy; and that his Majesty was pleased to give a most gracious Answer thereunto, as followed); Viz.

Gentlemen,

I will consider your Addrefe: It is My Desire, that all Sorts of Milinanagements and Irregularities should be prevented or redressed: You may be allured I will take the belt Care I can in relation to the Navy; the right Management whereof is of ib great Concern to the Kingdom.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a and Committee of the whole House, to consider of Ways Means, and Means for raising the Supply granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resoluftions; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Thursday Morning next.

Mr. Cowper also acquainted the House, That be was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Needwood whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and £?rest other Inhabitants who have Right of Eftovers, and Common, in the Forest, or Chace of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, was referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Claim* for whom the Petition of Captain Crow, in relation to Prizes, Prue*‘ is referred, be taken into Consideration upon Thursday come Sevennight.

Refobved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn- Supply Bill; ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, Land Tax" to consider farther of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four lamdred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Oocafions.

Ordered, That the Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Supprafling Lottery, and all other Lotteries, be react a Second time Loturies-upon Tomorrow Sevennight.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Thursday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 6* die Aprilis;

Undecirno Gulielmi 3tii.

Pray k as.

ORDERED, That Mr. Portma Sir Leveson Conway'1 Gower, Mr. Ashurst, Sir John , Mr. Bridgman, Ertate. Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Pynnell, Colonel Crawford, Mr.

Duties <m

Olafc.

Ship Hope*

Leave of Absence.

Pofthuroous Children to inherit.

Letke's

JKtto.

nW.Ht.

Tredenkam, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable Popham Conway Esquire and his Brother, to

make Leases of their Estate, was committed.

Sir John Packington, according to Order, pretented to

the House a Bill for taking oft' the remaining Duties on Monday Morning next. Glass-wares: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Wednesday Morning next

*33

gf\0

Sir Godfrey Copley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers a* have been in his Majesty's Service, to exercise Trades *.

And the same was received { and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upotv

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lo to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the making and kee: ing navigable the Rivers Ayre end Colder, in the of York, be taken into Consideration upon fVedmsjm^JtOB§. Morning next

A Bill to enable the Ship Hope, of great Length, and very serviceable for bringing Malts into this Kingdom, to trade as an English-built Ship, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Offly,

Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. tiyot, lace-makers, and great Numbers of other Persona of

The Lord Cheiney reported, from the Cotnmi whom the Petition of John and others.

Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Gwynne, Mr. England, Sir Godfrey Tra^> and dealing and felling by Whotefel®, w; Copley, Mr. Carteret, Sir Wm. Cowper, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Matter, appeared to the said Cooimit

Sergeson, Sir Owen Buckingham, Mr. Bemardiston, Mr.

Crocker, Mr. Stonehouse, Mr. Gott, Mr. White, Sir Tho.

Hay, Mr. Freeke, Mr. Yates, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Harley,

Mr. Cowper, Mr. Mountstercem, Mr. Burrard, Mr. Bio-feild, Colonel Yates, Sir John Fagg, Mr. Hancock, Mr.

Hughes, Mr. Smith, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Argyl, Mr.

Cooke: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock in the Speaker's Chamber.

hone lace makers.

a rer^w* Corhmittee; -w he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in ea.'

Clerk's Table: Where the famt was read; and followeth; viz.

That the Committee had examined the Matter arxod a -

That Mrs. White said, She is a Milaner, and la -

tile Minorys; and that when wholesale Lacemex^ T'3 111

come into her Shop, to fell Lace, they have beer* _ aVe by the Commissioners Officers; particularly Hoof *^taed Stoaks: and have been carried before a. -Tuft;,. and

thg

Ordered, Thai Mi. Dj/ol have W ti> *> inti,*.£ KmTlSS? M*-Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. J give t

Ordered, That Sir William Gostwicke have Leave to

go into the Country, upon extraordinary OccasionS.

Ordered, That Mr. Wilkins have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

cers, to release them.

Mr. Hooton, Laceman, of Newport-

That he employs a great many People j th*

and Patterns; and pays them Money: 0err*-

That he was twice taken up by Brio-o- T.

Scott, Three of the Commissioners Ofljc*e

read

-s-,

inherit their Father's Estate was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable posthumous Children to inherit their Father s Estate.

Ordered, That the Lord Combury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their CoucurrenCe thereunto.

in

the jffmorys; and Sir John Hoblyn disch«»>i* That he fells to People who take Licences*, Retail; and he fells himself 30/. or 40/. per y~. That, last Tuesday Night, Briggs told but a small Salary} and if the Commissioners pay him, and give him a larger Salary, he w them no longer; for he had received but 30*.

feU by

A Petition of Robert Peak, and Catharine his Wife, the r.ffiwT u office

ODlj Child and Heir of Samud Lake, deceased. was t a LactmSfof Hertford*

' uaik w . j hetpro

That Stoakes was taken up, and ca!^p.er3 a pi« bert Jefferys; and that he gave the t> pre-v

presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That William Leeke, late Serjeant at Law, died seised of several Lands of Inheritance, leaving Catharine his only Child, an Infant, under the Age of Sixteen: That there are Two Bills come down from the Lords, to enable-the said Catharine Leeke to fell Part of her Lands, and settle the other Part on Marriage; which may be prejudicial to the Petitioner Catharine Peak, who was Daughter to Samuel Leeke, Brother of the said Samuel, and is next Heir to the said Catharine the Infant: And praying Relief

'"SSw, That the said PotMon do lie upon the Table "»' "heret^on h. £« fff 2°' nod, the raid Bii. be read a Second time.

Haifa Crown to discharge bivft theia* ptotni taken up again that Night; which t" not be done. /a\d,

Tho. Pigdall, wholesale taken up by Briggs and J^indsey,10 . 1 therr*

onrl fhoir a fir !nr» Kim a T i/*onP6« t /vl

Sit

ole and t being should

and they asking him for none: And that going first asked him Three

Licence,- Alehou with them [n3°*-

Guineas;

1 a

lie was Shop;

had they to diC-JVdConey,

The Bill was read a Second time.

Resotoed, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Thom-snigh, Mr. Brothertoh, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Barth.

Shower, Mr. Scobell, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir Thomas Wag-staff e, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Haroey, Mr. Ogle, Sir Edon, Sir Fran. Blaake, Sir John Leoeson Gower, Sir Henry Gough, Mr. Stringer, Sir William. Hustler, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Cox, Mr. Granville, Mr. Leigh, Serjeant Wogan, Mr. Edward Kimston, Mr. Etterick, Mr. Hughes,

Mr. Cooper, Mr. Kinaston, Sir Fran. Molyrteur, Mr. Philips, Major Holmes; and all that serve for the Counties of Staff ord and Leicester: And they are to meet this Afternoon-at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee: And that the Committee do examine the Matter of the Allegations of the Bill and the said Petition; and report the same specially to the House.

Vol. XIJ.

worked at the Trade *7 Years; that bd Shop in the Minorys, by Briggs and Lindsey; took 305. to discharge him, after he bed been Justice of the Peace with them.

Thomas Hard, wholesale Laceman, said, Hd up by Briggs and Lindseys and he gave them Tw Six-pence apiece: And that t gave him a keep him from being taken up again:

That he employs People to make Lace, and same wholesale again.

Edward. Spencer, Laceman, said, He deals wh and employs People to work Laces That he up by Briggs and Lindsey, and carried before a

of the Peace, who ordered him to pay 12/ arf.,rw -the Act, but he gave them Two Guineas, and charged. effc

John Seager, Retailer, fells by Retail; and I Hooton and Pignall; hfid has a Licence from the or missioners. 7®

7 Y ' ~

r«6/e.

Mr. Smallwood thanked.

Leave of j^bfrocet

6° Aprilis.

.1699.

Briggs said, That the Commissioners made no distinct Wages; but thought the Penalties enough and when he carried Lacemen before Justices of the Peace, they lwore themselves wlioldale Men; -.and were discharged:

That their Caflrier paid him 30 s.: '

That he was to have Half the Penalties; and the other to go to the Poor.

Mr. Hooton said, Briggs told him, If they would raise him a Sum of Money, he would burn his Licence, and follow it no longer; and that was an easier Way than to petition the Parliament.

Resolved, That the Workers of Bone-lace, his, her, or their Children, Apprentices, Servants, or Agents, and all wholesale Dealers in the said Manufacture, though they go from Shop to Shop, to any their Customers who fell the same again by Retail, shall not be deemed Hawkers and Pedlars, by the Act made in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his Majesty's Reign.

Ordered, That the Thanks of this House be given to Mr. Smallwood, for the Sermon by him preached before

them Yesterday, at St. Margaret's, Westminster: And that he be desired to print the fame: And that Mr. Gerrard and Colonel Mountague do acquaint him therewith.

Sir George Rooke, from the Commissioners of the Ad-

miralty, according to Order, presented to the House a Half-Pay Copy of the Establishment of Half-Pay to the reformed Officer#. Officers of the Two late Marine Regiments.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Copy is as followeth; viz.

William R.

WHEREAS, by the late Reduction of Our Two Marine Regiments commanded by the Marquis of Carmarthen and Sir Clodesly Shovetl, the several Officers of? those Regiments, hereunder named, are become reformed; and We being graciously pleased to allow unto them Half-Pay, as such, until they shall be again commissionated, or employed in Our Service; We do hereby make and pass this Our Establishment, for the said reformed Officers; to commence from the 19th Day of August 1698, and to be paid by the Treasurer or Paymaster of Our Navy for the Time being, unto such of them as shall appear, from time to time, not to be commissionated, or otherwise' provided for in Our Service; according to such further Directions as shall be given by Our Commissioners for executing the Office of Lord' High Admiral of England.

Given at Our Court at Loo, this 20th Day of August 1698, in the Tenth Year of Our Reign.

LIST and ESTABLISHMENT of Half-Pay to the reformed Officers of the Two late Marine Regiments; viz.

per Diem.

£. s. d.

Major Tho. Webberly - 7 2

Captains;

Anto. Gibbons - — 4 8

Stew. 5picer — 4 8

Unton Deering - — 4 8

Wm. Bradbury - — 4 8

Geo. Rodney — 4 8

John.Thornhill - — 4 8

Samuel Odberl - — 4 8

Paul Batchelour - — 4 8

John Van brook - — 4 8

£.2 9 2

In all, Five Pounds Sixteen Shillin and Eight-pence a Day. "

By his Majesty's Command,

Ja. Vernon,

Cha. Mountague,

Ste. Far,

J. Smith.

First Lieutenants.

per Diem.

Captain-Lieutenant 1 O H £ 1 s. d.

mas Horner - -J Captain-Lieutenant Wm.] r 1 2 4

Richards - f- 2 4

Jacob Lavefque- 2 4

Tho. Wheedler - - _ 2 4

John Fofter - - . — 2 4

Wm. Grace - - — . 2 4

Richard Thomas- - — 2 4

Thomas Bourk - — . 2 4

Archibald Purveis - — 2 4

Philip Reever - - — 2 4

Manley Callis - - — 2 4

John Lancaster - - — 2 4

Thomas Browne - - — 2 4

James Saunders- - — 2 4

£1 12 8

Second Lieutenants.

per Diem.

George Hamage - - £ s. 1 A 10

Charles Christian - m — I 10

Chaloner Cooper - m 1 10

George Ord - — 1 10

Edward Cowly - - — 1 10

John Dixon - — . 1 10

James Brough - — 1 10

Vincent Bonard - m — . 1 10

Thomas Golding - — 1 10

Thomas Pretty - - — 1 10

Samuel Buck - — 1 10

Gam. Lloyd - — 1 10

Wm. Hibbard - — 1 10

Richard Doily - - — 1 10

Thomas Sanger - - — 1 10

Alex. Cragg - — 1 10

David Evans m — 1 10

James Delbordes - — 1 10

George Rowles - - — 1 10

Second Lieutenants 1 14 10

First Lieutenants 1 12 8

Captains, 8$c. - - 2 9 2

Total - 5168

Ordered, That the said Copy of the said Establishment Mr. Speaker, jdo lie upon the Table, to be perused by the Members of The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for We»lyd's the House. the enabling Cyriac Weslyd Esquire to fell feme Part of his

Estate, which, by Articles upon his Marriage, was agreed Ordered, That Mr. Gervcds Pierepont have Leave to to be settled upon his Wife and Children; and for the go into the Country for a Fortnight, upon extraordinary Settling of other Part of his Estate, of better Value, to Occasions. the same Uses: To which they desire the Concurrence of

this House. Also,

Ordered, That Mr. Northmore have Leave to go into The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for Foster'* the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. the Confirming of a Grant and Settlement, made by Wil- EllaU*

Ham Foster Esquire, of divers Manors and Lands, in the A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Holford and County Palatine of Durham, and County of jSlorthumberr

Mr. Pitts 17 Icy id.

Savery'»

Fire*«ug"»e.

Importing

Booe-lace.

11 W. III. <S* Apritis. 635

land to Thomas Lord Fab;fax, and others, upon certain Trulls and Uses therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Encouragement of a new Invention, by Thomas So-very, for railing Water, and occasioning Motion to all Sorts of Mill-work, by the impellent Force of Fire: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the

Ships Haa'kaiid Rainbow to trade as English-h\i\\t Ships: Ships Ha*'1 To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. amHUM*0*' And then the Messengers withdrew.

Mr. Blathwayt, according to Order, prefen ted to the House a List of the General Officers, and of their Pay, according to the Establishment.

And the Title thereof was read:

And the said Lift is as followeth; viz.

A Lift of the General Officers of the Army, who are his Majesty's natural-born Subjects; and of their Pa,

according to the Establishment. 3

Generals of the Horse.

per Diem*

L s-

Duke of Schonburg and Leinster - - - 6 —

Earl of Portland - - - 6 —

Monsieur D'Auverquerc - - 6 —

Earl of Oxford Earl of Scarborough Duke of Ormond ' Earl of Romney Earl of Rochford -Sir Henry Belafyle -Earl Rivers

Charles Churchill, esquire George Ramsey, esquire William Steuart, esquire Thomas Erie, esquire The Lord Cutts Earl of Macklesfeild Richard Levelon, esquire Henry Lumley, esquire

Lieutenants-G eneral.

Majors-General.

Brigadiers!

4

4

4

4

4

4

4

- - m - - - m - ~ - - 2 —

- - - - m - - - . 2 - —

Annual pay

£ s.

2,190 — a>*9o -

William Selwyn, esquire -

Sir Charles Hara -

Earl of Orkney -

Thomas Fairfax, esquire -

Zachary Tiffin, esquire Richard Ingoldlby, esquire James Maitlar.d, esquire '

Henry Trelawny, esquire -George Cholmondley, esquire Hugh Wvndham, esquire - - - 1

Francis Langston, esquire -

190

1»46o

28,65^2

O

b° Majesty *"

Memorandum: — Sir David CoUyear is Major-General of his Majesty's Forces; of Parents natural-horn Subjects; and is himself a free Denizon of England; having constantly served W . the Wrars; who being admitted into this Lift, the Sura would be 29,382/. 105.

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, to Bolls, Mr. Fox, and Sir Richard Cocks, do prepay be j>erufed by the Members of this House. bring in, the Bill.

11

A Petition of the Clothiers, and Woollen Manufacturera, within the City of New Sarttm, in behalf of themselves, and many Thousands of poor Persons depending on them, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, since the Making of the Act, in the Ninth and Tenth Years of his Majesty's Reign, for rendering the Laws more effectual for preventing the Importation of foreign Bone-lace, Loom-lace, Needlework, Point, and Cut-work, ,there hath been a very great Decay of the Trade of the Woollen Manufactory: And praying the Consideration of the House, and Relief therein, either by repealing the said Act, or otherwise, as shall be thought fit.

Ordered, That Leave be given to bring in a Bill for /fixing the Determination of the last Act for prohibiting the importation of Bone-lace, to be Six Months from the End of this Session of Parliament: And that Sir Vwi.. XJJL

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Report, the 2 2 £J.m \y oollen M»-

of February last, from the Committee, to whom the Petitions*. nutacture.

of the principal Traders and Dealers in the Woollen ATa. — — nufacture, residing within the Town and Borough of Circvx — cester, in the County of G loucester, on the behalf of them — . selves, and the poor Inhabitants employed therein, was referred, be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Meana for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Couper, according to Order, reported from the

Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred a to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the i/_

Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions of the said Committee; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and

afterwards

Privilege of a Member in a Suit*

Corse-Castle

Election.

6° Aprilis. 1699.

afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Money arising by the Customs of Tonage and Poundage, before the ifith Day of December 1699, over wad above what shall be sufficient to satisfy the principal Sum of 1,250,000l. borrowed thereon, and all Interdt due, and to be due, for the fame, he applied towards the Supply to be granted to his Madefy.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Money anting by the Duties of One Shilling Ten-pence Der Pound Weight imposed upon all wrought Silks, imported from the East Indies, or from Persia, by an Act made in the'Ninth and Tenth Years of his present Majesty, for settling the Trade to the East Indies, be applied towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

The find Resolutions, being federally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, touching the Matter of the Petition of Dame Elizabeth Windham, be made upon day Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

A Motion beidg made, and the Question being put, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Election?. touching the Election for the Borough of Castte, in the County of Dorset, be now received, accord-»gtQ Order;

1 he: Houfo divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers fof (be Vea".{^r: } 134'

}"5-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

SQr Rowland Gioyn reported from the said Committee, the Matter, as it appeared tx> them, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

Updn the federal Petitions of Richard Fownes Esquire, complaining Of an undue Ekftion, and Return, of William CulUford Esquire, and of Edward Chcoell Esquire, complaining of an undue Election, and Return, of John Banks Esquire to serve for the Borough of Corf e-Castle:

That the Committee proceeded first upon the Petition

Mr. Fewms against Mr. C: And, as to them;

Thf^t the Poll was thus;

Tor Mr. CulUford - - - 85.

For Mr. Fownes - - - 52.

But the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, That there had1 been Treating* Promises, and Threats, made use of by Mr. Culliford, for the gaming of Votes: And for that, they called several Witnesses:

Captain JVm. Collins, and Henry , his Son, testi-fled, That Mr. Culliford's Family had lived for many Years within Two Miles of Corf e-Castle', and that Mr.

Culliford's Lady, and Family, resided at Captain Collins's House, which was about a Mile off forfome

time before the Election: And that Mr. Culliford, and his Kinsman, and a Man, came down feme time before the Election; and Hayed there a Month, or Five Weeks; for which Mr. CulUford paid him Seven Guineas: That while Mr. Culliford was there, several of the Corse-Castte Men, and such as had Votes, particularly Mr. Saunders, that was then Mayor, and Mr. Smith, dined with Me. Culliford; but Mr. Smith was invited by Mrs. ColUns; and that several of Corse-Castle Men were made to drink by Mr. Culliford: But he feid, it was but as usualand that he did not reckon Mr. CulUford any thing extraordinary for it

Henry Collins fold, more particularly. That hh Father's House was made an House of Entertainment for Corse People; and that he believed, the greoteft Part of them have come there; whereof he named Saunders, , Raw, Dolling, Latin, Clerke, and Speer 1 That Mr. CulUford invited Two or Three of Corse Men to dine with him; who came at Dinuev-time to the House; and a great deal of Drink was distributed by Mr.;

but he could not foy Mr. Culliford paid for it, or that it was* brought in by his Order; but Mr. CulUford had Drink in a particular Cellar, which he called for, for Corse People: That he did not know, that Mr. Cullifordfollicited them for their Votes; only Robert Gentle, that was treated there, feid, That he had promised Mr. CulUford hisVote: That the Dinners were something extraordinary, while Mr. CulUford was there; but cannot say, that more was provided for the Corse Men, nor who paid for it

Geo. White feid, That, about a Fortnight before the Election, he went to Captain Collins' House; and, when he came there, Mr. CutUford asked him to dine there; which he did; but could not say any other Voter dined there:

That Mr. CulUford had promised the said White to provide for his Son j and he brought his Son with him that Day: That Mr. CulUford asked him then for his Vote; and would have set his Hand to Writing; but he refilled; and did vote for Mr. Fownes and Mr. Banks:

That Mr. Culliford told him, his Drink, at Captain ColUns', was almoll out; and he was forced to fend for HalfanHogfhead from Mr. Saunders, to treat his Friends: And the said White further said, That Mr. CulUford, about Three Weeks before the Election, gave him a Paper of Tobacco, of aboQt a Pound.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also infilled. That there had been treating by Mr. s Agents: And,

for that, caljed,

Walter Frampton: Who said, That he knew Francis Atford desired Votes for Mr. CutUford-, and that about Three Weeks before the EieOiou desired ton's Father to come to his, the Son s, House; where he asked. his Father to vote for Mr. Culliford: And the said Atford called for Six Flaggons of Ale; which he paid for: That Frampton, the Father, voted for Mr. Fownes and Mr. CulUfordbut himself refused to be for Mr. Culliford: Being again called by the Petitioner's Counsel, foid? That Mr. Culliford, at the Ship, in , about

Ten Days before the Election, asked John Gardner for his Vote; who told him, He had no Vote himself; but, if he could, get him a Debt, due from Children,

he would procure him Thomas Roberts' Vote: Whereupon Mr. Culliford promised Gardner, that he would endeavour to get it for him; and, if he could not, he should not be a Loser, but would pay it himself: And the fold White said. That Thomas Roberts did vote for Mr. Guilford and Mr* Banks.

The fold White atto feid, That one Nath. , an Agent to get Votes for Mr. CulUford, lent for him, the said Whits, to hia House; and laid. If be did not vote for Mr. Culliford, he would fee him: And accordingly he

did foe him, and get a Judgment of him; which put him to great Charge:

That the fold White further said. That Mr. CulUford, at he believed, had helped several to Places; viz. John Jones, to a Place of 30 L a Year; and abb Robert Rows, John Goodwin, and Antony to other Places:

That Thursman had aa Vote; and had his Place within Twelve Months; but the others had their Places longer.

That, to answer which Evidence, Mr. a

Counsel called several Witnesses;

Nath. Smith, Fran. Alford, Robert Rowe, Geo. Clarke, Mr. John Cull ford:Several of which had been with Mr.

CulUford, at Captain ColUns*s, and kept Mr. CulUford often Company; and they denied, that there was any thing extraordinary at Captain s, unlefe it might

be a Dilh of Meat more upon the Account of Mr. CuUiford's being the re.

And

II W. III.

6* Aprilis'.

6 3 7

And several of thfefe WkheflTes foid, They had been present with Mr. Culliford at Publick-houses, lvbere

they all clubbed; and, particularly, that Mr. himself would pay no more than Iris Club; exc tiling himself, that he coufd not do other wise, being against the , late Act:

And Route and Clarke, that were there said, by young

Collins, to dine with Mr. Culliford, at Captain Collins's, being examined to that, by Mr. s Counsel, both

of them denied that ever they dined at Captain Collins' in their Lives; and that neither of them drank a Quart in all. if all they had drank at Captain Collins's, at leve-ral times was put together: And,

Nath.Smith said, more particularly, That he dined twice at Captain Collins, but there was nothing extraordinary; and that one of the times he had not stayed, but he was invited by Mrs. Collinsand then Mr. Saunders the Mayor was with him:

That George White was not threatened by him, nor did he ask him for his Vote, not being willing to be obliged by him: but he said, He was a poor scandalous Fellow, not to believed; and he, the said George White, owing him 30/. feme of which had been due in his Father's Life-time, 10 or 20 Years, he did sue him for the fame: However the said Smith did acknowledge the said White had 40/, a Year; but be said. Out of it he paid 20 /. a Year Lord's Kent; and there was a Mortgage on it for 200 L

The said Smith further said. That Walter Frampton w as a |>oor hungry Fellow, and followed no Trade. And, Fran. AlJ'ord laid, That he went from London with Mr. Culliford, and called upon Walter Fa-

ther, as an old Acquaintance; who having not good Drink, they went to his Son's, and lie paid for half a Dozen; and afterwards Frampton paid for Two or Three Pots; but there was no Discourse of the Election till after they came out of Framptons House.

Mr. Culliford junior also said, That young CoUins kept

scandalous Company, and was provoked to a Prejudice against his Father, by his Father's informing Captain CoUins of his Son s ill Practices; and the said Mr. Culliford mentioned some ill Practices of the said Mr. Collins, as taking his bather's Letter from the Post-house, and threatening to cut his, the said young Mr. s

Throat.

Whereupon the Committee came to these Refutations; Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That William Culliford Esquireis not duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Castle, in the County of Dorset.

Rfohed. That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Richard Foams Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corf e-Castle.

That then the Committee proceeded to hear the Matter upon the Petition of Mr. against Mr. Banks:

The Numbers on the Poll were;

For Mr. Banks -70.

For the Petitioner - 63.

That the Kight of Election, a9 it appeared to the Committee, was in the Lessees for Years, paying Soot and Lot; and also in sech Persons as had the Freehold in Reversion upon such Lease for Years.

And the Petitioner's Counsel infilled, Thai several Persons had voted for Mr. Banks, who had no Right so to do:

That the first Sort of Persons they excepted to were Five Persons, who were only Trustees for a Charity:

And it was admitted by Mr. Banks' Counsel, That they had no Freehold in Corse, but in respect of one Collett's Charity; and that they paid the Profits to the Poor of Winbitrne:

And the Petitioner's Counsel called,

Robert Rowe :Who said, That the Trustees for that Charity were always reckoned but as One Vote; and at Serjeant Bond's and Mr. Bank's Election, though their Vox.. XIL

Names were all put dptre Oh the Poll, they all went for corse Caftte hut One Vote; and k was so agreed by Mr.. Serjeant' Ele&iou. Bond and Mr. Banks: And that they were objected to at the Election for the Com*entk>n-P»rluunenr, between Mr.

Ogden and Mr. Culliford; but the Mayor did suffer them to pals, against Mr. CuUiford's WHl:

And Raw said, He voted for the feme Estate, having; a Chattel-Lease.

That the next Exception the Petitioner's Counsel took, was to 14; tie.

Mr. Thomas Freeke, Mr. Robert Hyde, Captain Floppier, Mr. Hen. Seymour, Sir George , Mr- John

Saint loo, Mv.Hen. Bolles, Mu John , Mr. JFeXer

Brice, Mr. Russell, Mr. Turberville, Mr. Geo. Lufce* Mr-?

John Ftsssmgbam, and Mr. Isaac Wilkyns: Who Vaavrog

all purchased an Estate, late belonging to one JJenc kum, the Petitioners Counsel kififted, That they were witiVui the Aftagaioft dividing Eftafos, for making of Votes:

But the Sitting-Member* Counsel produced tdve Purchase-Deeds; which were dated: And called,

Mr. Hen. Daclam: Who said. The Deeds were f<ealed on 12th February last was 12 Months; that they were of distinct Tenements; and that the Deeds were expedited a great while after several of the Contracts ma.<3 d 5 and that, at the Time of the executing the I>eeds, it was

not known who would stand for Parliament-Me z And that Five other Deeds were executed at the fgm^s time* One of which Purchasers voted for Mr. Cull ford a.rxd Mr Clavell, and another for Mr. Banks and Mr. Cer AAAford and -that they were sold to several Persons, beoaxufe so they could make most Money of the Estate: Xl th Renfoti of executing the several Deeds at one , -e London, was in respect of the Trustees; which w e Two St. Loes, one of which lived in _ ihe

other in London: 106

But that the Petitioner's Counsel. to invallci£*-tr Evidence, called,

Nath. Smith, Mr. John CtdRford: Who feat*, TThaf-on 6th March was 12 Months, Mr. William C'&ZZtJord desired Mr. Daekum, that when he disposed of tlr«fe Ke-version of his Tenement, he might have the of

it; which Mr. Daekum promised Mr. he liaould;

but said, He did not design to fell it: And,

Mr. Smith said, That on the said 6th of IVfr.

Daekum gave a Receipt for Rent in Arrear, for several Years, and for the Rent due at Lady day folknviosj- -

Mr. John Culliford said, That John Pyke had nothing in Cojfe but a Groat a Yfear Chief-Rent; but lie was rxot objected to at the Scrutiny.

That the Petitioner's Counsel also objected to several others, as having no Freeholds:

Henry Speer laid, That Edxcard Cole, at the time of the Election, acknowledged, That he had conveyed aw ay his Freehold to his Son; but his Son did not vote for if, living Three Miles out of Town: And,

Speer and Mr. Saunders were examined to several other Persons Freeholds; but they could not speak: jpo-fitively.

Nath. Smith said. That David Grove had no Freehold till his Mother's Death:

That William CoUins has no Freehold; but it belongs

to one Hawkins:

That, John Trew and Mr. Fitch are no Freeholders:

That Mr. Berfield junior, and Jcrom. Butler, never* pretended to any thing till now:

That, as to William Talbott, the Freehold of the House he pretends to belongs to Three:

That Edward Cole declared, He had resigned to his Son:

That, to jollify which Votes, Mr. Banks called,

James Frampton: Who said, That William Talbott had a Freehold, in Land, called the George, from his Grandfather; and his Vote has passed in several Elections:

That John Trew had a Tenement, by Afligrnnent from his Mother; and paid Taxes:

That William Collins had Land left him, and his Brother Joint CoUins, by their Uncle; and enjoyedk equally:

7 Z That

638 6® — ic? Aprilis. . A. 1699.

That Jerom Butler had a House and Garden, by Inheritance, from his Father: That Part of the House fell down; and he letts the Garden:

That David Grove had several Lands, as Heir to his Father:

And that, for the Convention-Parliament, that brought in King Charles the Second, the Trustees for Poor had all of them several Votes:

' Frampton laid, That Speer had a Lease, in Right of his Wife, which was loft in the Time of the War; but ' his Landlord had given him a Note, that he should hold the Estate as long as the Life continues.

That the Petitioners Counsel did admit, That Three that voted for the Petitioner Mr. Clavell were Alms-men.

And that thereupon, the Committee came to this Resolution;

Refotced, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That John Banks Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Castle, in the County of

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That William Culliford Esquire is not duly elected a Burgess to

serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corj'e-Castler'in the county of ;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,|^j£ ^ft-edanham:}14'-

Tellers for the Noes,{^£: }»*

So it was relblved in the Affirmative.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Richard Fownes Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of

It passed in the Negative.

The Third Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That John Banks Esquire is duly elected a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse Cattle, in the County of Dorset.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Corse-Castle, in the County of Dorset, in the room of William CuUiford Esquire, who is adjudged not to be duly elected.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, upon Wednesday Morn-

Laod Tax. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Elevenpence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Waj* and Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Morn-

Mean*. ing next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Woollen Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords

Manufacture. Bill, entituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England, into foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the ' ' Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next.

Poor Law*. Resolved, That this House will, upon Tomorrow Sevennight, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole 'House, to consider of the Bill for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work.

Resolved, That this House will upon Tomorrow

Sevennight, refol ve itself into a Committee of the whole Raifinff House, to consider of the Bill for raising the Militia of- Militia, this Kingdom for the Year One thousand Six hundred' Ninety-nine, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Wednesday Morning next, Eight a Clock.

Mcrcurii, 12* die Aprilis;

Undeciroo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Fofter'*

Act for the confirming of a Grant and Settlement Eft*1*-made by William Foster Esquire, of divers Manors and Lands in the County Palatine of Durham, and County of Northumberland, to Thomas Lord Fairfax, and others upon certain Trusts and Uses therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Mayor, Aldermen, Deputy-Lieu- Woollen tenants, and Common-Council, as also the Merchants, Manuladur*. Weavers, Fullers, and others concerned in the Woollen Manufacture, in the City of Exon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have, for several Years past, exported into Flanders vast Quantities of Serges, and other Woollen Goods; but are advised, since the late Duties laid on their Linen, and the Prohibition of their Lace, they design to prohibit our Woollen Manufacture from being imported into that Country; and to set up the feme among themselves; to the Prejudice of this Kingdom in general, but particularly the Western Parts: And praying the same may be considered, and Relief afforded them therein.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for fixing the Determination of the last Act for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace to be Six Months, from the End of this Session of Parliament, be brought in.

Ordered, That Leave be gived to bring in a Bill to Penalti* discharge several Ships from the Penalties of the Act of Navigation, who, by reason of their Men being pressed non. at Sea into his Majesty's Service during the late War, were difebled from performing their Voyages, according to the Directions Of the said Act: And that Mr. Moor and Mr. Yates do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Mr. Brewer reported from the Committee, to whom Seliard'* the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. veiling certain Lands of Sir Thomas Seliard Baronet, in the County of Kent, in Trustees, to be sold, for the Payment of his Sifters Portions charged therewith, was committed, That they had examined the fame; and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that all Parties concerned therein had given their Contents to the Bill; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Lordmgton, for Sale of the Manor of Lordington, alias an0ri'

and Whitwcy, and divers Lands, in the County of Sussex; and for laying out 5,0001, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Ogle, Sir John Mordant, Mr Thomhaugh, Sir Chr.Hales, Sir Tho-

mas Wagstaffe, Mr. Bridgman, Sir Thomas Day, Mr.

Palmes, Sir William Fillers, Mr. Crane, Sir Henry Gough,

Sir Richard Cocks, Sir John Packington, S

land, Mr. Yates, Sir Wm. St. Quint in, Mr. Bagot, Dr.

Davenant, Sir Samuel Bcnuirdiston, Mr. Jolliffe, Sir Fran.

Blaake, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. Blaake, 'Six. England, Mr.

'*'

ii W. III. Aprilis.

639

Ayr and Calcar Navigation.

Duties on Glass.

Wake's

EAate.

Petition for legalizing a Ship.

Leave of Absence.

Bridges'

EftaU.

Bctsworth, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. , Sir

Mr. Hughes, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mr.

Verney, Mr. Calthrop, Sir Fran. Sir Coi t-

ion: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the making and keeping the Rivers Ayr and Calder, in the County of navigable:

And the fame, being read, are as follow;

5 Pr. 20 L. Leave out " l'uch

7 Pr. 32 L. For " intefied," read " interested

9 Pr. 13 L. For " Prizes," read " Prices:"

12 Pr. 17 L. After " Height," insert " and also shall, " from time to time, maintain and repair the said Banks, " as often as Occasion shall require."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Sir Bryan Stapleton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Bill for taking off the remaining Duties on Glals was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the w hole House.

Refilled, That this House will, upon Friday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the w hole House, to consider of the said Bilk

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Wake, alias Jones, to fell Lands to pay Debts; and to purchase other Lands adjoining to and formerly Parcel of, his Manor of I Fall ham, alias Waltham Holy-Cross, in the County of to be

settled to the same Uses; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Blaalce, Mr. > 'aimes, Mr. Lutterell, Sir Walter Young, Lord

Combu'y, Sir Robert Edon, Major-General Sir James Howe, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Bulkley, Sir Just. Isham,

Sir Charles Barrington, Sir Tho. Travell, Brigadier Tre-laxcvey, Mr. Harcourt, Lord , Mr. England, Sir

John Wotftenholme, Mr. Mounftevens, Mr. Paget, Mr.

Brotherton, Sir Henry Gough, Sir Fran. Mr.

Gerard, Mr. Yates, Mr. Brereton, Sir Barth. Shower, Mr. Mitchell, Mr. Gwyrine, Mr. Bagot, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Thornhagh: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of John Taylor, Merchant, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That he is under Contraft for supplying his Majesty's Naval'Stores with the largest Masts that are used in the Navy; and hath bought a large Cat-Vessel for that Use: And praying, That the said Vessel may be inserted into the Bill now before this Honourable House for making the Ship Hope free.

Resolved, That the Petition be rejected.

Ordered, That Mr. Miller have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling the Estate of Anne Bridges, an Infant in Benmdas, alias The Sommer-Islands, in in and upon Trustees, to be sold; and laying out the Money, arising by l'uch Sale, in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Mr. Clayton, Sir Will. Coriton, Mr. Pitfeild, Mr. Varney, Mr. Winnington, Mr. Mounftevens, Sir Tho. Wagftaffe,

Sir Rjorwland Gwyn, Mr. Rowney, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Foley, Mr. Gwynne, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. England, Mr. Hayes, Sir Barth, Shower, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Vo 1.XII.

Brotherton, Mr. Proby, Mr. Molineitoe, Mr. Hughes, Mr.,

Pen/, Mr. Royle, Sir Fran. Molineiev, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Ashurst: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Richard Brinley, of London, Gentleman, Bridge* Administrator of Richard Brinley, deceased,' was presented Bftate.

to the House, and read; letting forth, That Sir John Heydon, late of Coventry, Knight, did, in the Year 1668, become indebted, by Bond, unto the said Richard deceased, in the Sum of 200l. conditioned for Payment of 119/. 16 j. in February 1669: That the Petitioner having refuled beyond Seas these 14 Years past, and, since his Arrival in England, found the said Bond above-mentioned; and, inquiring after the said Sir John JJoydoa, who was then dead, made Application to the La.dy Bough ton, his only Daughter and Heir; who refilled \he Payment, alleging (lie had not Assets: That, by the Act, now depending, for vesting and settling the iT-LYate of Anne Bridges, an Infant, in Bermudas, alias The Islands, in America, in and upon Trustees, to be "Cc>\d, and laying out the Money in England for the Use the said

Anne Bridges, the Petitioner is advised, the Tr*remifes

therein mentioned are subject to the Payment of tVie said Bond: And praying a Clause may be brought in to make the fe.id Premises liable thereto. e

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee thereupon.

t o go

Leave of A. b fence.

Ordered, That Sir Cloudesly Shovel/have

into the Country, upon extraordinary Occafiorxs

Ordered, That the Report from the Como^itto to

whom it was referred to inquire into the ill Pj Abus,s ,n Abuses of he Prisons of the &/s.K a"d Kin^ B*"llr

made upon Saturday Morning next.

f^Ycet. b6 *n'* Meet

I^ri fons.

Mt.Ca^er, Mr. BurraMr. Yates. Ship Hop,. Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Jtagg> Mn Mounjierc^y j\jr. p

Blaake, Mr. Freeke, be added to the Comm 1 ttec, to whom the Bill to enable the Ship Hope, of great I^ength, and very serviceable for bringing Masts into this Kingdom, to trade as an English-built Ship, was committed.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Hords Woollen to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation Ma»ufuaur'-of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and JEJrzsgland into foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of Eng£a*2 i be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning nex t-

A Complaint being made to the House, by Sir Privilege —

Cotton and Sir Thomas Frankland, Postmasters-Gerxe «-l, of a printed Paper, delivered at the Door of this House, in - 11 ica 1 "*

tituled, " The Gale of John Woodgate, late Postmaster of " Canterburyfgreatly reflecting upon them for what they

have done in their Offices; One of which printed Papers was delivered in at the Clerk's Table; and there read;

Ordered, That it be referred to a Committee, to ex a in i ne the Matter of the said Complaint; and report the lain e to the House:

And it is referred to Mr. Thwjby, Sir Will. Rofrisz/on Mr. Smith, Sir IVill.Huftler, Mr. Cooke, Sir Shower, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Vane, Sir Walter S$jr

James Houbton, Mr. Thornhagh, Mr. England, l\Tr.

Lowther, Sir Richard Sundford, Sir Win. St.

Mr. Yates, Sir fVm. Cory ton, Mr. Hoar, Mr. G

Mr. Ashurst, Sir John Bolls, Sir Robert Cotton,

Harley, Sir Christopher Mufgraxe, 'Mv.Hayes, Sir

Copley, Mr. Proby, Mr. Brotherton, Sir Cha.

Sir llowl. Gwynn, Mr. Moor, Colonel Perry, Mr.

Sir Samuel Barnai'diston, Mr. Ogle, Doctor Sir Robert Nappier:And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber: And they. have Power to feud for Persons and Papers.

Ordered

(aOO^Ic

12° — 130

A, 1699.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Exporting

Wool.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Making Militia more useful.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of Dame Elizabeth Wyndham, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Bill for the more effectual preventing the Exportation of Wool from England, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion to the Committee of the v. hole House, to whom the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Elevenpence Three Farthings, for difbauding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occ^fions, is committed, to receive a Clause for appointing a further time for Persons to make Oath, and register Tallies, who did not do the same within the time appointed for that Purpose.

Ordered, That it be an Inllruftion also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to appropriate the Overplus of the Customs before Christnmnext, and the Duties upon wrought Silks

from ... East Indies and Persia, resolved to be applied towards the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Rejoined, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill to make the Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the Bill for grauting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Poupds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occafiops.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill; and bad made several Amendments; which they had directed him to report, when the H,ouse will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report be made upon Friday Morning next.

upwards of Twenty Years in Tangier, 'England, Ireland,

Flanders, and the Straits in the Year 1695, where he was deprived of his Sight; and lb was forced to quit the Regiment for his Recovery: And praying he may be included in the general Lift of Officers that are to receive Half-Pay.

Ordered, That the said Captain Conn be added to the Lift of Officers that are to have Half-Pay.

An ingrossed Bill, firom the Lords, intituled, An Act Ok cover's to enable Thomas Okeocer Gentleman, Son and Heir ap- Estate. parent of Rowland Okeover, of Okeacer, in the County of

Stafford, Esquire, together with the said Rowland -over, to make a Jointure, and Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Okeooer, was read a Second time.

Refotoed, That the Bill be committed to the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled,

An Act to enable Catharine Leeke, an Infant under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to settle and dispose of her Estate, upon her Marriage, is committed:

And that Mr. Pagitt, Mr. Slater, Mr. Dyott, Mr.

Bretvei', Sir Abjlr. Danby, Sir Wm. Coriton, Mr. Conyers,

Sir Thomas Groccfnor, Mr. Mol'meux, Sir John

Mr. Vivian, Mr. Phillips, Mr. Offly, Mr. Newport, Mr,

Randyll, Mr. Jolliffe, Mr. Brotherton, Sir John Man-wareing, be added to the said Committee.

Mr. Lowther reported from the Committee, to whom Copper the Bill to prevent the Coining of Farthings and Half- e°,na8e* pence, for One Year, was committed, That they had made forne Amendments thereunto: which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, bd ingrossed.

Mr. Lowther also acquainted the House, from the said Committee, That they had heard the Contractors for coining Copper Half-pence and Farthings; and that the Committee bad directed him tQ move the House, That the Account of the said Contractors may be stated, and made up; and that, if it shall appear they are Losers by their Contract, a Comptmfetion be made for the feme.

Duty on Irish Linen.

Ordered, That the Bill to encourage the Linen Manufacture in Ireland, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

Officers and Soldiers to exercise Trades.

WeOyd's

Estate.

Half-pay.

Ordered, That the Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service to exercise Tiades, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning Eight a Clock,

Jams, IS* d

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the enabling Cyriac Westyd Esquire to fell feme Part of his Estate, which by Articles upon his Marriage, was agreed to be settled upon his Wife and Children; and for the Settling of other Part of his Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses; was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of Captain William Conn, late of his Majesty's Regiment of Foot, commanded by the Honourable the Marquis de Puifar, was presented to the House, and read; fettiqg forth, That he hath servedthe. Crown 17

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Moor's for the Sale of the Manor of Halwell and Bechet, in the Lftat*. County of Devon, the Estate of John Moor, for Payment of Debts, without any Amendments:

And have also agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Writs at for limiting certain Times, within which Writs of Error Error.

shall be brought for the reversing Fines, Common Recoveries, and ancient Judgments, without any Amendments:

Also have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Darcy'*

Sale of some Part of the Estate of Sir Thomas Darcy, Eft*tie. deceased, for Payment of Debts, without any Amendments: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Blackwell-the making more effectual an Act, intituled, An Act to h*U 'Voollta restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; Market* and for regulating the Factors there; with some Amendments: To which they deflre the Concurrence of this House: Also,

They have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Bull's Eftatt. John Bull, an Infant, to fell his Lands in Kent, for the Payment of Debts and Annuities charged thereon; and for Provision of younger Children: To which they desire the Concurrence of tills House.

And then the Mefi'engers withdrew.

Ordered, That a Message be font to the Lords, to Defeats

remind Tills*.

Soppressing

Lotteries.

Pitta

F.ncouragiig the Fishery

Offirers and Soldiers to exercise Trades.

Committees.

Ways and Means

Claims for Prixta.

11 w. III.

13" — 14° Aprilis.

641

remind them of the BHI, intituled, An Act for the general Quiet of the Subject against all Pretences of Concealments, Encroachments, or other defective Titles.

Ordered, That Mr. Thursby do carry the said Message.

A Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lmvther, Mr. Clerke, Mr. Ojjley, Mr. Perry, Sir Richard

Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Sir JVm.

Villers, Mr. Moor, Mr. HeyshamMr. Gorge, Sir Abstr. Dauby, Mr. Eyre, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Carteret, Sir Richard Farrington, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. Lord

Pawlet, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Scobell, Mr. Yates, Mr. Harvey, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Jotliffe; and all that serve for the Counties of Middlesex and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That such Petitions as have been presented to the House, relating to the said Bill, be referred to the Confederation of the said Committee.

A Petition of James Gray Esquire was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That *

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That die Bill for establfthing and regaining the Fishery be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next; and nothing to intervene.

A Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service, to exercise Trades, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Offly, Mr. Thomhaugh, Mr Sir

Farrington, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Mr. Gurdon,

Mr. Eyres, Sir Samuel Bemard, Mr. Kirkby, Mr. Parkhurst, Mr. Brotherton, SirJohn Thorold, Mr Mr. Freeman, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Rowny, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Harcourt, Sir John Mordant, Mr. Hughes, Sir Blaake, Mr Thursby, Mr. Lmvther, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Han-

cock, Mr. Newport, Mr. Conyers, Mr. Bridges, Mr.

J'eild, Mr. Morgan, Mr. Gorge, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Carteret, Mr. Mounstecens, Mr. Blaake, Sir Robert Nappier: And diey are to meet this Afternoon, at Five a Clock, in die Speaker's Chamber.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

Veneris, 14# die Aprilii; Undecimo Gulielmi 3Ui.

P a a r e u s.

AN ingrafted Bill, from die Lords, intituled, An Ack Savery's for the Encouragement of a new Invention by THo *w«-eug, ine. mas Savery, for raising Water, and occasioning Motion, to all Sorts of Mill-work, by the impellent Force of Fire, was read the First time.

Resolved, That die Bill be read a Second time.

Mr. Moor, according to Order, presented to the House Penaltwa a Bill todilcharge several Ships from the Penalties of the nation.

Act of Navigation, who, by reason of their Men t>ewg pressed, at Sea, into his Majesty's Service, during the late War, were disabled from performing their Voy a £es> according to the Directions of the said Act: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A11 ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, Act Potter'*

for die Confirming of a Grant, and Settlement, made by »tt«.te. William Foster, Esquire, of divers Manors and I^o-nicls, in the County Palatine of Durham, and County of* umberland',to Thomas Lord Fairfax, ami others, upon certain Trusts and Uses therein mentioned, was a

Second time.

Refoked, That the Bill be committed to Sir JFt chert

Edon, the Lord Pawlet, Sir John Bolls, Sir

Mr. Hancock, hard Cornbury, Mr. Lozother, Lord Stoen-cer, Mr. Topham, Sir Robert Cotton, \lr. Brother — <;*

Godfrey Copley, Mr Stringer, Sir Win. Hustler9 bert Nappier, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Osborne, Mr.

Mr. Hammond, Mr. York, Sir Humphrey

Scobell, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Cranford, Sir Henry/

Mr. Shackerly, Mr. Bulkly; and all that serve th'

Counties of Northumberland and Durham: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, ,hl

Speaker's Chamber.

1

V' .1

Ordered, That Doctor Davenant, Mr. , Mr.

Hammond, Mr. Lmvther, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir chard

Cocks, Mr. Afgill, Mr. Vernon, Sir Theo. Oglethor~j&9 Mr.

OJfiey, Mr. Blofeild, Colonel Stringer, be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the vesting and settling the Estate of ^Ann Bridges, an Infant, in Bermudas, alias the Sommer-in America, in and upon Trustees, to be sold; and laying out the Monies arising by such Sale in England, for- the Use of the said Anne Bridges; was committed.

Bridge

Estate.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took die Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain Crow was referred, relating to Prizes, be taken into Consideration upon Tuesday Morning next

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Vo 1. XII.

Sir Richard Cocks, according to Order, prefen feci to Importing the House a Bill for fixing the Determination of the last Bone-lace. Act for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace, to fee Six Mondis from the End of this Session of Parliacn^srat:

And the same was received; and read the First time-Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of the Merchants, Clothiers, Serge-ma. ke rs, and other the Inhabitants, of the Town and Pariffa of Tiverton, in the County of Devon, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner's Subsistence depends upon making the Woollen Man v* fac-tures; which is greatly prejudiced by the life of -

India Silks and Callicoes: And praying the Houfo to encourage the Consumption of the Woollen Manufactu res, by such Methods as shall seem most meet.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty,

Mr. Conyers reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel JVake, alias Jones, to fell Lands, to pay Debts, and to purchase other Lands, adjoining to, and formerly Parcel of, his Manor of IValtham, alias WalthamHoly

8 A Cross,

Woollen

Alan uf

A. i6c)<£.

Cross, in the County of -to be settled to the fame

Uses; was committed; That they had examined the fame, and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that all Parties concerned gave their ConsentThereunto.; and that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments; And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

iriihArrears. Mr. Hancock reported, from the Committee, to whom the Petition of Edxoard and Thorns Older show, and also the Petition of John Armstrong, and others, on behalf of themselves, and others, Troopers, that served in the Regiment of Light-Horse, commanded by Colonel Langston, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place, and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the fame.was read; and is as followeth;

That the Committee having heard the Petitioners, and examined several of their Witnesses;

It appeared to the Committee, That the said Colonel Langston not having made of his Accounts with the Captains of his Regiment, they cannot, for that Reason, -make up their Accounts with their respective Troopers.

That it further appeared to the Committee, That the said Colonel did agree to several of the Objections, which the Petitioners made to his Accounts before the Committee last Session* appointed to examine the fame; whereby it appears there was Money due to the Petitioners: But, the said Colonel being still in Ireland, the Committee could not come to any further Examination.

Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That feme immediate Course should be takeu with Colonel Langston, to oblige him to stale his Accounts with his said Captains, whereby they may state their Accounts with their respective Troops, and pay to the Petkionens what is justly due to them.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That some immediate Course should be taken with Colonel , to oblige

him to state his Accounts with his said Captains, whereby they may state their Accounts with their respective Troops, and pay to the Petitioners what is justly due to them.

Ordered, That it be an InstruQion to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service to exercise Trades is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to oblige the several Colonels to account with their respective Captains, and the Captains with their respective Soldiers; and to pay what is due to them out of the Monies remaining in their respective Hands; and to certify in whose Hands the Remainder of the Money rests.

Half-pay. A Petition of Robert Hall, late Cornet in the Regiment of Horse under the Command of his Grace the Duke of Schomberg. was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That he hath been in the Regiment several Years, and particularly in the Four last Campaigns, and behaved himself faithfully; notwithstanding which his Commission was lately taken from him, and disposed of, without any Reason, that he knows of, and without having received his Clearings: And praying his Name may be inserted in the Lift of those Officers who are defined to have Half-Pay allowed them.

Ordered, That it be referred to the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel Coot's Re-

fiment is referred, to examine the Matter of the said 'etition; and to report the same to the House.

A Petition of several Persons, on behalf of themselves, ' and ot-er*, uiro have advanced several Sums of Money

l8

for the Service of the Government, was presented to thtf House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have advanced divers Sums of Money on the Credit of the ACfc for continuing certain Duties upon Salt, Glafe-wares, Stone and Earthen Wares: That they under and there is a Bill depending, for the taking off the Duties tliepeapata: And praying, if the feme shall be taken off, they may have feme other Security appointed to them instead thereof. '

Ordered, That the Consideration tif the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, re wham the fold Bill is committed: And that the Petitioners be heard thereupon before the said Committee.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning Duties on at Eleven of the Clock, resolve it felt into a Committee of the whole House, to cortfider of the said Bill.-

Ordered, That all the Members that serve for the officer* and Counties of York, Devon, Cornwall, and Lancaster, be Soldier* t* ' added to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Sen- r vice to exercise Trades was committed.

Ordered, That all the Members that serve lor' the Supprtffih£ Counties of York, Devin, Cornwall, and Lancaster, be Lotterie*. added to the Committee, to whorii the Bill to supprefe the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, was committed.

The. House, according to Order, resolved itftFf into ttaifing a Committee of the whoh* House, to consider of the Bill for raising the Militia for the Year 1699, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Bridges took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair. '

Mr. Bridges reported from the said Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made feme Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to Somerset the Clerk of the Crown,' to make out a new Writ, for 'Vnu electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament, for the County of Somerset,;in the room of Sir Edward Phillips Knight, deceased.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take Woollen into Consideration the Amendments, made by the Lords, Manufcfiw*. to the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and England into foreign Parts; and for tire Encouragement of the Woollen Manufactures in the Kingdom of England:

And the lame, being read, are ais follow; viz.

5 Pr. 33 L. after " Commissioners," add " of the " Revenue:"

34 L. after " Customs," udd or of the Revenue:"

6 Pr. 30 L. after " Kingdom," add " nor Hi all the " same be imported into any Picts of thC Kingdom of

" England, or Dominion of Wales, other then the Ports "of Biddford, Bar ns tabic, Minstead, Btistoll, -

" Haven, Chester, and Leverpoole

8 Pr. 19 L. after " any," read " Wool

25 L. instead of "any the." read " such:"

29 L. after " IV ales, add " only as aforesaid,

" so as Notice be first given to the Commissioners, or " Chief Managers, of his Majesty's Customs in this Kingdom, or to the Chief Customer, or Collector, in the " Port to which the same is intended to be brought, of " the Quantity, and Package,. together with the Marks " and Numbers thereof, with the Name of the Ship, and " Master, or Commander, on which the said Goods are " to be laden, and the Place, or Port, into which they

A Member ordered to attend.

Trent

Navigation,

Recovery of (inall Tythes

Vesey's

Etiate.

Privilege of a Member ir a Suit.

Poor Laws.

Supjdy Bill I^nd Tax.

11 W. III.

14

o

15* Aprilis-

are intended to be imported; hnd ft>aB Borid He first entered into to the Use of his Majesty,- his Heirs, and Successors, with One or more i'ufficient Sureties, ift Treble the Value of the Goods so intended to be kb* ported, that the same shall, the Dangers of the Seas excepted, be landed accordingly $ End so as h Lifcence be also first taken under the Hands of the Commissioners; or Chief Managers, of the Custortis,-for the Time being, or Three of them, or from the Chief Gustomer, or Collector, where such Bbnd is given, for the.Landing and Importing thereof, as aforesaid; which Licence they are hereby authorized and required to grtmt, without any Fee or Reward, or any other Charge to the Person demanding the same: "

9 Pr. 12 L. after " Ireland," add particularly between the North of Ireland and

At the End of the Bill add the Clause marked A

Ordered, That Sir Bartholomew Shower do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed to the said Amendments, with an Amendment to One of the said Amendments: To which, they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter, dated the 8th Instant, from Mr.

Chivers, that he had been ill, but that he intended to set out as Tuesday last, in order to be herb by the Tiofe appointed for his Attendance:

But he not appearing in his Place, in the House;

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Mr. Chivers do attend this House* in his Place, Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for tire Yeas,^;

Tellers for the Noes,{j£

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

the Question severally put thereupon, agreed onto by the House.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the ibid Report be adjourned until Monday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hol/ord and Doctor Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Jjords have agreed to the Amendments, roacte by this House, to the Amendments, made by the Lords, tq the Bill, irjtituled, An Act to prevent the Exportation of Wool out of the Kingdoms of Ireland and foreign Parts; and for the Encouragement of the W oouea Manufactures in the Kingdom of England.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That ali Committees be revived. Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till 'to--xahotrovy Morning, Eight a Clock.

\ i

Bull's EftaU.

I ns.

} *3-

A % Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard HolfoVd and Doctor Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

- The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Stafford, Derby, and Leicester, navigable, with fouie Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for continuing the Act for the more easy Recovery of final! Tythes, without any Amendments: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Estate of Dudley Vesey, in , in the County of Suffolk, without any Amendments.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, upon the Petition of Dame Elizabeth Windham, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better providing for the Poor, and letting them on Work.

Mr. Coioper, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the BHl for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Oecalions, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then several of them a Second time; and, upon Vol. XII.

Privilege — Li bellous l^ublicutiom

Sabbati, 15* die Aprili$;

Undecimo G.ulielmi 3tii.

Prayers,

AN ingossed Bi}I, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ships Hawk for the Ships Hawk and Rainbow to trade axs and RainljuW-

built Ships, was read the Fijfft time.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second tirv % c

An logrolled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, A.AS 1 to enable John Bull, an Infant, to fell his Lands, in

for the Payment of his Debts, and Annuities, cHanred thereon; and for Provision of younger Children - w«s read the First time. 0 as

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Ordered, That Mr. Clerke, Mr. Morris, Sir flames Oxenden, Mr. Guy, Colonel Lee, Sir Kichar* Cocks,

Mr. Hancock, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Sayers, be added to the

Committee, to whom the Matter of the Complaint: made to the House by Sir Robert Cotton and Sir JdTXiomas Frankland, Postmasters General, of a printed f*a per, delivered at the Door of this House, intituled, The " same of John Ifoodgale, late Postmaster of greatly reflecting upon them for what they have done in their Office, was referred.

Ordered, That Lord Combury, Mr. Sloan, Mr. y 5^0*^ of

augh, Mr. Ogle, Mr Morgan, Mr. SergifColonel y:i izabeth. Drake, Sir !Vm. Hustler, Mr. Bernardistok; and all the Merchants of the House; be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Serquis de Mirza, and other Armenian Merchants, \Vas referred.

Mr. Ogle reported from the Committee, to whom the Lording too

ingfofled Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale &c. Muaori 01 the Manat of Lordington, alias Lurtington, and wey, and divers Lands in the county of ; an d for laying out 5,0001, in purchasing other Lands, to be settled in lieu thereof; was committed; That they had exam 1 n ed the feme, and found the Allegations therein to be true- ~ and that all the Parties concerned had given their Content thereunto; and that the Committee had made federal Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: W'here the feme were read; and are as follow; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 15. leave out " Residue," and insert " Refi —

" dence i"

Pr. 4. L. 12, 13. leave out " Sir William , Of " the Town and County of Newcastle upon Betronet," and insert " the Honourable Henry Lumtey " Esquire

Pr.....L. 15, 16. leave out " Sir WBlackett,"

and insert " Henry Lumley

L. 23.

BydA

Estate.

1

Sapprefling

Loturit*.

Royal Oak Lottery.

Sick and wounded Seamen.

Augmenting

Vicarages.

t

15* Apr

A. 1699.

L. S3, 34. the same Amendment:

L. 4a. the feme Amendment:

Pr. 5. L. 10. the same Amendment:

L. 46. the same Amendment.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House,

Mr. Brotherfbn reported from the Committee, to whom

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Consent of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Con* trad for the buying in his Mother's Jointure; and to fell a small Estate in Great Amccll, in the County of Hertford; and likewise for the securing and raising a Portion for Barbara Byde, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was committed; That they had examined the fame> and found the Allegations thereof to be true; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Consent thereunto; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

A Petition of William Fanshaw Esquire, in behalf of himself and his Three Daughters, Nieces to the late Duke of Monmouth, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, the Petitioner having married the late Duke of Monmouth's Sifter, his Majesty King Charles the Second was pleased to settle 800l. a Year, as a Marriage-Portion on the Petitioner's Wife, but in a little time, the same was reduced to 500 /. per AnnumThat, in King James's time, that 500l. per Annum, was taken from him, by reason he had difiuaded his Wife from the Popish Religion, wherein lhe was educated: That his present Majesty hath been pleased to bestow a Pension of 2001, per Annum, issuing out of the Royal Oak Lottery: And praying. If the Bill now depending for suppressing the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other lotteries, do pals into an Act, he may have a Compensation granted to him, in lieu thereof.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed: And that the Petitioner be heard before the said Committee upon Wednesday next, when the Committee is to fit.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Trent Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Navigation An Act for making and keeping the River Trent, in the Counties of Leicester, Derby, and Stafford, navigable:

And the feme being read, are as follow; viz.

3 Pr. L. 4. after " William," add " Cavendish Esquire,

" commonly called

L. 43. after " Henry," add " Cavendish Esquire,

commonly called

4 Pr. L. 1. after " Lord," add " Henry

L. 13. after " Esquire,' add " Sir Edward Abney " Knight, Edward Bigland Serjeant at Law, Thomas <" Chamclls Esquire, Richard Cheslin, and Henry Big-

" land Gentlemen

10. Pr. 13 L. for " Whares," read " Wharfs

13. Pr. 43 L. for " the," read " their:"

14. Pr. 10 L. leave out " not:"

16 Pr. 15 L. after ‘ ‘ Willington Ferry," add "

" ton King's-Mill Boat or Ferry :"

At the End of the Bill, add the Clause marked A.

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Questiou severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That Mr. Pagit do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

A Petition of the Governor and Company of Mer- Greenland chants of London, trading to Greenland, was presented to Trade, the House, and read; setting forth, That, by Two several late Acts of Parliament, an additional Duty of Tonage and Poundage is granted to his Majesty, whereby all Goods imported are charged with 12 in every 20 s.

Value; by virtue of which said Acts, the Commissioners of the Customs have demanded the said Duty on all Oil,

Blubber, and Whale-Fins, by the Petitioners caught and imported, and caused the Money to be deposited for the feme; to the Discouragement of the Greenland Trade:

And praying an Encouragement of the Greenland Fishery.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Trade to Newfoundland is committed, have Power to receive a Clause to explain the said Acts.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Matmftuiy Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Eledi». Borough of Malmsbury, in the County of Wilts, be made upon Monday Morning next

Ordered, That an Account be laid before this House, upon Monday Morning next, of the Pensions upon the Royal Oak Lottery.

A Petition of several of the Innholders, Victuallers, and other Inhabitants, of the Borough of Dartmouth, and Parts thereunto adjacent, on behalf of themselves, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners, during the late War, did receive and entertain great Numbers of lick and wounded Seamen, sent to them from his Majesty's Ships of War; for which Service there are great Sums due to them; and, being reduced to great Hardships, are not able to subsist any longer without their said Monies: And praying Relief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An A 6tfor settling Augmentations on certain Vicarages for ever:

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

5 Pr. 27 L. after " Authority," insert " and also shall " preach Two Sermons on every Lord's Day, one in the " Forenoon, and one other in the Afternoon, in the said " Churches, alternately."

Ordered, That Mr. Onslow do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his the Chaplain Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will please to bestow feme Preferment in the Church on Mr. William Galloway, Chaplain to this House.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Conway', whom the Bill to enable Popham Conway Esquire, and his Two younger Brothers, to make Leases of their Estates, was committed, be made upon Morning next.

Ordered, That Sir Joseph Tredenham have Leave to go Leave«» into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions. Absence,

Ordered, That Mr. Crane have Leave to go into the Country, upon extraordinary Occasions.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, Coppei That the Bill to prevent the Coining of Farthings and Coinage. Half-pence, for One Year, be now read the Third time;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time upon Tuesday Morning next

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Duties o. Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Gill Glata. for taking off the remaining Duties on Glass-w ares.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Packington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr.

A Member ordered to attend.

Ways

and Means.

Committee*

Wesly*

Eftaie.

11 W. IH. 15° — 17° Jprilis.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chain

Sir John Paddngton reported from the said Committee,

That they had heard the Counsel for the Petitioners, upon the Petition to them referred; and that they had directed him to move, That an Account may be laid before the House of the Produce of the Duties upon Whale-fins, and Scotch Linen, by the late Act; and also of the Produce of the Half-Duties upon Glass-wares, since the other Half was taken oft'; and an Account of the Charges, Collection, and Drawbacks.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Customs, and Officers belonging to the Duties upon Glass-wares, do, upon Monday Morning next, lay before this House an Account of the Produce of the Duties upon Whale-Fins, and Scotch Linen, granted by the late Act; and alto of the Produce of the Half-Duties upon Glass-wares, since the other Half was taken off; and also an Account of the Charges, Collection, and Drawbacks.

Sir John Packingtonalfo acquainted the House, That

he was directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That Henry Chivers Esquire, a Member of this House, having been ordered to attend this House, in his Place, and, in Contempt of this House, not having attended, according to the said Order, be sent for in Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Te,lerS(6rtheYeM,{^r"iJ|^.

So it passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the said Mr. do attend this

House, in his Place, upon Saturday Morning next

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cmtper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Ccruper reported from the said Committee, That they had come to several Resolutions; which they had directed him to report, when the House win please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made upon Monday Morning.

Mr. Cawper also acquainted the House, That he was

directed by the said Committee to move, That they may have Leave to lit again.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luna, 17* die Aprilis;

Undecimo Gulielmi Tertii.

Praters.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for foe enabling Cyriac JVeslyd Esquire to fell feme Part of his Estate, which, by Articles upon his Marriage, was agreed to be settled upon his Wife and Children; You XIL

and for the Settling of other Part of his Estate, of better Value to the same Uses; was read the Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

neys, Mr. England, Mr. Wynne, Sir Robert Edon, Nlr.

Dormer, Mr. Hughes, Sir John Bolls, Mr. Brother ton.

Dr. Davenant, Mr. Hancock, Sir Richard Cocks, Sir -

frey Copley, Mr. Cooke, Colonel King, Mr. Which cot,

Mr . Bernardiston, Mr. Herne, Mr. Godo/phin, Mr. Hayes,

Sir Thomas Duvall, Sir John Fleet, Lord Fairfax, Air.

Gwyune, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Moumtevens, Mr. Sir

Chr. Hales, Mr. Blaake, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Thom-

haugh. Sir Willoughby Hidttnan, Mr. DuncomM r.

feild. Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Gerrard , Mr. Mr. Dymock, Mr. Perry, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Varney, Mr.

Hoar-, and all the Members that serve for the (J <. »vmty Lincoln: And they are to meet at Five a ^is

Afternoon, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

Sir Robert Eden reported from the ComtrsrLtee, to Fatter* whom the ingrossed Bill, from foe Lords, intitcx-Ted, An Ettata.

Act for the Confirming of a Grant, and Settlemt: r*t_ made by William Foster Esquire, of divers Manors a*lC^ Lands

in the County Palatine of Durham, and County of North-umberland, to Thomas Lord Fairf ax, and oti*^? i~S, upon certain Trulls and Uses therein mentioned -w ag committed, That they had examined the fame, and dFV>utu\ foe - "

Allegations therein to be true ;.and that all the Pat* ties con- 1

cerned therein had given their Consents thereu* m T <~> to the Satisfaction ol foe Committee; and that they ha cl w^ade an Amendment to the Bill; which they had dire€fce<fl him to report to foe House; which he read in his Place . an(i afterwards delivered in at foe Clerk's Table: W" tu same was twice read; and, upon the Question there6

upon, agreed unto by foe House; and is as fc*lloweth;

Pr, 4. L. 30, after " Rent-charge," add A.nd until " such time as the Rent-charge shall be Told, said

" Trustees shall pay the Interest that shall became due " upon the said Bond, in such Course, and with such " Preference, in Order of Time, as is above dix-«E2^feed for " Payment of the said Bond.'*

Resolved, That no Member of this House fc» a VC any Privilege of Privilege, except for his Person only, against any Conn- in moner, in any Suit or Proceedings in Courts of Caw or SulU* Equity, for any longer time than the House shall be actually fitting for foe Dispatch of Business in Parliament» and that foe same be a standing Order of the House.

Mr. Sloan reported from the Committee, to whom

the Bill to enable Popham Conway Esquire, and hi^ Two a younger Brothers, to make Leases of their Estate^, was committed, That they had examined foe lame, and jtf5owind the Allegations therein to be true; and that all foe JE->sa.i~ties concerned had given their Consents thereunto* the

Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Coinnni Ttec had made several Amendments to foe Bill; whiefm they had directed him to report to foe House; which he read, in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout: and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon foe Quefiioti severally put thereupon, agreed unto by foe House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with foe Amendments, be ingrossed.

Mr. Lcrwndes, according to Order, presented to €:he

House an Account of foe Pensions upon foe Royal Oat r°y*l 0*k Lottery:

And the Title thereof was read:

And the Account is as followefo; vis.

8 B Aw

Leeke's

Estate*

Raising

MiliUa.

646 ' 17° Aprilis. A. 1699

An ACCOUNT of the Pensions upon the Royal Oak Lottery;

per Ainum.

s d % s % d

To Colonel Philip Howard -..... 400______

James Gray 400 _, —

Henry Foubert ^00______

Charles Duncomb, for Lieutenant-Colonel Vaughan - 300 ——

Colonel Baldwin Leighton -.....200 ——

Charlotte Killigrew 200 ——

Captain Griffin Standen - - - - _ -20 ——

Victoria Slingsby - - - - -20 — —

Elizabeth Hall - - - - -20 —; —

Ann Aston - - - _ - -20 — —

Margaret Pretty - - - . -20 ——

Amey Goldsborough - - - _ 20 ——

Jane Bell - - - -20 — ' —

Richard Sydenham and Grace his Wife - - - _ -40 ——

Paul Boyer 200 ——

Payable by the Farmers Eleanor Nedham, alias South, for her Three Children -Jane Berkley ——

Katherine and Mary Armstrong -

William Fanlhaw ——

Captain John Richards -

Sulanna Leighton - -

Sir Charles Slingsby -

Elizabeth Slingsby - -

Ann Duke, for herself and Children ——

Captain Kettleby's Children -

Captain John Baker ——

Captain John Watkinson ——

Ann Ashbury ——

Ann Collins ——

..... Ross, his Three Daughters ——

..... Buss, Widow ——

Edward Duke - ....

300 ——

200 ——

200 ——

200 ——

200 ——

100 -

40 ——

20 ——

45 12 6 36 10 — 36 10 — 185 —

20 ——

20-1-----

90 ——

20 ——

24 ——

2,380 —

Payable at the Exchequer - - - - 1,570 17 6

17th April 1699.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Account be referred to the Committee, to whom the Bill to suppress the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, is committed: And that the Grantees of the said Pensions be heard, before the said Committee, upon Wednesday Morning next, when the said Committee-is to fit

Mr. Brothcrton reported from the Committee, to whom the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Katherine Leeke, an Infant under the Age of One-and-twenty Years, to settle and dispose of her Estate, upon her Marriage; and also the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Gentleman, Son and Heir apparent Okeover, of

Okeover, in the County of Stafford, Esquire, together with the said Rowland Okeover, to make a Jointure, and Settlement, upon the Marriage of the said Thomas Okeover was committed; That they had examined the fame, and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that all the Persons concerned had given their Consent thereunto; and that, as to the Petition of Robert Peale and his Wife, in relation to the Bill of the said Katherine Leeke, Mr. bihgton, and Mr. Henry Tate, who had a Power, from the Petitioners, to oppose the fame, or to agree upon Terms, as they should think fit, declared, that they had made an Agreement in behalf of the Petitioners, and delircd to withdraw the Petition; and that the Committee had directed him to report the said Bills to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Bridges, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for

In all - - £-3,950 17 6

Wm. Lowndes.

railing the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, was committed, the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were once read throughout, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill with Blanks, That

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That #

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingossed.

Ordered, That Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Milbank, S'irGodfreyCopley, Mr. Robinson, M r.Danby,

Sir Lyon. Jenkins, be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of Colonel Cootc's Soldiers was r eferred.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the House an Account of the Produce of the Duty on

G lufs- wares

Jrifli Arrears.

Duty os GlaU.

Doty on Gluts*

11 w. III.

J7>

<J47

Glafe-wares, from the ill of August 1698, to the 4th of ift of August last to the 15th of April 1699, inclusive: February 1698: And also, And a Year's Estimate of the Scotch Linen, Whale*

An Account of the net Produce of the new Duty on Fin», and Half-Duty on Glass:

Whale-Fins, and Scotch Linen, from the 10th of July last; Which Accounts were read; and are as followeth; viz.

and the remaining Half-Duty on Glassware, from the

As ACCOUNT of the Produce of the Duty on Glass-wares, from the ift Day of August 1698, to the 4*h of

February 169!-.

By Allowance for Debentures on Goods exported 25 1 5 3

By prompt Payment allowed on Cash received - 1 11 3i

Net Duty - - - 5,097

The gross Produce of the" Duty, from the ift of August 1698, to the 4th of February -

Encouraging tho lifhery.

St dt

5A24 8 5i

Betides what is collected at the Custom-house.

8 5*

Besides several Accounts from the Country, £. 5,124 not come in —

The Charge of collecting amounts to - - - 767

Examined by the Books. % — _____ ——

April 17, 1696. Daniel de Accoro ptant.

-1 o —

An ACCOUNT of the net Produce of the new Duty on Whale-Fins, and Scotch Linen, from the 1 oth J ^; and the remaining Half Duty on Glassware, from the ift August last to the 15th of April 1699, inclusive 9 via.

Whale-Fins.

From the 10th of July 1698, to the 15th April following, inclu- five, London ——

Out-Ports, to Christmas 1698

Scotch Linen.

From the 1 oth July 1698, to the 15th April following, inclusive, London Out-Ports, to Christmas 1698 ——

c

The Half-Duty on Glassware.

From the 1 ft Augusti 698,10 the 15th April following, inclusive, London Out-Ports, to Christmas following -

c

Money. £. s. d. 4,872 19 10 1 1 6j Bond. JL* St rf. 50 8 — -

4,874 4i 50 8 —

2,971 5 — 2,096 14 8

5,067 19 8

468 13 n| 3 10 9

472 4 8|

TOTA1.

-S-

d.

4,924-

9 4t

Gross Receipt ——

Drawn back by Debentures and Over-entries -

Net Produce

5,067

9 8

472

4 8*

10,464

158

3 1 -4

9

2f

10,305 i 6£

Note, There are many Debentures (landing out: So that a just Account cannot be given of Drawbacks. As also the Accounts of the Out-Ports are returned no farther than to Christmas last.

17 April 1699. Cha. Carkesse.

A Year's Estimate of the new Duty on Scotch Linen, may be-- - . 6,000

On Whale-Fins - - - - , - c 000

The Half-Duty on Glass - - - 500

17 April 1699. Cha. Carkesse.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Accounts be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the remaining Duties on Glass-wares is committed.

ifrfce

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Sir John Packington took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Sir John Packingtcn reported from the said Committee,

That they had gone through the Bill; and made an Amendment thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered \That ti e said Report be made Tomorrow Morning.

A Bill for establishing and regaining the Fishery was read a Second time.

Vo 1. XII.

"Resolved, That the Bill be committed, to a Comi of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, upon this Day Severe-night, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole LTo u/e, to consider of the said Bill.

Mr. Ccrwper, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whole House, to whom it was referred and

to consider of Ways and Means for raising the Supply ^eanSr be granted to his Majesty, the Resolutions which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerks Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That a Duty be laid upon all Paper, Vellom, Parchment and Pasteboard.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the said Duty be after the Rate of 30/.for every

1

648 17" Aprilis. A. 1699.

Ways and 100l. of the Value of all Paper, Vellom, Parchment, Means. and Pasteboard, imported, according to the Rates set down in the Book of Rates, made in the 12th Year of King Charles the I Id, over and above all Duties already payable for the fame.

Refotoed, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be paid ad Valorem, for all such Sorts of the said Commodities as are not particularly valued in the said Book of Rates.

Revived, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty of 20/. for every too/. Value, be paid for all printed Paper, or Books, imported, according to the Value of the Paper so printed, or made into Books, let down in the said Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duties be paid by the Importer for all the said Commodities, imported at any time after the 13th Day of April 1699, during the Space of Five Years.

Rejoiced', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty on all Paper, Vellom Parchment, and Pasteboard, made within this Kingdom, be after the Rate of 20/. for every ioo/. of the Value thereof, according to the several Values of the like Kinds of Paper, Vellom, Parchment, and Pasteboard, set down in the said Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said last mentioned Duty be paid ad Valorem, for all such Sorts of the said Commodities as are not particularly valued in the said Book of Rates.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said last mentioned Duty be paid by the Maker, for all the said Commodities made within this Kingdom, at any time after the 13th Day of April 1699, during the Space of Five Years.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon all Rock-Salt, and Salt-Rock not refined.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be rated and charged by allowing only 70 Pound Weight to the Bushel; by which the Duty, now charged thereon, shall be collected, and levied, for the future.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Duty of 8 per Gallon on low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, drawn from Mobiles and other foreign Materials, or any Mixture therewith, be reduced to 4 d.per Gallon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the present Duties on all low Wines, and Spirits of the first Extraction, drawn from English Materials, other than malted Corn, be reduced to \\d. per Gallon.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a further Duty be laid upon all Sweets, whereby the present Duties charged thereon shall be increased to l/. ifi$. per Barrel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Duties payable for Vinegar, made in this Kingdom, be settled at 8 s. per Barrel.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That a Duty be laid on all Cinders, made of Pit-Coal, water-borne in order to be shipped.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Duty be after the Rate of 5 s. per Chaldron.

The First Nine of the said Resolutions, being feyerally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

The Tenth Resolution being read a Second time;

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by adding " and that the said Duty be charged at the Pits:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in thC said Resolution, so amended; That the said Duty be rated and charged by allowing only 70 Pound. Weight to the Bushel; by which the Duty, now charged 18

thereon, shall be collected, and levied, for the future:

And that the said Duty be charged, at the Pits.

The rest of the said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That a Bill, or Bills, be brought in upon the said Resolutions: And that Mr. Cowper and Mr.

Lowndes do prepare, and bring in, the fame.

Sir Rowland Gwyn, according to Order, reported, privilege of from the Committee of Privileges and Elections, the a Member i« Matter upon the Petition rtf Dame Elizabeth Windham, a ^uit* as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Upon the Petition of the Lady Windhampraying,

That lhe may be at Liberty to proceed at Law, for the Recovery of 1,000l. secured to be paid to her, by her late HufhandSir Thomas Wyndham, deceased-; wherein, as lhe alleges, ibe was obstructed by Sir Francis Wyndhamsinlifting on his Privilege:

That there was a Treaty by Sir Francis Wyndham and Thomas Wyndham, Father and Brother of Sir Francis, the Sitting-Member, for a Marriage to be had between the said Thomas and Elizabeth, the Petitioner, Daughter-of Sir George Crook: The said Marriage was agreed upon and a Settlement to be made, in Consideration thereof, and of 4,000l. Portion; and a Settlement was made accordingly, of Sir Fran. Wyndhams, the Father's, Estate; viz.

15th February 1675. Of the Manor of Trent, with several Lands in the County of Somerset, to the Use of Sir Francis the Father, for Life; and, after his Death, to.

Dame Ann, his Wife, for her Life, for her Jointure; Remainder to Thomas, for his Life; and, after the Death of Sir Francis, Ann, and Thomas, there is a Term vested

in Sir William Portman, Arthur Onslow, and Richard Crook, upon the Trusts therein mentioned: And of the Manor of Pillesdon, and Estate in Dorsetshire, upon Thomas, for Life; then upon the Petitioner, for Life, for her Jointure; and afterwards a Term vested in the said Trustees, for 200 Years, upon the Trusts in that Deed mentioned:

In which Settlement there is a Covenant by Sir Francis the Father, and Thomas, That the Estate settled in shire, for the Jointure of the Petitioner, was then of the Value of 600l. per Annum, over and above all Charges:

And the Trusts of the several Terms of 200 Year* were declared to be, That, in Failure of Issue Male, if there was but One Daughter, for raising a Portion of

4,000 /. for her, payable at her Age of One-and-twenty, or Marriage, which should first happen; and, in the mean time, to pay her 40/. per Annum, for her Maintenance:

And by the said Settlement, in Failure of Issue Male of Thonms, the Estates were to remain to the Heim Males of Sir Francis the Father.

20th January 1678, Sir Thomas Wyndham, his Father: being dead, by Indenture made between himself of the one Part; and Andrew Worth, Nicholas Johnson, and Roger Hewet, of the other Part; doth covenant to levy a Fine of the Dorsetshire Estate, and also another Fine of the Somersetshire Estate; which several Fines are, by the said Deed, declared to be (a)[to the Use of Sir Tho. Wyndham, for Life; and, after his Decease], to the Use of tire said Andrew Worth, Nicholas , and Roger

Hewet, for the Term of Ninety-nine Years; and, from, the Determination of that Estate, to the Use of the Heirs Male of Sir Francis Wyndham the Father; the Remainder to the right Heirs of the said Sir Tho. Wyndham; and as to the Term for Years, it is declared in Trust, That the: said Wrought, Johnson, and Ileicet, by Selling, Mortgaging, Demifing, or other Disposition thereof, or any Part thereof, should pay and fetisfy such Debts, as the said Sir

(«) Supplied from the original Report

Thomas

11 W. III. 170 — i 8d £49

Thomas should owe at the time of his Death, together with their own Charges; and, in the next place, to pay and satisfy l'uch Sums as the said Sir Thomas by any

Deed, or Writing, under his own Hand, testified by One or more credible Witnesses, should direct and appoint; and also the Legacies of the said Sir Thomas

18 June 1683. By Indenture-Tripartite, between Sir Thomas and the Petitioner, of the First Part; John and BuUen Reymes, of the Second Part; and

Onslow and Hands, now Sir Francis 11 yndham, of the Third Part; in Consideration of 3,500l. paid by the said Sir Francis, to Sir Thomas; and for lettling the Estate to the Uses therein mentioned; the livid Sir Thomas does covenant. That he and the Petitioner would levy a Fine of tho Lands in Dorfctjhb'e, and himself would levy another Fine of the Lands in Somersetshire; which were declared to the Uses following; viz.

To the Use of Denzill Onslo for 1,000 Years, with-

out Impeachment of Waite, in Trust for Sir Francis, for Security of the said 2,500l. with Interest, at Five Years End; Remainder to Sir Thomas, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Sons, in Tail Male; Remainder to Sir

Francis, for Life; Remainder to his First and other Sons in Tail Male; with other Remainders over.

Sir Thomas covenanted, That the Premises were free from Incumbrances, except a Term of 99 Years, to commence from his Death; which was intended to be assigned to Richard Onslow Merchant, in the First Place further

to secure the Payment of the said 2,500l. with Interest; and then in Trust for securing the Payment of Dame Elizabeth the Petitioner 1,000l. within Three Months after his Dead), in case (lie survive him, and not otherwise; and if (lie die in his Life-time, then for securing the like Sum of 1,000l. to Anne, Daughter of Sir Thomas and Dame Elizabeth, to be paid within Three Months after his Death; and then, after the Term, was to attend upon the Inheritance, settled as aforesaid.

And, except the Jointures of Dame Anne and Eliz. there is, in the same Deed, a Proviso, That, till Defoult in Payment of the 2,500l. with Interest, Sir Thomas and all other the Remainder may enjoy.

And it is at last further agreed, by the Parties to that Deed, That the Premises shall remain charged with 10/. per Annum more to Anne, the Daughter of Sir,

till her Portion is payable.

5 September 1693. Roger , being the surviving Trustee, by Indenture made between him, of the First Part; and Richard Onslow Merchant, of the other Part;

in Pursuance of a Decree in Chancery', wherein the said Sir Fran.Wyndham and the Petitioner were Petitioners

against the said Roger Hexcetassigned over the Term of 99 Years, granted by the Deed of 20th January 1678, to the said Richard Onslow.

24 November 1698. That the Petitioner's Daughter Anne being married to William James El'quire, the l'everal Terms of 200 Years, and 200 Years, in the and Somersetshire Estates, for raising the said Anne's Portion, are, in pursuance of a Decree in Chancery, upon paying the Sum of 4,669/. for the said Anne's Portion, and for Arrears of Maintenance, and Interest and Costs, by way of Mortgage, assigned over to Sir Thomas Jlleercs and Nicolas Martin.

And it does appear, by a Receipt on the Back of the fair! Deed, signed by William James Esquire, who married Anne the Daughter of the said Sir Thomas; and all'o by Anne his Wife; that they did receive the said Money of Sir Francis Windham accordingly.

That the Petitioner has been in Pofiession of her Jointure in Dorsetshire, ever fmee the Death of her Husband Sir Thomas, and (b (till is; but, as her Counsel alleged, the same is but of the Value of 300l. per Annum; and at that Value, offered to part with it to Sir Francis Wyndham;

That Dame Ame, Relict of Sir Francis the Father, held the Somersetshire Estate* as her Jointure-Estate, til! July last, when Sir Francis entered thereupon, as well by virtue of the said Settlement* in Remainder upon him, Vo 1. XII,

for Default of Issue Male Of Sir Thomas, as to satisfy him the 2,500l. and Interest, by him paid in 1683, and of which the Interest was, and is, in Arrear, since the Death of Sir Thomas, in 1692: And that he holds such Posses-feon, as well for these Purposes, as to pay himself the 4,669/. and Interest, which he paid to the said Mr.

James; which Charges of 2,500l. and Interest, and the said,669/. and Interest, are precedent to the Petitioner's Claim of the said 1,000l.

And Sir Francis Wyndham s Counsel infilled*

That the said Somersetshire Estate, which he in it' Pofr fession of, is bat about 150/. per Annum clear of Taxes, and other Out-goings: And that he has yet received but One Half-year's Rent thereout, which is all the Estate that he hath, until after the Petitioner's Death, towards Satisfaction of the said Monies, so due to him afote-foid.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of* "tTie said Report be adjourned till Thursday Morning next. Eleven a Clock.

Refolded, That this House will, To-tnorro\V I^tortung, Supply Bill) proceed in the further Consideration of the Rejxz»wt of the Fund Tax* Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty-four thousand and Pifteesas. Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for- edifbanding (he Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Privileges and E eaions, touching the Election for the Borough of Malmesbury? in the County of b

lhe

Malmesbury

Election.

Ordered, That the Bill to indemnify the Ca his Majesty's Ships from such Penalties and Dili* have been inflicted upon them, upon Pretence bezzlements of Goods, taken as Prizes be read time upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned -

Ll-»tains of" Penalties on -fc* ill ties as Embezzlt-- of Em- £*ent of

c, _ Prizes.

Second

Committed

And then the House adjourned till To — morrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Undecimo Gulielmi 3fii.

Praters.

(ORDERED, That-the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Remardeau, Peter Chantreau des Gaudre, and «r>T:tiers, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Tiree

See. Nat.

Troops of Guards and Grenadiers, be read time Tomorrow, at Twelve a Clock.

tlx.

i'irft

A Bill to discharge several Ships from the Penal ties of Penalties foe Act of Navigation, who, by reason of their Men t>e- under Ad of ing pneffed at Sea into his Majesty's Service, during the Navigatioa, late War, were disabled from performing their Voyages> according to the Direction of the said Act, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr- Crt Sir James Houblen, Mr. Moore, Sir Richard C^ap.

tain Clayton\Mr. Bagot, Mr. Drake, Mr. Hughes, J\fr,

Brother ton, Mr. Bridges, Dr. Dceoenant, Sir-

Johnson, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Johnjbn, Mr. Nicholfojt, r

Thomas Cooke, Mr. Hammond, Sir Charles , -B/r,

Thamaugh, Mr. Topham, Mr. Rudga Sir William FTl/ers,

Mr. Freeman, Mr. Lowther, Sir Jacob Aftly, Sir Jo/ty

Mordant, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Parkhurst, Sir Jacob Mr. Scobell, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Colonel , Sic

Robert Cotton; and all for the Sea-Ports; And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

8 C M

% k

6 50 18° Apr His. 1699.

Ships Hawke An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act and Rainbow. for t^e Ships Hawke and Rainbow to trade as built Ships, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Major Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Mr. Mr.

Mr. Barnardiston, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr. Drake, Mr.

White, Sir Robei't Cotton, Doctor Davenanl, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Moor, Mr. Campion, Mr. Onslow, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Ash, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr.

Sir Wm. Phibbilrd, Sir Robert Nappier, Colonel Lee, Mr. Hughes, Sir Tho. Mompesson, Sir Lord

Fairf kr, Sir Richard O Sir John Bland, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. Sergison, Sir Mr. Shallot,

Captain Clayton, Mr. Slaughter, Ml*. Hays, Mr. Nicholson, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Hisham.: And they are to meet at l'ive a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Poor Law*. A Petition of the Mayor, Churchwardens* Overseers, of the Poor, and other Inhabitants of the Borough and Parish of New Windsor', in the County of Berks, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are informed a Bill is brought' into this House for the providing for the Poor: That there are several of the poor Soldiers of Chelsey College lent to keep Garilon at Windsor, who bring their Families with them, may become burdensome to their laid Parish: And praying feme Provision may be made in the said Bill to prevent the lame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Saver/s An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act

r ire-Engine. for the Encouragement of a new Invention, by Thomas Savery, for raising Water, and occasioning Motion to all Sorts of Mill-work, by the impellent Force of Fire, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Scobell, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Moor, Captain Clayton, Sir God-

frey Copley, Mr. Varney, Major-General Erie, Mr Mr. Hoar, Sir Chr. Hales, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr. Bro-therton, Mr. Hammond, Sir Cha. Sir Robert

Nappier, Sir John Cope, Mr. Cholmondley, Mr. Dymock, Mr. Shackerly, Sir Wm.Hustler, Mr. Hughes, Mr. Asgill, Mr. Lowther, Sir Robert Dovers, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Mr. Cox, Sir John Fleet, Mr. Perry, Mr.

Mr. Bartie, Sir Wm. Drake, Mr. Brereton, Sir Wm, Coryton; and all that serve for Devon, Cornwall, and Sea-Ports; and all the Merchants of the House: And they are to meet. Five a Clock this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Diibnndt d A Petition of Andreio Cragg, Henry Vesel, and Suck-Soldiers. man Brandhurst, in behalf of themselves, and others, being Foreigners, lately disbanded out of the Right Honourable the Earl of MacclesJieUTs Regiment of Horse, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have served his Majesty several Years, in all due Obedience; and are now disbanded, and barbarously used by their Officers, having their Horses and Accoutrements taken from them, which was given them by the King, and themselves stripped from the Waist upwards: That, being Aliens, and forced to leave this Kingdom; and having not One Peny to buy them Bread withal; pray their deplorable Condition may be taken into Consideration, and feme Relief afforded them.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to a Committee: And that they do examine the Matter thereof; and report the same to the House.

And it is referred to Mr. Ro. Bertie, Mr. Varney, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Thurland, Mr. Hancock, Sir Wm.

' Sir John Bolls, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Tho. Wagstaffe, Mr.

Philips, Sir Wm.Cory ton, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Drake, Sir Samuel Barnardiston, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr. Hayes, Sir John Packington, Mr. Mr. Smith, Sir

Godfrey Copley, Mr GerrarAir. Moor, Mr. Berty, Air.

Bridges, Mr. Nicholson, Sir Charles Hedges, Mr. Scobell, Sir.Richard Onslow, Lord Coningsby, Mr. Clerke, Air.

Mounstevens, Major Stringer, Mr. Offey: And they have Power to fend for Papers, Persons, and Records; And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon.

Sir John Packington reported from the Committee of Duties on the whole House, to whom the Bill for taking off the Glass. remaining Duties on Glals-wares, was committed, the Amendments, made by the said Committee, to the said Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, lie ingrossed.

A Petition of Captain Martin was presented Half-Pay.

to the House, and read; setting forth, That he hath served his Majesty for several Years, in the late War, where he received many dangerous Wounds, Three whereof cost him above 300l. the curing, besides the Fatigue of going 21 Months on Crutches: And praying he may be entered on the Lift of Officers appointed to receive Half-Pay.

Ordered, That the said Captain Laycock be added to the Lift of Officers who are to receive Half-Pay.

A Petition of the Merchants in and about the City of Duty on London, trading to New-England, and Pen- Whale-tin*.

silvania, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That, by the Act of 9* § to* Gut. III. RS. a Duty of 3 d. only for all Whale-Fins taken, caught, and imported, in or by any Ships belonging to the , Greenland Company; and a Duty of (id. for any other Ship or Vessel that shall do the like; that the Whale-Fin of Greenland is double the Value Pound of that of the said Colonies; and therefore cannot bear to pay above Half the Duty charged upon the said Greenland Whale-Fin: And praying, That they may be admitted to enter Whale-Fins ad valorem, and pay Duties accordingly.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, who are to consider further of Ways and Aleans for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Blackw^ir Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, ijaliWoollta An Act for the making more effectual an Act, intituled. Market*

An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there:

And the said Amendments, being read, are as follow; viz.

3 P. I,. 4. after " Merchandizes," add " made of, or mixed with, Wool

L. 5. after " Alakera," add " Owners L. 6. after " Makers" add " Owners L. 8. after " Alakers," add " Owners

At the End of the Bill, add " And that all such Goods " as shall be brought to the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, be brought unto, pitched, and harboured, in Blackwell-hall, and the Wdch-hall, or One " of them; there to remain until the Hallage, arid " other Duties, for the Relief of the poor Children in " Christ's Hospital, be paid or agreed and secured to " be paid, for the fame

And several of them, being again read, were agreed unto by the House.

The last Amendment being read, for adding, at the End of the Bill, " And that all such Goods as shall be " brought to the City of London, or the Liberties thereof, be brought unto, pitched, and harboured in Blackwell-hall, and the Welsh-hall, or One of them; there " to remain until the Hallage, and other Duties, for the " Relief of the poor Children in Christ's Hospital, be paid,.

" or agreed and secured to be paid, for llie fame;"

And

11 W. III.

189 Aprilis.

&5 i

C<

Supply Bill; Duty on Swet ts.

Copper

Coinage.

Sophiftica-ting Wine*

Wray ford's Estate.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, touching the said Amendment.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Realons, to be offered at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Moor, Mr. Dormer, Mr. Smith, Mr Bertie, Sir Chr. Sir Bolls,

Lord Combury, Sii George Hwtgerjord, Mr. Brothei'ton, Sir Francis Child, Mr. Mount ague, Sir Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Blake, Mr. Blofeild, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Clerke, Colonel Lee; or any Five of them.

Ordered, That it bean Instruction to Mr. and

Mr. Lowndes, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Hill,

or Bills, upon the Resolutions Yesterday agreed unto by the House, That they do bring in a Clause therein, to empower the Justices of the Peace to determine the Penalties upon the Act for Duties upon Leather.

An ingrossed Bill to prevent the Coining of Farthings and Halfpence, for One Year, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That the Accounts of the said Contractors, in relation to their coining Halfpence and Farthings, shall hereafter be settled by the Order and Direction of the Lords Commissioners of his Majesty's Treasury:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second..

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to prevent the Coining of Farthings and Half-..... for One Year longer.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Sir Charles S'ulley, according to Order, presented to the House a Bill to prevent the corrupt Mixing and Sophifti-eating of Wine: And the same was received; and read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, upon Thursday Morning next.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Franldyn and Air. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act to

whereof he was elected Sheriff: Be it therefore hereby Enacted, That every High Sheriff, at the Palling of this Act, of any County of this Kingdom of England, and Dominion of Wa/es, except tile Sherifls of London and Middlesex, is, and shall be, the Receivers-General of this present Tax, for fuel) respective County whereof he is now Sheriff; and shall give, or cause to be given, by Bond, to his Majesty, such reasonable Security as the Lords Commissioners of the Treasury, or Lord High Treasurer for the Time being, 111 all direct and appoint, for making due Payment into the Exchequer, according to the Directions of tVII^ Act; all and every such Sum or Sums of Money 413 shall, either by himself, Deputy, or Deputies, receive from time to time, by virtue of, and in pursu^nee ot, the fame: And the High Sheriff of each ref~i>cctive County, hereby appointed Receiver General, as afove-said, shall, by himself, Deputy, or Deputies, an(\

perform all and every such Act and Service t\ia\\

be required of him or them to be done and pox'Yovvned as Receiver-General, according to the Direct-tons of 1 this present Act: Provided neverthelela, Th if any

Sheriff, appointed Receiver-General, as aforefL*. id, does not, on or before the Day of give

or cause to be given, such reasonable Security" Defore such Persons, and in such manner, as is hereby cl i reeled to be given, either by himself, or Deputy :* then

" it shall be lawful for his Majesty to appoint, or use to

be appointed, a Receiver-General for lhch €

" and in the usual and customary Form, in PlaceHigh Sheriff, so refuting or neglectim* to tiiv

" rity, as aforesaid°

An Amendment was proposed to be made ther - k leaving out " except the Sheriffs of i -A % *Jiddk-

ounty; of such Secu-

sex

thej

-upon.

enable William Wray ford Gentleman, and Dam j*,.

Wi^Atir In malm T pq(ac nf Hnnloa one) rnun/^ in r

And the same was, upon the Question put agreed unto by the House.

And the Blank therein was filled up.

Then the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Clause, so-aiarr ended: The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,(Mr* Gxtyn,

fair. Freeman:

Tellers for the Noes,(^r* Onslm

IMr. Farkhurst:

So it passed in the Negative.

A Clause was offered, to be added to the Commissioners for the North Riding

of York may, at their First General Meeting, propoi'tlon the whole Sum, to be laid on that Riding, as usually

r o.

78.

the Bill, That of the County

Rich Widow, to make Leases of Houses and Ground, m Cocent-Garden, late the Estate of John Achy, Citizen, and Haberdasher of London: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew*

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

The House, according to Order, proceeded in the further Consideration of the Report of the Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred

And the same was read the First trine:

And the Question being put, That the Clause he read a Second time;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered, to be added to the 13111, with Blanks, That -

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks up:

eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling , t*,en

Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Arm 'hePon> *Sreed unto bj ,he House 10 mado 1 "r' providing for the Navy, ani for other necelfory Occ c,ause to the BfI,

for an Account to be taken of the forfeited Estates in Ireland;

The same was twice reaid:

And an Amendment being proposed to be made there-hnto;

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Ord, That the said Debate be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

filled

put

of

lions:

And other Amendments, made by the Committe to the said Bill, were severally read a Second time; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause O being read a Second time, being as followed!; viz. " And whereas the High Sheriff of each " County was, by the Common Law of this Realm, " heretofore, the proper Officer for collecting, receiving, " and paying in to the Receipt of the Exchequer, not " only the Revenues of the Crown, but also such Aids " and Subsidies as were at any time granted by Parliament; and all other Monies accruing, or coming " due, to the King, out of that respective County, Vol. XII.

Ordered, That the Report from die Committee, to whom the Petition of Captain was referred, relating to Prizes, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Resolved,

652

i8° — 190

A. 1699.

Poor Laws.

Ways and Means.

Disbanded

Marines.

Officers and Soldiers to exercise Trades.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the better providing for the Poor, and setting them on Work; and nothing to intervene.

Rejobed, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty.

Ordered, That the Commissioners of the Admiralty do lay before this House a List of the Officers of the Four new Marine Regiments, which are to be disbanded.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Majesty's Service to exercise Trades is committed, That they have Power to receive a Clause to oblige the Paymasters to account with the Colonels.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Met curd, 19° die A prills;

Undccimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

AN ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A6fc to enable William Wray ford Gentleman, and Dame Anne Rich Widow, to make Leases of Houses and Ground, in Covent-Garden, late the Estate of John Athy Citizen and Haberdasher of London, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

Wray ford'* Eliate.

Conway's

Estate.

Bull's

Estate.

Half-pay*

An ingrossed Bill to enable Popham Conway, Esquire, and his Two younger Brothers, to make Leases of their Estates, was read the Third time.

Rrfolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable Popham Conway, Francis Seyjnour, and Charles Seymour Esquire, and their Iffiie Male, severally and successively, to make Leases of their Estates.

Ordered, That Mr. Sloan do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Bull, an Infant, toiellhis Lands, in Kent, for the Payment of his Debts, and Annuities charged thereon; and for Provision of younger Children; was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Colonel Lee, Mr. Sayers, Mr. Champneys, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Campion, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Freeman, Mr. Hughes, Sir Henry Seymour, Mr. Holmes, Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Mounstecens, Mr. Desbovery, Sir Wm. Hustler, Sir Robert Edon, Mr. Cooke, Mr. Blofeild, Sir John Cope, Mr. Hoar, Mr. Cowper, Lord Fairfax, Mr. Blaake, Sir Abstr. Danby, Mr. Shackerly, Colonel Osborne, Doctor Dave-nant; and all that lerve for the Counties of Kent, Sussex, and Surry: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Captain Henry Waldron was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he hath served as an Officer in Flanders several Years, and, by a Rheumatism, contracted first in the W'ar, was made incapable of further Service, and is now out of Employ: And praying he may be inserted in the Lift of the Officers who are to have Half-Pay.

Ordered, That the fetid Henry Waldron be inserted into the Lift of Officers who are to have Half-Pay.

A Petition of Captain William Eccles was presented to

19

the House, and read; setting forth. That he hath served, Half pay. in Ireland, as Captain of an independent Company of Fufiliers, belonging to Colonel Jacob Richards, which said Company was broke in 1692, and no Provision made for the Officers: That he is the only Officer now unprovided for j and hath left all he had to serve this Kingdom: And praying he may be inserted in the General Lift of such Officers as shall be thought fit to receive their Half-Pay.

Ordered, That the said Captain William Eccles be inserted into the Lift of Officers who are to have Half-Pay.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn- Half-pay ing, take into Consideration the Matter of Balf-Puy, to be given to Officers.

Mr. Bertie reported from the Committee, to whom it niackweii-was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the hall Wooiiea Lords at a Conference, touching the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the making more effectual an Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall, to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; That they had drawn up Realons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Lords Amendment at the End of the Bill:

For that there are several Merchandizes, as well made of, as mixed with, Wool, brought to the City of London, from Canterbury, Norwich, and several other Places, within this Kingdom, that never were brought to Blackwell-hall, or Welsh-hall, or chargeable with the Duties usually paid for Cloth iold there; which, by this Amendment, should it pass into a Law, they would be liable to; which, will not only be very prejudicial to those Manufactures, but is a Charge upon the People; which the Commons can by no means allow to arise but in their House.

Ordered, That Mr. Bertie do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

Ordered, That the Bill for fixing the Determination of the last Act for prohibiting the Importation of Bone-lace, to be Six Months from the End of this Sessions of Parliament, be read a Second time upon Saturday Morning next.

An ingrossed Bill for taking off the remaining Duties Duties on on Glass-wares was read the Third time. Glas*.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And hat the Title be, An ACfc for taking off the remaining Duties on Glass-wares.

Ordered, That Sir John Packing ton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

The House resumed the adjourned Debate, of Yester- Supply Bill; day, upon the Amendment proposed to be made to the Land Tax. Clause, for an Account to be taken of the forfeited Estates 1 in Ireland, offered to be added to the BilL for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Arm y, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occa-lions:

And several Amendments were made, by the House, to the Clause:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to the House, with a Blank for Commissioners Names, for taking the said Account:

And the same w as twice read.

Ordered, That the further Consideration of the said Clause be adjourned till Tomorrow Morning.

Resolved,

Lords iyet to a Conference

Billingsgate

Fish Market.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Billingsgate

Fish'Mtfrkett

nW.III. 19' — to* Aprilis.65$

jRefohcd, That the Number of the Cortmiffioriers for Sir Fran. Child, Mr. England, Sir BowiGwyn, Sir taking an Adooant of the forfeited Estates in Ifeltmd be liam Forester, Mr. Nicholson, Sir John Bolls, Sir Thomas Seven. Daoall; or ahy Five of them.

Refolded, That no Member of this House be a Commkfiener. An ingrossed Bill for raising the Militia for this Year, Ravfing

Ordered, That the Members of the House do, by To- although the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not Militia* morrow, Twelve a Clock, prepare Lists of Seven Persons repaid, was read the Third time.

Names, to be put into Glasses, to be elected Commit*- Refo That the Bill do pass: And that the Title doners, by way of Ballotting. be, An Act for raising the Militia of this Kingdom, for the Year One thousand Six hundred Ninety-nine, al- Mr. Bertie reported to the House, That he having, though the Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not according to their Order, been at the Lords, to dtefire a repaid.

Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference To- Ordered, That Mr. Bridges do carry the BilL to the morrow, at One a Clock) in the Painted Chamber. Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Brooklyn and Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Meffensers withdrew'.

O

A Petition of Sir Francis Child and George Jackson was presented to the House:

And the same relating to Sir John Williams, a Member of this House; wiio not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir John Williams do attend, in his Place, upon Friday Morning next: And that the Petition be then read.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Amendments made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish:

And the feme being read, are as follow; viz.

1 9b. 2> L. for " Twentieth Day of April? read " Tenth l>ay of May

38- L. for " Twentieth Day of April? read " Tenth Day of May

2 Sk. 9 L. after " direct;" add " according to the " Right of the respective Persons' intitled thereunto

3 Sk. 18 L. for "Twentieth Day of April? read " Tenth Day of May

39 L. for " Twentieth Day of ApnT? read " Tenth Day of May:"

4Sk. 4 L. tot "Twentieth Day of April? read " Tenth Day of* May

13 L. for Twentieth Day of April? read1 " Tenth Day of May

- 28 L. for " Twentieth Day of April? read

" Tenth Day of May At the End of the Bill, add Clause A:

A: " Provided always, That nothing in this Act contained shall be construed to take away any ancient Duty " of Cod and Ling, payable to the Kings of this Realm, " for the Service of their Houftiold, by such Merchants " as Trade to Westmoney and but that the fame

" may betaken by his Majesty's Officers, in such manner as the same hath been lawfully used to be taken " before the Making of this Act."

The laid Amendments to Clause A, being fever&lly read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause A being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matterrf the said Amendment

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Realbns, to be offered at the said Conference:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Sir Wm. Ashurst, Mr: Camper, Mr. Butler, Sir Samuel Bemardiston, Mr. Pultney, Sir Robert Daoers, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Henley, Mr. Boyle, Mr. BrotherUm, Mr. Desbovery, Mr. Moor, Vol. XII.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Frantclyri an(i Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have paired a Bill, intituled, An Act for felling divers Freehold and Leasehold Houses, the Estate of Thomas Cones lade, an Infant, and others, to daicharge h Mortgage; and to purchase other Lands, to he settled to the like Uses: To which they desire the Cormcvirrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled -An Act to enable John Young, Gentleman, to fell Lands* !V>r Payment of Debts and legacies, without any Amond And then the Messengers withdrew. Amen«J

Cowflude'i

Estate.

V oung'a EttaU-.

lhe House, according to Order, resolvprl

Committee of the whole House, to consider f. . 0

S$yMea"S tl,e SupP‘> - -

Mr. Speaker left' the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair

Mr. Couper reported from the said CommitThat they had come to a Resolution; which they had «_lirested him to report!, when the House will please to ve the fame.

Ordered, That the Report be made To morroiv Morning.

Way* and Mean*

Ordered, That no Committee do meet at emy time Committm. until Two Horn's after the Kism<» of the House.

CD

Ordered, That all Committees be revived.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning', Eight a Clock.

Jovisy 20* die Aprilis;

LTndecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

AN iBgrofied Bill, from the Lords, intituled, -An Cowlfade* Act for felling- divers Freehold and leasehold te"*

Houses, the Estate of Thomas Cow&lade, an Infaftt, and others, to dil'charge a Mortgage, and to phrehafe ot:h»et Lands, to be settled to the same Uses, was read the JPfrff time.

Re/ohxd, That the Bill be read a Second time.

A Petition of William Salter and diaries Robert Jon was p

presented to the Iloule, and read; setting forth, That, being Officers of the Customs, they did seize the Ship *r*tig£j0f called the King William, and brought an Information in on‘

the Exchequer; wnichis not yet heard: That, by the JB now depending, to indemnify several Ships and Goods from aR Penalties and Forfeitures, by reason they were not navigated according to the Act of Navigation, the Petitioners are appreh'enfive, that the East India Company

intend to get the said Ship, and her Cargo, included in /

the said Bill: And praying to be heard as to the said */,

Ship Kins William, before the said Bill do pass. 'll

8 D Ordered,

ClOCK^l

Bridgnorth

Writ.

Sivery's

Fire-engine

Claims for Prizes.

Scott's

Estate,

Half-Pay.

Ease of Sheriffs.

Army

Arrears.

654 '2.0* April;

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition, be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is, committed: And that the Petitioners be heard before the said Committee thereupon.

Ordered, That Mr. Speaker do issue his Warrant to the Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Burgess to serve in this present Parliament for the Borough of Bridgnorthin the County of Salop, in the room of Sir William Whitmore Baronet, deceased.

Ordered, That Lord Pawlet be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the Encouragement of a new Invention, by Thomas Saoery, for railing Water, and occasioning Motion to all Sorts of Mill-work, by the Impellent Force of Fire, was committed.

Ordered, That Sir Char. Hedges be added to the Committee, to whom the Petition of John John Stan-

ton, and James Rogers, is referred.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An A to enable Trustees to fell Part of the Estate of George Scott Esquire, to pay his Debts, and raise Portions for his Brothers and Sifter; and to settle other Part of his Estate; w as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do paso.

Ordered, That Mr. Carteret do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

A Petition of Eduard Harris, late Captain in the Regiment late under the Command of his Highness Prince George of Denmark, was presented to the House, and read; letting forth. That he hath been in the Service of the Government Six-and-thirty Years, and is of great Age, and infirm, and hath a Wife and Eight Children, and reduced to great Necessities: And praying he may be one of the Number of those Officers that are to receive Half-Pay.

Ordered, That the said Captain Harris be added to the Lift of such Officers as are to have Half-Pay.

Ordered, That Sir H. Goff, Sir Godfrey Copley be added to the Committee, to whom the Bill for the greater Ease of Sheriffs in Execution of their Offices, and raffing their Accounts, is committed.

A Petition of Richard Utkwat and Thomas Moor was presented to the House, and read; setting forth. That they have been employed as Commissaries of the Musters, during the War abroad in Flanders; and, upon the Return of the: Troops from thence, were ordered to do their Duty here; and have been atconsiderable Expences in attending the General Officers that were appointed to disband Part of the Forces last Year: And praying the y may be paid as far as the General Officers of the Army shall be paid.

Ordered, That the said Richard Uthwat and Thomas Moor be paid as far as the General Officers shalt be paid.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Confirming of a Grant and Settlement, made by William Foster Esquire, of divers Manors and Lands in the County Palatine of Durham, and County of Northumberland, to Thomas Lord Fairfax, and otters, upon certain Trusts and Uses therein mentioned, w-as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pais.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Eden do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for vesting the real Estate late of Thomas Lafcells Esquire, in Trustees, to be sold, for Payment of his Debts, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Sir William do carry the Bill to

the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

A Petition of Captain John Fiiz-Gerald was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That he, in Obedience to his Majesty's Royal Proclamation, quitted the late King's Service, and brought over the major Part of his Troop, and joined with his Majesty's Army, on the First Day of April 1691: And praying, in Consideration of his Services, and he being a younger Brother, and1 having no Subsistence but Half-Pay, which he hath had a considerable time, but is greatly in Arrear, he may be paid his Arrears, and continued in Half-Pay, with the rest of the Officers.

Ordered, That the said Captain Fttz-Gerald be added to the Lift of the Officers who are to have Half-Pay.

Sir George Rook, from the Commissioners of the Admiralty, presented to the House, according to Order, a List of the Officers of the Four new Marine Regiments:

The Titles whereof were read:

And the said Lift is as followeth; viz.

A LIST of the Officers belonging to his Majesty's Marine Regiment, commanded by Colonel -Henry Mordant.

Field-Officers, and Captains.

Colonel Henry Mordant Lieutenant-Colonel Jof. Johnson Major Edw. Norton Captain Lewis Mordant Richard Pye Const. Ligneir Fran. Ruffan Edward Woodcock Nich. de la Noe Hugh Deane John Brewerton Samuel Fofter Tho. Somner

lft Lieutenants.

Mich. Benedict, Captain-Lieutenant

Theoph. Duchefne

James de la Boullage

Thomas Wiltshire

George Ford

John Woodcock

Fran. Fowlkes

Des Cloufeaux

Lewis Rivall

De Blair

John Sait

Geo. Fowlkes

Obadiah Moor

2d Lieutenants.

Henry Nicholls

John White

Charles Ilarwick

Paul Dahcour

John Jewet',

Oliver Hetherington

Henry Mordant # #

John Maynard Sam. Fofter Charles Mordant Geo. Patriach*

Ch. Mordaunt

Lewis du Pleffey, Quarter-master.

A LIST

Fofter's

Estate.

Lafcell'a

Estate.

Half-Pay.

Marina

Officer!.

Army

Arrears.

11W. III. ao* Aprilis. 655

A LIST of the Officers in his Majesty's Raiment of Marines, commanded by Colonel Thomas Brudcnall.

Field-Officers, and Captains.

Colonel Thomas Brudenall Lieutenant-Colonel John Hobbord Major Jof. Stopford Captain Ellis Cooper Wm. Spragg Gilbert Symonds Benj. Bennett St John Webb James Plunket John Phillips Charles Williams John Harnage Robert Hill

ift Lieutenants.

Captain-Lieutenant Ed.

Charles Stephens

Wm. Sanderson

Humphry Lazy

Richard Allison

John Wayte

Joseph Butler

Henry Killegrew

Wm. Browne

John Daws /

Ruben Callew'

Thomas Willon Robert Byng

Weaver

2d Lieutenants.

Edward Harris Walter Dougharty John Anderson Henry Phillips Charles Burton Robert Austen Lewis Billingsly Geo. Howard James Mallory John Patillour Giles Stevens Thomas M iles Griffin Vaughan Ralph Hastam, Quarter-matter and Adjutant

A LIST of the Officers of his Majesty's Marine Regiment, commanded by Colonel Seymour.

Field-Officers, and Captains.

Colonel Wm. Seymour

John Newton, Lieutenant-Colonel

Wm. Pornale, Major

Cafper Dennis

Alexander Hamilton

John le Hunt

Henry Folleville

Lefly Finch

John Gilbert

Wm. Helmefly

William Biflett

Abrah. Delivron

Nicholas Lichere

lft Lieutenants.

John Hutton, Captain-Lieutenant

Paul Cradock

Henry Dale

Richard Harnaker

Fran. Scott

Will. Lauder

Thomas Crafford

Will. Walcott

Will. Parker

Win wood Masham

John Hill

John Finch

Richard Collam

2d Lieutenants.

Ja. Dejoy, 2d Lieutenant Sam. Grahames Thomas Willis Janies Ntoore Cutts Hasten John Whitehall Sam. Bell Will. Adams T ho. Sutton Deter Colbourne Will. Armorer Tho. Hooper Ifaae Kwar

John Web Quarter-master.

A LIST of the Officers in his Majesty's Regiment of Marines, commanded by Colonel Colt.

Captains. 1 ft Lieutenants. 1 2d Lieutenants.

Colonel Edward Dutton Colt James Paynter } I Wm. Charnell

Lieutenant-Colonel Tho. Rabefnier John Stennett \ George Oliver

Major Hen. Grove Peter Regnaud ft r? 1 Sir Wm. IVfanfell, baronet

Captain Wm. Abrahall Nicholas Cooke \ William Befbeech

John Philip Goodwyn Geo. Dutton Colt George Grymes John Cafwell I r. Richard Cole jGrenadiers \ Peter Hall

Richard Cobham Alex. Forfter \ Robert Smith

Robert Swift Robert Innis I Lewis D' Boy

John Thompson Lewis D' Sediere Wm. Whitaker \ Robert Pargiter

John Baraton 1 Francis Otway

Charles Derham William Codd 1 J ohn "W ogenfumer

Ant. Stoughton Peter Warrigrton \ Henry Rainsford

Oliver D' Harcourt Alex. Mackraw 1 Richard Stroughall , 1 Quarter-master,

Ordered, That the said Lift do lie upon the Table, until the House do take into Consideration the Matter of the Half-Pay to the Officers.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Officers belonging to the Train' of Artillery was referred, be made upon Monday Morning next.

Billingsgate Sir Thomas Davall reported from the Committee, to Fish Market. whom it was referred to draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, for disagreeing to an Amendment, made by them, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish, That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly > which they had directed him to report to the Hou/e which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read z and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Voju XII.

The Commons cannot agree to the Lords Amendment, Clause A:

For that the Demand of Cod and Ling, therein mentioned, is a. very great Discouragement to the Fishery, and controverted by the Persons trading to Westmonyai\d I [eland: And this Amendment, if it pa/s into 8

Law, would give too much Countenance to /iich a Demand, and be consequently dire contrary to the Intent of the Bill» which is not only to make the Market - J

of Billingsgate a free Market, but also for the Encouragement of FHheiy, and Fishermen.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Dtrvalldo go to the Lords,

and desire the said Conference.

An ingrossTed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bernardeau'i, for naturalizing Samuel Bernardeau, des &c-

Gaudre, and others, private Gentlemen, bejonging to his Majesty s'Three Troops of Guards, and Grenadiers, was read the First time:

And

i1

I 1.

ao° Aprils.

And the Question being put, That the Bill be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,[^|^wto' ] . 47.

Tellers for U, } 89.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That the Bill be read a Second time upon Saturday next, at Twelve a Clock.

Ways Mr. Cawper, according to Order, reported from the

and Means. Committee of the whole House, to w hom it w as referred to consider further of Ways and Means for raising the Supply to be granted to his Majesty, the Resolution, which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same w as read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the late Act for making good the Deficiencies of several Funds be explained; so that therp be payable for all the Duties of Excite on single Brandy, no more than Three Shillings Eight-pence per Gallon; and proportionably for all double Brandy.

The laid Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the late Act for making good the Deficiencies of feverel Funds be explained; so that there be payable for all the Duties of Excise on single Brandy, no more than Three Shillings Eight-pence per Gallon; and proportionably for all double Brandy.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to Mr. Cemper and Mr. Lowndes, who are to prepare, and bring in, a Bill, or Bills, upon the former Resolutions of the said Committee, which were agreed unto by the House, That they do include therein the Matter of the said Resolution.

Making Resolved, That this House will, upon Tuesday Morn-Militia mor* }ng next, resolve ilself into a Committee of the whole useful, House, to consider of the Bill for making the Militia of this Kingdom more useful.

Commission- Glasses bping, according to Order, brought in, for the trt for irish Members to put in their Lists of Names of Persons to Forfeitures, be Commissioners for taking an Account of the forfeited Estates in Ireland; the Clerk, and Clerk-Assistant, went with the fame, on each Side the House, to receive the a id Lifts:

And, the Members having put in their Lifts, the Glasses were brought to the Table.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to withdraw into the Speaker's Cfyunbprs, and; examine the said Lifts; and report to the Hqufe upon which Seven Persons the Majority falls:

And it is refessed to Colonel (frqnville, Mr. Heven-inghdm, Mr. Hdmond, Mr. Berti Lord Mr.

Slqqp, Sir Robert Austen, Sir Fran. Blaake, Mr. Coolce, Mr. Lmvther, Sir Thomas Alston, Mr. Boyle, Mr. Dormer, Sir Richard Cocks, Mr. Mr.

Sir John Bolls, Mr.. Roomy, Lord Mr. Moor,

Sir Tho. Grosvenor, Sir Barth. Shower, Sir Richard Onslow, Mr. Herbert, to examine the said Lifts.

Blackwell- Ordered, That the Committee, who are appointed tp hall Market draw up Reasons, to be offered at a Conference with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for, the making more effectual an Act, intituled, An Act to restore the Market at Blackwell-hall to the Clothiers; and for regulating the Factors there; do manage the said Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference:

And, being returned;

Mr. Bertie reported from the Conference, That they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to One of the said Amendments; and had left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

Sir Thomas Davall reported to the House, That he Lords agree having, according to their Order, been at the Lords, to to a Confer-desire a Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference ence* To-mprrow at One a Clock, in tire Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee of Malmlbury Privileges and Elections, touching the Election for the Election. Borough of Malmesbury, be made Tomorrow at Twelve a Clock; and nothing to intervene.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and Doctor Newton:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for the puitney's enabling the surviving Trustees of Sir William Pultney Estate. Knight, deceased, to make Leases for raising Monies for Payment of his Son William Pultneys Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Aldworth'a to enable Robert Aid-worth, and Ann his Wife, to fell Estate< their Estate in or near Wantage, in the County of Berks, for raising 3001, for Payment of his Debts; and for applying the Residue of the Money arising by the Sale for the purchasing feme other Estate, for the lole Benefit of his Wife and Children; without any Amendment.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Saturday Morn- Half-pay ing next, take into Consideration foe Matter of the Half- Officers. Pay to be given to the Officers of the Army.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pulteney's for the enabling the surviving Trustees of Sir William Estate. Pulteney Knight, deceased, to make Leases, for the raising Monies for Payment of his Son William Pulteney's Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Byde's to enable Thomas Byde Esquire, an Infant, with the Con- ^ltate* font of his Guardians, and next Relations, to make a Contraft for the Buying-in of his Mother's Jointure; and to fell a small Estate in Great Arrewell, in the County of Hertford-, and likewise for the securing and raising a Portion for Barbara Byde, Sifter of the said Thomas Byde; and for other Purposes in the said Act mentioned; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bridges' for the' veiling and settling the Estate of Atm Bridges, an Estate. Infant, in Bermudas, alias the Sommer-Islands, in Atm* rica, in and upon Trustees, to be sold; and laying out the Money arising by such Sale in England, for the Uieqf the said Ann. Bridges ', was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed., to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they 1 define their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossgd Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Leeke's to enable Katherine Leeke, an Infant, under the Age of Estate. One-and-twenty Years, to settle and'dispose of her Estate, upon her. Marriage, was. read a Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered,

II W. III.

20° — 21

Aprtlis.

<$57

Okeover'i

fclUto.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the for veiling certain Lands of Sir Thomas Baronet, Selyanfs

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed in the County of Kent, in to be sold, for the Matt,

to the lame, without any Amendments. Payment of his Sifters Portions charged therewith, was

read the Third time.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act R That the Bill pa fs. to enable Thomas Okeover Gentleman, Son and Heir-dp- Ordered, That Mr. Campion do carry the Bill to the

parent of Rowland Okeover, of Okeover, in the County Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed

of Stafford, Esquire, together with the said Rowland to the lame, without any Amendments.

Okeover, to make a Jointure and Settlement upon the Marriage of the said Thomas was read the Third

time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

A Petition of the Mayor, Gentlemen, and Clergy, of Suppressing the Borough <jf Leicester, was presented to the House, L°"erie». and read; letting forth, That the Petitioners have carried

Army

Amir*

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the on a Lottery, called The Charitable Adventure, or 500 /. Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed for Two Pence, with Intention to lay out Five hundred to the fame, without any Amendment - Pounds in the Erecting of a Work-house, for Maintenance

of the poor Inhabitants: And praying the said Charitable

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Adventure may. . excepted out of the Bill for suppref* whom the Petition of the Soldiers of Colonel ViHers'ling the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries.

Regiment was referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Resolved, That the said Petition be rejected.

Prosecutions on Highway Ad.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Waggoners was referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

A Motition being made, and the Question being put. That# — a r»__________r

Committee*. Ordered, That all Committees, except the Committee for examining the Lift, be adjourned.

Hanby and John Dash do attend this House To' morrow Morning, in relation to Mr. Chivers;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,-f^5r* Spencer,

I Mr. Campion:

Tellers for the Noes,/Thomas Davall, 1

_ . _ , . , IMr. J

bo it passed in the Negative

A Person to attend.

55-

Sir Godfrey Copley renorted from the Committee, to Officer* and whom the Bill to enable^such Officers, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, to exercise Trades, Tradei. was committed. That they had agreed upon Two Clauses, to be added to the Bill, pursuant to Orders of the House;

Zhirh him to report to ^eHouse;

---

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 21° die Aprilis;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

[Poor Laws.]

A PETITION of the Churchwardens, Overseers of the Poor, and several Inhabitants, of the Parish of St. George the Martyr, in the Borough of Southwark, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they have these several Prisons following in their Parish, the Admiralty, Marshalsea, County-Gaol for Felons, and Bridewell; by reason whereof they are extremely burdened with Poor: And praying some Provision may be made in the Bill, now before the House, relating to the Poor, to prevent the same.

Ordered, That the Confederation of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

[Suppressing Lotteries.]

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause for permitting the Royal Oak Lottery, during the Remainder of the Term, on the present Grant thereof only.

[Ditto.]

---

at the Clerk's

twice read; and, with Amendments made thereunto by the House, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to the House, with Blanks, to be added to the Bill, touching Arrests:

And the same wets twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill:

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrafted.

Mr. Lowndes, according to Order, presented to the 1

House a Bill for laying a Duty on Paper, Parchment, PapJer> &c. Vellom, and Eacteboard: And the same was received.

Ditto.

A Petition of the Undertakers and Trustees for the Management of the Charitable Adventure, for the Benefit of Greemcich Hospital, in behalf of the poor disabled Sea-

Mr.

Harcortr-t reported from the Committ^ to whcm it was appointed to examine the Lists of the Forfeitures.

Names to be Commissioners for taking an Account the forfeited Estates in Ireland) and report upon which

men, Widows, Orphans, See. appointed by a late Act of c reiiea xi, imtes ii . 1 c , \ they

Parliament, ,o be provided loZ he Charge of the said Perforas the Mojorry tf.

Hospital, rvas presented to the House, and read; setting aecorcltngly, and that the Jorr'p

-6 the Persons following;

forth, That the Petitioners have demonstrated to the Arch-bishop of Canterbury, Lord Chancellor, and divers others, how beneficial the Charitable Adventure, for the Benefit of Greenwich Hospital, now on foot, would be.. . railing near 10,000l. per Annum, they all of them approve of the lame: And praying a Clause may be admitted in the Bill to suppress the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, to except the Charitable Adventure for the Benefit of the said Hospital.

Ordered, That the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed, have Power to receive a Clause, to

xnz.

Fran. of the Inner Temple, London,\ Esquire - - " */

Henry Earl of Drogheda, in the Kingdom of] Ireland — - - " ~ J

John Trenchard, of the Inner Temple, London,]

220

the said Adventure out of the said Bill.

Esquire

James Hamilton, of of the

of Dawn, in Ireland, Esquire Henry Langford, of Dublin, Esquire Sir Richard Leoing, of Dublin, Knight Sir Francis Brewster, of Dublin, Knight

208

Coan,yJ ,5S

- 136.

- 127 122

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled VoL XII,

An Act;

Then the Blank, in the Clause for nominating the Commissioners, was filled up with the said Names:

8 E And

£§8 31* — 23

Supply BUI; Awdtfa Cfopfe ww, upe» the Oyeftiort put thereupon, Land Tax. agreed unto by the House to-be made Part of the Bill.

Another Cfeyfe wui pffeced to the House, with Blanks, to be made Part of the Bill, for Receivers to pay Interest;

Aud the same ww twice read; and the Blanks (Hied up:

And then the Clause was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, That in case the Receivers did npt pay the Money in due time they should be disabled from being Receivers:

And the same was read the First time; and, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Another Clause w&9 offered to the House, with Blanks, to be made Part of the Bill, for Receivers to procure their Quietuses by a certain time:

And the feme was twice read: and the Blanks filled up; and other Amendments made by the House to the Clause:

And then the Clause was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the' Bill, touching the Rates in Lincolnshire:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, touching the Mint:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be . received;

It passed in the Negative.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be

iogrossed.

Billingsgate Ordered, That die Committee, who drew up the Rea" sith Market fens, to be offered to the Lords at a Conference, for difegreeipg to Oae of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish, do manage the said Conference.

Then the Managers went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Sir Thomas Davall reported, from the Conference, That they had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reafops for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and left the Bill, and the Amendments, with the Lords.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John

and Sir Richard Hdfoi'd:

Mr. Speaker,

CloriW, The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for l»e, Nat. naturalizing Augustine ClarihuS, and others: To which they define tire Concurrence of this House. Alio,

Sedge more The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act

Drainage, for opening the apquent and making, any dew, Roynes and Waforcourses, in and near Scdgmord, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, with fbme Amend* ments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Allb,

Liverpool* The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Parish. to enable the Town of Liverpool, in the County Palatine of Lancaster, to build a Church, and endow the fame; and for making the said Town, and Liberties thereof, a Parifo of itself, distinct from Walton; without any Amendments:

Forfter'f And also have agreed to the Amendment, made by Eilat*. foil House, to a Bill, intituled, An Act for the Confirming of a Grant and Settlement, made by William Forster piquire, of divers Manors and Lands in foe County Painting of Durham, and County of Northumberland, to

20

AprilfS. A. 1699,

Themes Lord fairfet, and others, upon certain Trusts and Uses foe«so mentioned,

And then foe Mefiengere withdrew.

Qrdired, That the Report, touching the Election for Malme&uiy, the Borough of Malmesbury, be made upon Monday E,€<au,u-Morning next.

A Bill for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Supply Bill-Vellom, and Pastebpard, was read live First time. Duty on

Resolved, That foe Bill be read a Second time, To-r I>aPer» &c* morrow Morning.

Ordered, That t>ir John Williams do attend in his Place Privilege of upon Monday Moruing next; and that the Petition re- a Member lating to him be then read. ,n a Suit*

Ordered, That the Bill to indemnify the Captains of Penaltie* oq his Majesty's Ships from such Penalties and Disabilities as have been inflicted upon them, upon Pretence of Em- prue$. bezzlements of Goods, taken as Prizes, be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees be revived, Committ »

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 22* die Aprilis;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters. t

C\RDERED, ThatMr. Speaker do issue his Warrant Devon Wria to foe Clerk of the Crown, to make out a new Writ, for the electing a Knight to serve in this present Parliament for the County of Devon, in the room of Francis Courtney Esquire, deceased.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Poultney'* for the enabling the surviving Trustees of Sir William Estate* Poultney Knight, deceased, to make.Leases for the railing Monies for Payment of his Son William Debts,

and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Lowther, Mr. Cholmondley, Sir Cha.Sidley, Mr.

Mr. Thursby, Colonel Osborne, Sir Robert Nappier, Mr.

Harley, Dr. Davenant, Mr. Hammond, Mr. Moor, Mr.

Fortescue, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Morgan, Mr.

Sir Theoph. Oglethorp, Mr. Offley, Sir Richard Colonel Godfrey: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in foe Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of Sir Goddard Nelthrop Baronet was pre- Ditto, fented to the House, and read; setting forth, That if the aforesaid Bill iliould pass into a Law, as now it stands before this House, he is advised it will be prejudicial to his Right, in Part of the Houses and Lands therein comprised: And praying be may be heard, by his Counsel, touching his Right and Interest in foe said Houses and Lands.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee, to whom the said Bill is committed; and that the Petitioner be heard before the Committee thereupon.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act WrayfonT* to enable William Wrayford Gentleman, and Dailie Anne Eftat*. Rich Widow, to make JLeafes of Houses and Grounds in Covent-Garden, late foe Estate of John Athy Citizen and Haberdasher of London, was read a Second lime.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Moor,

Mr. Mountague, Sir Rob.Nap/jicr, Mr. Mr. Sco-

bell, Mr. Bartie, Ixird IVm. Paulet, Mr. Freeman, Sir Theop. Oglethorpe, Mr. Hayes, Mr. Mounstevens, Air.

Osborne,

LnnJim;ton, &c. Muiiui*.

Penalties under of Navigation.

Petition re*

lating to a Member.

Apprehending Felons.

Abuses in King's Bench and Fleet Prisons.

Ships Hawk and Rainbow.

Ship Hope.

II W.III. 22" Jprilis. 659

Osborne, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Perry, Mr. , Mr.

Thursby, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Hughes, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Hancock, Mr. Yates, Sir Samuel Bemardiston, Sir Rickard Barrington, Mr. Blofeild, Colonel Kirkby, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Hoar, Mr. England: And they are to meet this Afternoon, in the Speaker's Chamber, at Five of the Clock.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Sale of the Manor of Lor alias Lurtington, and Whitwey, and divers Lands in the County of i and for laying out 5,000l. in purchasing other Lands, to be settled in lieu thereof; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Ogle do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lord ships Concurrence.

they had examined the fame, and found the Allegations thereof to be true; and bad directed him to report the same to the House without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the Bill be ingrossed.

Mr. Dormer reported from the Committee, to whom Westlyd*. the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the enabling Cyriac Westlyd Esquire to fell some Part of his Estate, which, by Articles upon his Marriage, was agreed to be settled upon his Wife and Children; and for1 the Settling of other Part of his Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses; was committed; That they had examined the lame, and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that all the Parties concerned had given their Contents thereunto; and that the Committee had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the feine ® at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Moor reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to discharge several Ships from the Penalties of the Act of Navigation, who, by reason of their Men being pressed at Sea, into his Majesty s Service during the late War, were disabled from performing their Voyages, according to the Directions of the said Act, was committed, That they had examined the same; and had heard the Petitioners, upon the Petition to them referred, touching the Ship King William; and had inserted in the Two Ships; viz. the Ships King William and Charles the Second, from the East-Iridies; and made other Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which be read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

A Petition of Sir Richard Bulkley Baronet, and Dame Lucy his Wife, was presented to the House.

And the same relating to Sir Henry Pickering, a Member of this House; who not being in the House;

Ordered, That Sir Henry Pickering do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next; and that the Petition be then read.

Mr. Brotherton reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing of Felons that commit Burglary and House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, was re-committed, That they had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report be taken into Coofider-ation upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom it was referred to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prisons of the King's Bench and Fleet, be made upon Monday Morning.

Mr. Stringer reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for the Ships Hawk and Rainbow to trade as Ships, was committed, That they had examined the fame, and found the Allegations therein to be true; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. White reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill to enable the Ship Hope, of gneat Length, and very serviceable for bringing Masts into this Kingdom, to trade as an English-built Ship, was committed, Thffc

Vet. XII.

Mr. Hoar reported from the Committee, to whom it Privilege — was referred to examine the M atter of a Complaint to Libellous the House, by Sir Robert Cotton and Sir Thomas Furcation. land, Poftnt&fter-General, of a printed Paper, delivered at the Door of this House, intituled, " The same of John " Woodgate, late Postmaster of Canterburygreatly re-Hefting upon them for what they have done in their Office;

That they had examined the Matter accordingly; and had directed him to report the same to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table: Where the same was read; and is ai followeth,

viz.

That Mr. Woodgate appeared, and owned the printed Paper, delivered in at the Door of the House of Commons, to be his Cafe; and that he caused the same to be printed, and delivered accordingly: And desiring time to make good the Contents thereof; it was allowed him r At which time, appearing, said;

That waiting on the Postmasters-General, they told him, If they liad been guilty of what he charged them with, they were not worthy to serve the King; and if not, he was not fit to serve them:

That as to the Title of his Cafe, wherein he complains he was turned out of his Place for discovering Smugglers, and a Correspondence with France, during the late War, he could not make it out; but said, He was turned out of his Place, and presumed it warn for that Realbn:

That he then said, That by virtue of an Order he received from the Postmasters-General, to give an Account by what Conveyance the Flanders Mail came over, that he received at Canterbury, he acquainted them. That there were several Boats kept at Dover, which used to go out from thence empty, and take in Wool at Romney Marsh, and carry the feme to feme Port in France; and then go from thence to Newport, where the Postmasters gave them some Flanders Mails, which they brought over with them to feme Port in England; and that one Joseph Pen-sacks, Matter of a Shallop si Dover, can give a more particular Account: Whereupon he received a Second Letter from the Postmasters-General, wherein they acquainted him. They had laid his Letter before the Secretary of State, end, by his Order, directed him to fend the said Pensacks up to Town, and give him Two Guineas to bear his Charges; which be accordingly did.

He further alledged. That he was feed for Money received by a Person approved of by the Postmasters-General.

That he then produced his Witnesses:

Mr. Eccles: Who said, Mr. Woodgate having employed him as his Solicitor, he went with him, about a Month or Three Weeks since, to the Pott-Office, to settle his Accounts; and that the Postmasters-General did allow him all the Liberty he desired in inspecting the Books of the Office; but, finding it necessary, that one y the Per-£m employed to receive the Letters at should

come

1

iy

66b 226 Aprilis. . A. 1699.

Privilege — come up to Town, he was Tent for; and accordingly Libellous came; but Mr. Woodgate himself took his Papers out of

u ication. ys Han^s> and would not let him settle the Accounts.

Mr. Everude said, That he had likewise been employed by Air. Woodgate to adjust his Accounts with the Office; and, coming the re, had the Liberty to inspect the Books; was told, That if it appeared Mr. Fenner had any of Mr. Woodgate s Money in his Hands, Mr. Woodgate, having his Bond for it, ought to put it in Suit.

Mr. Blackhtdl said, That he had, some time fmce, received several Papers from Mr. Woodgate, and was at the Expence of getting them transcribed; and laid the Copies before the then Lords Justices; and afterwards delivered the original Papers to the said Mr. Woodgate.

That it was allowed on the othet* Side, by the Post-masters-General, That they did direct-the said Woodgate to make Inquiry, by what Conveyance the Flanders Mail came over that he received at Canterbury; and that, upon his Answer, which they laid before the Secretary of State, ordered him to fend the said Pensacks up to Town, and give him Two Guineas to bear his Charges; and did afterwards allow Woodgate the said Sum in his Accounts:

That, upon Pensacks coming to Town, they immediately went with him to the Secretary of State; to whom, they supposed, he gave such Informations as were within his Knowledge; but theyi having no Power either to fend for any Person, or so much as to administer an Oath, could not do any thing more than what they did: That they did encourage the said Pensacks in making what Dif-coveries he could; and were likewise themselves at some Charges in contributing towards the Expences of the said Pensacks while he w as in Town:

That as to the discouraging the said Woodgate, for any Informations they had given them, the contrary appeared very plainly: And he himself o^vned he had received a Letter from them, to thank him for what he had done: But, he running in Arrearto his Majesty, they frequently pressed him to make punctual Payments; but finding he still run further behind-hand, they threatened to put his Bond in Suit; whereupon he petitioned the Lords of the Treasury, That, in Gonsideration of his Affection and good Services to the Government, and that his Salary was too small for the Work he was obliged to perform, they would be plealed to remit some Part of the Debt due to his Majesty; which Petition was referred to the Postmasters-General; and they reported so much in his Favour, that the Lords of the Treasury did remit Part of the Debt, upon his paying the Remainder; but, he being in low Circumstances, the Postmasters-General did not think fit to intrust him with the receiving any more of the Kings Money; though, at the same time, they were disposed to comply with any Expedient that could be proposed, whereby he might enjoy his Place, and the King run no Hazard; and, in order thereunto, did, in Consideration to the said Woodgate, agree, That one Fenner, and his Son, should be Security for the said Woodgate, receive the Letters, and pay the Money into the Office, from time to time, as it became due; and should ouly be allowed 201. per Annum for his Pains; which was the same Sum that Woodgate constantly paid a Man that distributed the Letters in the City of Canterbury; and that Woodgate ftiouid enjoy the rest of the Salary, for Riding-work belonging to that Stage.

Fenner, and his Son, accordingly, gave Security; and received the Letters, and made punctual Payments for the fame, till about May or June 1696, w hen Woodgate having Opportunity of paying clipped Money into the Office, did pay such a Sum, as, with the Monies paid by Fenner, and what was remitted him by the Lords of the Treasury, did balance his Accounts till the 4th of May 1696; notwithstanding which, the Post-inafters-General, knowing him to be poor, and apprehending, that if he should again be concerned in receiving the Money, he would run into a new Debt, were desirous Fenner should still continue to keep the Letter-Office; but Mr. Woodgate, the latter-end of September,

did seizethe Letters, and receive the Money due for the fame; and though, upon Complaint made to them of his Proceedings, they had directed him to do so no more, he still continued to do it; and, fearing he should be turned out for what he had done, made a Complaint against them; which not being fully heard till April, he, himself receiving the Money due for Letters all that lime, became indebted to the Office 166/. for which he hath since been sued; and, his Complaint being altogether w ithout Ground, was turned out of his Place.

Mr. Manly said, That, in May 1695, he was sent to Canterbury, to inquire into the Circumstances of Woodgate, and secured the Money then due from him to the King; and that he had Directions from the Postmasters-General,

That if he could possibly do it without the Ruin of the said Woodgate, he should shew all reasonable Favour to him: That, accordingly, he went down; and, when he came to Canterbury, he consulted with Woodgate's Friends; who all agreed, The only way to preserve him, was by appointing a Third Person to receive the Money, and let JVodgate enjoy the Benefit of the Salary, as Riding Post-master: That he made this Proposal to the Postmasters-General, who approved of it; and accordingly he settled the Office there; and that it was done purely in Kindness ti/ Woodgate:

That he afterwards happened to be in Kent, in 1696, upon some Custom-house Business, received a Letter from the Postmasters-General; wherein they acquainted him,

Woodgate had seized the Mail, contrary to their directions; and ordered him to go over to Canterbury, and take care the same should, from that time, be delivered to Mr. Fenner, as usual; which he accordingly did, for One Day; but, so soon as he left the said City, Wood-gate seized it again:

That it appeared the Postmasters-General had been so far from discouraging of Woodgate, that they had, from time to time, given him all reasonable Encouragement; and he himself owned, That, upon their Report to the Lords of the Treasury, wherein they represented the Services of the said Woodgate, and his good Afteftions to the Government, their Lordships did remit him 165/.; neither did the said Woodgate produce any Witnesses in the least, to prove, that he was turned out of his Place for discovering Smugglers, and a Correspondence with France, during the late War.

Resolved, That the printed Paper, intituled, The " same of John Woodgate, late Postmaster of Canterbury,* reflecting upon the Postmasters-General, Members of this House, is false, scandalous, and malicious.

It appearing, by the said Report, That John Woodgate had owned the printing the said Paper, and delivered in at the Door of this House.

Ordered, That the said John Woodgate be taken into the Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

A Petition of James Duke of Hamilton, in the King- Petition re-dom of Scotland, and of Elizabeth Duchess of Hamilton, luting to 2 his Wife, was presented to the House; Member.

And the same relating to Sir Edward Hungerford, a Member of this House, w ho not being in the House;

Ordered, That the said Sir Edward Hungerford do attend this House, in his Place, upon Monday Morning next; and that the Petition be then read.

Ordered, That the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, Bei nardeaus, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Samuel Bernardeau, &c. Nat. Peter Chantreau des Gaudrec, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards and Grenadiers, be read a Second time upon Monday Morning next

A Bill for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Supply Bill; Vellom, and Pasteboard, was, according to Order, read Duty on a Second time. Paper, &c.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved,

"by

-1'

Duty on Paper, &c.

Penalties on] Embezzlement of Prizes.

Letters written by a Member reflecting on the House.

Half-pay

Officers.

Supply Bill; Land Tax.

11 W. III. 22° — 240 661

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, relblve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

A Petition of several Paper-makers, in behalf of thein-selves, and others, Owners and Occupiers of Paper-mills, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they are informed a Bill is brought in for laying a Duty of 20 /. per Cent, on all Paper made in England, which they are no ways able to make good by advancing the Sales thereof, it being the most inconsiderable Manufacture of this Kingdom: And praying the said Bill may not pais into a Law.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the said Committee.

be, An Act for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven pence Three Farthings.

Ordered, That Mr. Couper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Ordered, That all Committees, which were appointed Committee*, to meet this Afternoon, be adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

Luncc, 24* di

A Bill to indemify the Captains of his Majesty's Ships from such Penalties and Disabilities as have been inflicted upon them, upon Pretence of Embezzlements of Goods taken as Prizes, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed, upon the Debate of the House.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House;

It passed in the Negative.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Har-court, Mr. Hammond, Mr. C Sir Chr. Mufgroce, Mr Clayton, Major Stringer, Mr. Mounstevens,

Sir John Bolls, Mr . Blofeild, Sir Bryan Stapleton, Colonel Cranford, Sir Waller Young, Mr. Boyle, Lord Ra-nelagh, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr. Kendall, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Bertie, Mr. Vernon: And all that come are to have Voices: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Cloc!;, in the Speaker's Chamber.

The Order for the Attendance of Henry Chivers Esquire, a Member of this House, this Day, being read;

Air. Speaker acquainted the House, That he had received a Letter from him, dated the 18th Instant, that he was indisposed.

And a Debate arising in the House thereupon;

Resolved, That the publishing the Names of the Members of this House, and reflecting upon them, and mif-representing their Proceedings in Parliament, is a Breach of the Privilege of this House, and destructive of the Freedom of Parliament.

A Debate arising upon the A latter contained in the Letters, touching which Air. Chivers was ordered to attend in his Place;

Ordered, That the said Debate be adjourned, until Thursday Morning next: And that the said Mr. Chivers do then attend this House, in his Place.

Resolved, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, at Eleven a Clock, and nothing to intervene, take into Consideration the Alatter of the Half-Pay to the Officers.

An ingrossed Bill for granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four hundred eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pound One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessary Occasions, was read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, for easing the Parish of St. George in Southwark, and the Place called the Mint there, in regard of its being deprived of Inhabitants, by the Act touching Privilege-Places:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

Then several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill; and the Bill amended at the Table, in several Places, accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Titi^ Vol. XII.

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

ANTHONY Kidwell, Cover Vanderburgh, and Abra- Cowflade's ham Vanderburgh, took the Oaths appointed, in Estate. order to their Naturalization.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for felling divers Freehold and Leasehold Houses, the Estate of Thomas Cozvslade, an Infant, and others, to discharge a Alortgage; and to purchase other Lands, to be fetlled to the like Uses; was l ead a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill he committed to Mr. Scobell,

Sir Henry Seymour, Mr. Conyers, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Carter, Mr. Osborne, Mr. Blisse, Mr. Lut-terell, Mr. Blaake, Sir Jo.Cone, Mr. Campion, Mr. Tre-luzvny. Air. Pendarvis, Mr. Freeman, Mr. England, Air.

Hughes, Mr. Brother ton, Mr. TrMr. Eyre, Mr. Rudge, Mr. Harley, Mr. Drake, Mr. Bartie, Lord ryes, Mr . Brereton, Mr. Vincent, Sir Robert Devereur,

Lord Cornbury, Sir JVni. Hustler, Mr. Yates, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Buddy, Mr. Morgan, Sir Robert Nappier, Air.

Hancock: And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Wak«'* to enable Samuel JVake, alias Joneto fell Lands, to pay Estate.

Debts, and to purchase other Lands adjoining to, and formerly Parcel of, his Manor of Waltham, alias Holy-Cross, in the County of Esscj', to be settled to the same Uses, w as read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That

The same was thrice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Au Amendment was proposed to be made in the Title, by leaving out " his," and interring " the," instead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass,

Ordered, That Air. Conyers do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Newfound, whom the Bill for encouraging the Trade to New- land Trade foundland was committed, be made Tomorrow Morning-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to claim* for whom the Petition of Captain Crow was referred, Prize*, relating to Prizes, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Aloming next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Needwood

whom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and Forest

other Inhabitants, who have Right of Eftovers, and Com- RlShts-

8 F mon,

I ! I

i i i

66 % 24 Afr. 1699.

mon, in the Forest and Chace of Needu'ood, in the County of Stafford, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, on behalf of themselves, and others, was referred, be made upon Friday Morning next

Bull'* Estate. Colonel Lee reported from the Committee, to whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act to enable John Bull an Infant, to fell his Lands in Kent, for the Payment of his Debts, and Annuities charged thereon, and for Provision of younger Children, was committed, That they had examined the fame, and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that the Parties concerned had given their Content thereunto, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made One Amendment 10 the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 3. L. 8. after " by," leave out " and with."

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow' Morning.

Ship Hope. An ingrossed Bill to enable the Ship Hope, of great Length, for bringing Masts into this Kingdom, to trade as an English Ship, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable the Ship Hope, of great Length, and very serviceable for bringing M ft* into this Kingdom, to trade as an English - built Ship.

Ordered, That Mr. White do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Forestallers, Mr. Offcy reported, from the Committee, to whom the Ac. of Com. Petition of Robert Barton, M after of a Ship called the

Adventure, was referred, the Matter, as it appealed to the said Committee, which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same ‘ was read; and is as followed); viz.

That the Petitioner was heard, but could not prove any One Allegation contained in the said Petition:

That it appeared to the Committee, That John Lofting, One of the Persons complained of in November last, hired the Ship called the Adventure; and, by Charter party with the said Petitioner, the said Ship was to fail to Falmouth or Plymouth, there to take in Wheat, or other Goods, to carry for Rotterdam, Ostend, or London; but the Petitioner being a long time in his Voyage, and the said John Lifting being otherwise provided, he did assign the Freight to Peter and William who ordered their Factor, George at Plymouth, to

load on board the said Ship 322 Quarters of Wheat; which he accordingly did, and consigned the same to them at London;and was there landed, and put into Granaries:

That the Petitioner Barton was never ordered to go into any Port but London; and Bond was given, by the said George Lapthorn, for so doing:

That the said Corn, ever since the Arrival, has been, from time to time, offered to Sale at the Market at Bear-Key; and the greatest Part thereof is fold.

That as to the Petitioner's Complaint, That he is wrongfully kept in Prison, on purpose to hinder him from giving the House an Account of the ill Practices of the aforesaid Persons;

That it appeared to the Committee to be utterly false; for that the Petitioner is arrested, and now a Prisoner in the Compter, for a just Debt; viz. 301, which he borrowed of one Mr. Book; and also 18/. which he borrowed of George Lapthorn, for which he gave a Note of his Hand, and did promise, on his Arrival at London, to allow out of his Freight; which he after refused to allow, or pay:

That it likewise appeared, That the Persons complained of are Merchants of considerable Substance, and of very good Credit and Reputation.

Resolved, That the Petition of Robert Barton against

John Lofting, Peter Kesterman, Thomas and

Dinah Mason, wherein he accuseth them of forestalling, engrossing, and transporting Corn, is malicious, vexatious, and groundless.

An ingrossed Fill *

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title Penaltiei be, An Act to discharge the Ships King William and "?der Act of Charles the Second, from the Penalties of the Act of Na- avlgat, on‘ vigation.

Ordered, That Mr. Moor do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bernardtau's, to naturalize Samuel Bernardeau, Peter Chantreau des &e" ^at* Gaudre, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards, and Grenadiers, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Morgan,

Lord Hartington, Mr. Carter, Mr , Mr. St. John,

Lord Hyde, Lord Coningsby, Sir B. Lord Fairfax, Mr. Louiher, Mr. Mountague, Mr. Vernon, Mr.

Carteret, Sir Jof.Jekill, Air HexeningAir. Thomp-

Jon, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Campion, Mr. Sir Owen

Buckingham, 'Sir William Ashurst, Mr. Air. Freeke,

Air. Gerrard, Mr. Crawford, Mr. Osborne, Colonel God-fry, Mr. Nicholas, Mr. Cox, Lord Henry,

Lord Paw let, Mr. Philips, Lord Corn bury, Mr. Hughes,

Air Cholmly:And they are to meet this Aftei noon. at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

A Petition of the Bookbinders in and about the City Duty on of London, on behalf of themselves, and divers others, Paper, Ac-of the feme Trade, was presented to the House, and read, setting forth. That the Duty already laid upon Leather is a very great Burden upon their Trade; and should there be a further Duty laid upon Paper, it would so much discourage Printing, that they mutt, for want of Work, be maintained by the Parishes wherein they live:

And praying to be heard before the patting the said Bill.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

A Petition of the Booksellers in and about the Cities Ditto, of London and Westminster was presented to the House, and read; letting forth, That they do understand, by the Votes, that a further Duty is going to be laid on Paper; which highly concerneth them, and their Families: And praying the y may be heard before the passing the fame.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Frauds by whom the Petition of John Russell, and others, relating Agent of to Daniel Gwyn, Agent for the Spanish Pacquet-boat, j^oats!1' was referred, be made upon Wednesday Morning next.

Sir Rowland Gwyn reported, from the Committee of Malmesbury Privileges and Elections, the Resolution of the said Committee, touching the Election for the Borough of Malmef-bury; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Counftl for the Petitioners, declaring the y cannot produce the Bond given to Edward Browne, ordered by tills House to be produced, be not admitted to proceed in their Evidence touching the Election for the Borough of Malmesbury.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Counsel for the Petitioners, declaring the y cannot produce the Bond given to Edward Browne, ordered by the House 24 to

Half-pay.

Officers and Soldiers to exercise Trades.

Supply Bill; Salt Duties.

Duty on Taper, &c.

-Apprehending Felons.

Supply Bill; Duty on Paper, &c.

Privilege of a Member in a Suit.

Supply Bill; Duty on Paper, Ire.

11W. III. 24-25* Aprilis. 663

to be produced, be not admitted to proceed in their Evidence touching the Election for the Borough of

bury;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Teller, for the }»«

Tellers for the Noes, jjf)1}101

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Petition of Colonel Leighton was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioner did faithfully serve his Majesty in the Army, as Colonel and as Lieutenant-Colonel, until his Majesty was pleased to reduce those Regiments wherein he served: Aud praying to be inserted in the Lift of such Officers who are to have Half-Pay,

And a Motion being made, and the Question being put, That the said Colonel Leighton he added to the Lift of the Officers who are to have Half-Pay;

It passed in the Negative.

An ingrafted Bill to enable such Officers and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty's Service, to exercise Trades, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An Act to enable such Officers, and Soldiers, as have been in his Majesty s Service, during the late War, to exercise Trades; and for Officers to account with their Soldiers.

Ordered, That Sir Godfrey Copley do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Lmvndcs, according to Order, presented to the

House a Bill for the more full and effectual Charging of the Duties upon Rock-Salt: And the same was received; and read the First time; and ordered to be read a Second time Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of the Printers, in and about the City of London, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the Petitioners have served their Apprentice-shipsto the Trade of Printing, and have no other Way of getting their Livelihood but by their said Trade; and do understand, that a further Duty is likely to be laid on Paper; which will utterly ruin the Petitioners: And praying. That they may he heard before the Passing of the said Act.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Puniftiing, of Felons, that commit Burglary, and Housebreaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, is committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Inftniftion to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Pasteboard, is committed, have Power to receive a Clause of Loan upon the Duties upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Pasteboard; and upon the Overplus of the Customs, and Duty on wrought Silks.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, of Appropriation.

Ordered, That Sir John William do attend this House, in his Place, Tomorrow Morning: And that the Petition relating to him be then read.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for Vol. XII.

laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Pasteboard.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Cowper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, That they had made fume Progress in the Matter to them referred; and had directed him to move. That they may have Leave to fit again.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider further of the said Bill.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Martis, 25° die Aprilis;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

AP E TITIO N of Samuel JUous Gentleman, on Arrears for

behalf of himself, and several others, Innholders, Quartering and Inhabitants, of the City of Litelif'eild was presented to So^iers*

the House, and read; letting forth. That Major-General Leveson'sTroop quartered in the said City, in the Year 1697, for which there was due to them the Sum of 104 /.

5 s. That Lieutenant Mosely, the Adjutant, gave them an Exchequer Bill; which they knowing not how to divide, he promised to fend them little Bills from

and he accordingly sent them 50 /. in Five Pound Bills, ' but never lent the Reliduc; and is now going into Ireland:

And praying Relief therein.

Ordered, That it be recommended to the Lord Coningsby, Paymaster in Ireta nd, to examine and take care of the said Matter.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Bull's Estate. to enable John hull, an Infant, to fell his Lands in Kent, for the Payment of Debts, and Annuities charged thereon, and for Provision of younger Children, was read the Third time. s

Resolved, That the Dill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Lee do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with an Amendment: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrafted Dili, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Ships Hawk for the Ships Hawk and Rainbow to trade as English- and Rainbow. built Ships, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. Stringer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

An ingrafted Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Westlyd'* for the enabling Cyriac Westlyd Esquire to fell some Part Estate. of his Estate, which, by Articles upon his Marriage, was agreed to be settled upon his Wife and Children; and for the iettling of other Part of his Estate, of better Value, to the same Uses; was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals.

Ordered, That Air. Dormer do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendments.

Mr. Zjonvtherreported from the Committee, to whom pulteney‘s

the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Estate. for the enabling the surviving Trustees of Sir William Pulteney Knight, deceased, to make Leases, for the railing Monies for Payment of his Son William -Tier's Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned*; was committed; That they had examined the fame, and found the Allegations therein to be true; and that all the Parties

concerned

664

250 Aprilis. 1699.

concerned had given their Consent to the Bill, to the Satisfaction of the Committee; and that the Committee had made some Amendments; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow;

Pr. 2. L. 47. leave out " concerning," and insert " commencing:"

Pr. 3. L. 2, after "Trusts," add " Dispositions, Limitations, and Appointments

Pr. 6. L. 3. after " made," add " and also except " such House or Houses, Tenement or Tenements,

" situate, (landing, and being, in St. James'-Street, which " Sir Goddard Nelthrop does or may claim, by virtue of " any Lease or Leases, from the said Sir Wm.

" ney

Pr. 8. L. 34. after " that," add " all Sales that have " been made by the said Sir Thomas , or Henry

" Guy, or either of them, of the said Trust Leasehold " Estate, or any Part thereof, are hereby ratified and " confirmed, according to the several and respective " Grants, and

Pr. 10. L. 28. after "said," insert "Dame Grace " Pultney:" and after " William insert "

" Pulteney, Charles Pulteney, Thomas Pulteney, Henry " Guy, Eduard Darrell, their Heirs, Executors, and " Administrators:"

28 L. after " William Pulteney," leave out to the Word " all," in the 32d Line:

Pr. 10. L. 33. after "Claim," add "Trust, Benefit " of Trust."

The said Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Savery's Mr. Scobsllreported from the Committee, to whom

Fire-engine, the ingossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An ACk for the Encouragement of a new Invention of Thomas Savery, for raising Water, and occasioning Motion to all Sorts of Mill-work, by the impellant Force of Fire, was committed. That they had considered the fame; and had directed him to report the same to the House, without any Amendment: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, on the behalf of Doctor James:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be received;

It passed in the Negative.

The Bill was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass.

Ordered, That Mr. do carry the Bill to the

Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, without any Amendment.

Ordered, That the Report be taken into' Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Petition of many Inhabitants of the Town of - Sick and ford, in the County of Kent, many of which are Inn-holders and Victuallers, was presented to the House, and eam read; setting forth, That they have, with great ..... entertained great Numbers of his Majesty's sick and wounded Men, that were sent on Shore from Men of War; and have great Arrears due to them, and are reduced to eat Streights, for want of their Money: And praying elief.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

Mr. Lrnther reported from the Committee, to whom Bamardeau'i, the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act &c'Nat to naturalize Samuel Barnardeau, Peter Ckantreau des Gaudree, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Troops of Guards, and Grenadiers, was committed, That they had examined and considered the fame; and had made some Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and

are as follow; viz.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- cioribus, tituled, An Act for naturalizing Augustine Cioribus, and Nat. others, be read Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Hancock, according to Order, reported, from the Army Committee, to whom the Petition of John Hackwell, and Arrears.' others, on behalf of themselves, and the Rest of the Regiment of Horse, commanded by Brigadier Fillers, now Major-General Levesons, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table.

Ordered, That the said Report do lie upon the Table.

Sir John Williams attending in his Place, according to Privilege of

Order; a Member

The Petition of Sir Francis Child and Doctor George in a Suit' Jackson, relating to him, was read; setting forth, That Sir John William, a Member of this House, and his Agents, have forcibly entered upon an Estate mortgaged to the Petitioners: which they were in Possession of; and that the said Sir John Williams, and his Agents, do fell Timber, and commit other Wastes, upon the Estate:

And praying the y may be relieved therein, notwithstanding the said Sir John Wdliams' Privilege.

To which the said Sir John Wil being heard, in his Place, he acquainted the House, That the said Matters were depending in the Court of Chancery; and promised, That no Timber should be felled, or other Waste committed, pending the said Suits.

Duty on A Petition of the Parchment-makers inhabiting with-

Pardunent. in the City and County of the City of Coventry was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That the former Duty upon Parchment hath been an insupportable Burden to them, and almost ruined them, and their Trade; and if the same shall beany longer continued, they shall be utterly unable to carry on their said Trade any longer: And praying the y may be eased of the Duties upon Parchment.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, t<J whom the said Bill is committed.

Newfound- Mr. Gzvyn Reported from the Committee, to whom land Trade, the Bill for encouraging the Trade to Neufoundlaml was committed, That they had considered the lame, and the Petition of _ the Greenland Company to them referred; and had made several Amendments to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk s Table.

A Bill for the full and effefitual charging the Duties Supply Bill; upon Rock Salt was read a Second time. Salt Dutie*.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to a Committee of the whole House.

Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morning, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the said Bill.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for settling the Rates of all White-Salt exported.

Ordered, That it be anlnftrudlion also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause, or Clauses, to prevent Frauds in relation to Salt exported.

Ordered, That a Message be lent to the Lords, to put Papists Pro-them in mind of the Bill, intituled, An Act to prevent testautllMn.

Settlements

Legg's, *c. Nat,

Meth wold's Estate.

Duties on Glass.

Bridge's

Mate.

Lordirgtnn, Ac. Manors.

W ake's Estate.

Making Militia more useful.

Suppre fling Lotteries.

n w. III.

2S

W-.

"Aprilis.

665

Settlements by Papists, frnmdifinheriting their Protestaat Heirs., a '*

Ordered, That Mr. Stringer do carry the said Mef-sage,\ . ‘

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Sir Rickard Hpljord:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Richard Legg, and others, with foine Amend-

ments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House. Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Thomas Methwold Esquire to raile the Sum of

Twel ve hundred Pounds upon his Estate, by him laid out in improving the same, with some Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House: Also, They have agreed to the Bills intituled, An Act for taking off the remaining Duties upon Glass-wares, without any Amendments: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the veiling and settling the Estate of Anne Bridges, an Infant, in Bermudas, alias the Summer-Islands, in in and

upon Trustees, to be sold; and laying out the Money arising by such Sale in England, for the Use of the said Anne Bridges: Also,

They h ive agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the Sale of the Manor of Lordington, alias Lurtington, and liteway,

and divers Lands in the County of Sussex; and for laying out 5,000 /. in purftiafing other Lands, to be settled in lieu thereof: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable Samuel Wake, alias Jones, Esquire, to lell Lands, to pay Debts; and to purchase other Lands adjoining to, and formerly Parcel of, the Manor of Waltham, alias Waltham Holy-Cross, in the County of Essex, to be settled to the feme Uses.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

.,.1 Ordered, That the Matter of the Half-Pay to the Of- Halfway ficers be taken into Consideration To-tnorrow Morning.' Officer*.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into Supply Bill; a Committee of the whole House, to consider further Duty on of the Bill for laying a Duty on Paper, Parchment, Vd- paPer* lom, and Paftfeboard.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. '

Mr. Cawper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Camper reported, from the fold Committee, That they had gone through the Bill, and made some Anaertd-ments; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made To-morroVv Morning.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Apprthend-whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Pvofecuting, ln8 Felon*, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Bursary arid House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That all Committees, be adjourned.

Committee*.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurii, 2(3° die Aprilis Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

ing

Resolved, That this House will, upon Thursday Mom-next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for making the Militia -of this Kingdom more useful.

Mr. Lawther reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for suppressing the Royal Oak Lottery, and all other Lotteries, was committed, That they had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to the House, with Blanks, to be added to the Bill, That, after the Day of no Basset-Table shall be kept, nor any Person whatsoever play, or suffered to play, at Basset, in any Tavern, Coffee-house, Chocolate-house, or Gaming-house, whatsoever, under the Penalty of

And the feme was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Teller, for the;

TeHers for, he Noes,

So it passed in the Negative.

And another Amendment was made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments

ingrossed. '

Vojl. XII.

Legg's, &c, Nat.

} 6j.

}ro8.

Prayers.

A N ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act Pulteney'i j: . for the enabling the survivingj Trustees of Sir Ertate.

II lUiam PidteneyKnight, deceased, to make Leases for the raffing Monies for Payment of his Son William teney s Debts, and other Purposes therein mentioned, was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the fame, with some Amendments: To which they desire their Lordftnps Concurrence.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Abuses in whom it was referred to enquire into the ill Practices and King's Bench Abuses of . Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet, be made upon Friday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Richard , and others, be now taken into Consideration.

The House took the said Amendments into Consideration accordingly:

And the fame, being read, are as followeth; viz.

2 P. L. 29. after " France," insert " Peter Persode,

" Son of JPe/er Persode, by Jane his Wife, born at Franc-"fort, upon the Maine, in Germany; Paul Boyer, Son of " Matthew Boyer, by Clare his Wife, born at

" Her, in France; Peter Morin, Son of Peter Morin, by

" Anne his Wife, born at Chateaudu in John

" Oliver, Son of Peter Oliver, by Sarah his Wife, born at

" Montpellier, in France; Peter Cayran, Son of Samuel

" Cayran, by Maidelane his Wife, born in Guime; Sa-

" muel Gemau, Son of Peter Gerrnu, by Anne his Wife,

" born in Poitou, in France; Thomas Colum, Son of Mi-

" chad (Jolvm, by Jane his Wife, born in Mountauban, in " France; John Antony Bertuere, Son of John Bemiere,

" by Lamelett his Wife, born in Normandy, in France;

" Theophilus Vauchin de la Coude, Son of John de la " Couse, by Susanna his Wife, born in Vitry, in " paignt', Peter De St. Just, Son of Mark Dt St. Just,

" by Mary his Wife, born at Anthonin, in Guimie, in

8 G France

UggV*« Nat.

666 a6° Aprilts. A. 1699.

France; Jermuts Latpol, Soft of Antony by " Mary his Wife, born in Mompassie, in France; Mark " Antony Ter son. Son of Antony Person, by Mary his " Wife, born in Pudaurius, in Languedoc, in France

" Henry Peytblane, Son of Jo by Mary Anne

" Ostem, born in ... Principality of upon the

" Meuse; Jeremiah Frere, Son of John Frere, by Mary " his Wife, bora in Pontdeod.lt, in Brass, in the Duchy " of Burgundy; John Ducros, Son of Gabriel " by Mary his Wife, born in in France;

" Rodolph Cornelia, Son of Rodolph Gideon, by Anne his

u Wife, bofn at Medemblick, in North-Holland; John " ViUebon Ferment> Son of Nicolas Ferment, by Catharine his Wife, born in Lyons, in France; Francis PyU,

" Son of Aaron PyU, by Antonia his Wife,

" born at the Hauge, in Holland; Jacob Drobus, Son of " Elias Drobus, by Beatrix Cassa his Wife, born at Bom,

" in Majestricht; Ferdinands Paris, Son of Ferdinando " Paris, byl Elizabeth his Wife, born in Paris, in France

Gilbert Debie, Son of Joseph Debie, by his

" Wife, born in Boned, in Gmlderland; Julius Ceesar " Vandurst, Son of Peter and Catharine Smith, born at

" the Hauge; Stephen Cadroy, Son of Joseph Cadroy, by " Mary his Wife, born at Bottrdeaux, in France; William Violas, Son of Philip Violas, by his Wife, born

" at Languedoc, in France; John Gatiard, Son of Daniel Galiard, by Mary his Wife, born in Languedoc, in " France; Stephen Siguala, Son of Stephen Siguala, by " Mary his Wife, bora at Bein " Van Hesta, Son of Danid by Sophia his Wife,

" born at Wessed, in Cleveland; John Son of

u Daniel Papot, by Mary his Wife, born at Craoen, in " Orleance, in France; George William Crond, Son of " William Crond, by Mary his Wife, born in Hetleberg,

" in the Palatinate; Gideon Bormeoert, Son of n Bonneoert, by Judith his Wife, born in Sedan, in " Champaigne; Daniel de BSon of James de

u Bonnenier, by Anne his Wife, born in St. Christophers,

in the West Indies, in America; Peter Laoemy, Son of Peter Laoemy, born at Ne in in France;

" Alexander Dutens, Sou of Daniel Dutens, by Judith " his Wife, born at Angers, in the Province of Anjou, in " France; Lovis De Listany, Son of John Nicholas, by " Catharine his Wife, born in the Province of Rogergue,

M in France; Christian Murray, Son of William Murray,

" and Mary his Wife, born in the Dukedom of " burgh; Paul Faure, Son of James by Susan his

4t Wife, born at Socerden, in France; De Bordes,

" Son of Stephen De Bordes, by Arne his Wife, born at " Bordeaux, in France; Lewis Duplessy, Son of Theodore " Duplessy, by Nicholle his Wife, born in;

" Peter Boullay, Son of John , by Anne his Wife,

" born in Caen, in Normandy; Adrian Fulgen, Son of " Richard Fulgen, by Anne his Wife, born at Roan, in (< France; Moses Girandeau, Son of Moses Girandeau,

by Anne his Wife, born at le Comte, in

" France; Charles Castlenau, Son of James De Burleau,

" by Frances his Wife, born at Kismett, in Languedoc, in " France; Peter Bomefon, Son of John Bomefon, by " Elizabeth Ins Wife, born ot in Languedoc,

" in France; Peter Carnot, Son-of Antony Camat, by " Elizabeth his Wife, born at in France;

" thanael Manicher, Son of Peter Monicker, by Mary his " Wife, born at Rooan, in France; Lewis Son

u of Peter Dubois, by Mary his Wife, bora in Fonpatour, in France; Gideon R Son of " by Sarah his Wife, born in St. Martin, in the Isle of " Ro, in France: John DemiUon, Son of James DemiUon,

and Mary his Wife, born in St. Fey, in in

" France; James Rene Des Romanes, S on of James:

* DesRomanes, by Perside his Wife, born in Aroert,

" in the Province of Zanitongue; Solomon Rapin, Son of " James Rapm, by Jane his Wife, born at in

(< Languedock, in France; HFtquell, Son of James " Fiquel, by OUmpus his Wife, born in in Dauphins

" in France; Henry Poyet, Son of Poyet, by Anne

25

his Wife, born at Cottrtheson, in the Principality of Orange; Darnel Perrote, Son of John Perrote and Suson his Wife, born at Lamotte, in Poiton, in France; " Peter Ducla, Son of Daniel Ducla, and Susan his Wife, " born at Larcolle, in Guime; Solomon Blossett de Son of Paul Blossett, by Judith his Wife, born at " St. Boded, in Dauphine, in France; John,

" Son of John Memnmle, born in Bern, in France; Peter Cray, Son of Philip Crow, and Rachel his Wife, bora at Sedan, in France; Peter Brun, Son of John Brun, " by GabrieUe his Wife, born in Congeac, in France; " Isaac Harivill, Son of Jernudn Harivid, by Hester his Wife, bora in Normandy, in France; Joseph Dussaux, Son of Matthew Dussaux, by Anne his Wife, bora in " Gmtme, in France; Charles Rickard, Son of John Rickard, by Mary Fountaines his Wife, born in Paris, in Frame: John Lewis Delabene, Son of -

" bene, by Judith his Wife, born in Guinne, in France; " Peter De la Feoiltrie, Son of Peter De la Feviltrie, by " Lome his Wife, born in Poiton, in France; Samuel " Vidiers, Son of Samuel Vtlliers, by Charlott his Wife, born in Ttmine, in France; Francis Vine, Son of Peter m Vine, by Frances his Wife, born at Nions, in Dauphine, " in France; Ceesar Dupuy, Son of Ceesar Dupuy, by " Neree his Wife, born at Bergerac, in Peregord, in " France; Mark Cazalett, Son of Cazalet t, by Su-

" san his Wife, born in MiUan de Rooerque, in France; " Philip Jacob Sixt, Son of Christian Sixt, by Christena " his Wife, born at Ashach, in the Palatinat; Peter u Goniquet, an Infant under Six Years of Age, Son of " Isaac Goniquet, and Margaret his Wife, born in j M ders; Alexander Lamertinere, Son of John Nicholas, " and Catherine his Wife, born in Rovergue, in France; " Claudius St. Martin, Sou of St. Martin, by Mary " his Wife, born in Challons, in Champaigne, in France; " and Johnde Ruffdu, Son of Francis de Ruffau, born in " Bussu, in Augonmort

Pr. 3. L. 9. after " Regnaudadd " Peter Persodoe, " Paul Boyer, Peter Morin, John Oliver, Peter Cayran, " Samuel Goumau, Thomas Collon, John Antony Bermere, Theophilus Vauchin De la Coude, Peter de St. " Just, Jeremias Leoijoll, Mark Antony Terton, Henry " Poitblane, Jeremiah Frei'e, John Ducros, Rodolph Cornode, John ViUebon, Francis Ferdcnando Paris, 44 Jacob Drobus, Jasper Debie, Julius Ceesar Vandurst, " Stephen Cudroy, William Violas, John Gailard, Stephen " Siguala, Gerard Van Hesta, John Papot, George WU- Ham Crond, Gideon Bonneoert, Darnel De Bonnemer, " Peter Laoemy, Alexander Dutens, Lewis De 4t Christian Murray, Paul Faure, James de Bordes. Lewis " Du Plessy, Peter Boullay, Adrian Fulgin, Moses " raudeau, Charles Castlenau, Peter Banmfau, Peter Carnot, Nathanael Manicher, Lewis Dubois, Gydeon " Ribier, John DemiUon, James Rene Des Romanes, Solemon Repin, Hosea FiqueU, Penry Poyett, Daniel " Perrote, PeterDucla, John Memvielle, Solomon Blossett " De Loches, Peter Brun, Peter Brun, Samuel ViUers, " Pe. Le Feoiltrie, John Lewis de Labene, Isaac " Joseph Dussaux, Charles Rickard, Francis Vine, Alexander Lamertinere, Peter Cray, Peter Goniquet, Ceesar " Dupuy, Mark Cazalett, Philip Jacob Sixt, Claudius " St. Martin, and John lie Ruffau

L. 34. after " Regnaud," add " Peter Persode, Paul Boyer, Peter Morin, John Olivier, Peter Cayran, " Samuel Gamau, Thomas Codom, John Antony Berniere, " Theophilus Vauchlin De la Coude, Peter De St. Just, " Jeremiah Laujoll, Mark Antony Person, Henry Poitblane, Jeremiah Frere, John Ducross, Rodolph Cornolle, John ViUebon, Fronds Pyll, Ferdinando Paris, " Jacob Drobus, Jasper Debie, Julius Ctesar Vandurst, Stephen Cadrey, Widiam Violas, John Galiard, Stephen *' Siguala, Gerard Van Hesta, John Papot, George Wildam Crond, Gideon Bonevert, Daniel De Bonnemer,

" Peter Laoerny, Alexander Dutens, Lewis De Listang, " Christian Murray, Paul Faure, Lewis

" Du Plessy, Peter BouUay, Adrian Fulgen, Moses

Giraudeau,

11 W. III.

Sedgmote

Drainage.

zfr Aprilis.

Qbrawkm, Charles Castlenop, P(t& pmmafau, Peter Carnat, Nathanael Monicker, Lewis de Bms, Gideon " Ribicr. , John Demdlon, James Rene Des Romanes, So* " lomon Rapin, Hosea Fiquell, Henry Darnel -" rote, Peter Ducla, Joan Solomon

De Lockes, Peter Brtm, Samuel Fillers, Peter La Feviltrie, John Lewis Delabene, Isaac Joseph

Dussaux, Charles Rickard, Francis Vine, Alexander

H Lamer tinere, Peter Gray, Peter Goniquet, Casar

" pay, Mark Cazalett, Philip Jacob Sixt, Claudius St.

" Martin, and John de Rttffau

66j

j 60.

it

Tellers for die Noes, jj^ t

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

Mr. Tregagle accordingly reported the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, upon the said Petition, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at thf Clerk's Table,

Ordered, That the Report be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning ne*&

A Message fropi the Lords. by Sir Richard and Mr,

Mr, Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Imprison. Jeremias Laujol, Mark Autony Person, Henry Post- ^d^Confr^n,lien» Counter, kc.

4 Pr. L. 25. after "Regnaudadd (t Peter Persode Paul Boyer, Peter Morin, John Cayran,

Samuel Gamau, Thomas CoUom,

Theophilus Vauclin De La Coude, Peter De St. Just,

ct

Fraud* by Agents of Packet boats.

John Villebon, Francis Pyll, Paris, Jacob

Drobus, Jasper Debit, Julius Vandurst, Stephen Cadroy, William Violas, John Galiard, Stephen Siguala,

Gerrard Van Hesta, John Papot, George Iruliam Croud, Gideon Bomeoert, Darnel De Bonimer, Peter Laoemy, Alexander Dutens, Laois De Listang, Chris-tamMurray, Paul Faure, James Des Bor des, Lewis Du Plessy, Peter Boullay , Adrian Fulgen, Moses Gi-

randeau, Charles Castlenau,- Peter Baimafau, Peter Carnot, Nathanael Manicker, Lewis Du Blois, Gideon Ribier, John DemiUon, James Rene Des Romanes, Solomon Rapin, Hosea Fiquell, Henry Poyett, Darnel Perrote, Peter Ducla, John Menoielle, Solomon sett De Laches, Peter Bran, Samuel Peter la

Feciltrie, John Lewis Delabene, Isaac Harivill, Joseph Dussaux, Charles Rickard, Francis Vine, Alexander " Lama'tinere, Peter Crop, Peter Goniquet, Casar " puy, Mark Cazalett, Philip Jacob Sixt, Claudius St. " Martin, and John De Ruffau."

The First Amendment being read a Second time;

And the Question being put. That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The Second, Third, and Fourth, Amendments, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, also disagreed unto the House.

Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords, upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendments.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons, to he offered to the Lords at the said Conference:

And it is refereed to Major-General Bellasysse, Lord Chene, Mr. Scobell, Sir Cha. Hedges, Sir Robat Nappier,

Sir Samuel Bemardiston, Mr. Carter, Mr. Bridges, Mr. Lowther, Mr. Hammond, Sir Robert Clayton, Sir Henry Parker, Mr. BrotherUm, Lord Sir John Mor-

daunt. Sir John Bods, Sir Godfrey Copley, Sir Chr. Hales, Mr. Offiey, Mr. Harley, Mr. Gwytme, Mr. Cooke, Lord Corsbury, SirIVm. Vmers, Lord Fairfax', or any Five of them.

Ordered, That the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act for opening the ancient, and making any new, Rovnes and Watercourses, in and near Sedgmore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering

the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants, betaken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

A Motion being made, and the Question bang put, That the Report from the Committee to whom the Petition of John Russel Gentleman, on behalf of himself and others, in relation to Daniel Gwyn, Agent for the Spanish Expedition and Spanish Alliance Pacquet-boats, be now received;

The House divided.

The Yeas go fbrth.

Met, forth.

V01. XII.

} Sp-

Person of his Sacred Majesty, without any Amendments.

Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendment, made by Bull'*' this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable John Eftau.

Bull, an Infant, to fell his Lands, in Kent, for the Payment of his Debts, and Annuities, charged thereon 1 and for Provision of younger Children.

The Lords do desire a Conference with this House, Lord, defir* upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference; and do a Conference. appoint it Tomorrow at One of the Clock in the Afternoon, in the Painted Chamber.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That this House doth agree to a Conference with the Lords, as their Lordships do desire.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.

Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the former Conference do manage the said Conference.

Mr. Cowper, according to Order, reported, from the Committee of the whoLe House, to whom the Bill for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Pasteboard, was committed, the Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said Bill; which he read in hia Place j and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and all of them, except Clause D, upon the Q,uellian severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Clause D, being read a Second time. That *

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

fSir

5\Mr. Freeman:

[Mr. Lowther,

Supply Bill; Duty on Paper, &e.

Tellers for the Yeas:

} $5

} 50

Tellers for the Noes,[^.' JVimington:

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to the House, with a Blank, to be added to the Bill, That *

And the feme was twice read; and the Blank filled up:

And the Quession being put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

The House divided.

The Y eas go forth.

Tetters for he Tetters for*he

So it waB resolved in the Affirmative.

Ordered, That foe Bill, with foe Amendments, he ip-gcoffed.

} 6j-} 3i-

A [Messagp from the Lords, by Sir Richard and Mr. Pitt:

Mr.

<568 26° — 27° Aprilis. J.. 1699.

Mr. Speaker, paid: That, by an Act made in the Seventh and Eighth

Hough's The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Years of his Majesty's Reign, a further Duty of 1

for the Sale of the Estate of Zenobiah Hough, for the Pay- per Gallon is laid on all Rock-Salt refined; which hath ment of the Debts of her Husband, and other Uses; Deen duly paid: That the Commissioners of Excise have, with an Amendment: To which they desire the Concur- caused Informations to be brought against the Petition-rence of this House. Also, ers, for Non-payment of the said Duty, before the fame

Colier*a, &c. The Lords have passed a Bill, intituled, An Act for commenced: And praying Relief.

Nat. naturalizing Sir David Collier, Isaac la Mellioniere, Peter Ordered, That die Consideration of the said Petition.

deBelcastel, &nd William Rejatore:To which they desire be referred to die Committee of the whole House, to the Concurrence of this House. whom the Bill for the full and effectual charging the Du-

And then the Messengers withdrew. ties upon Rock-Salt is committed.

Supply Bill; Mr. Lowndes, according to Grder, presented to the A Petition of many Inhabitants of the Town of CW-Sick and Duties on ' House a Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and ham, in the County of , many of which are Inn-' wounded

Sweets. for lessening and fetding the Duties as well upon Vine- holders and Victuallers, was presented to the House, and ®eamen*

gar, as upon ,low Wines drawn from certain Materials, read; setting forth, That they have entertained great' and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more Numbers of sick and wounded Seamen lent on shore,

easy railing the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging from his Majesty's Ships, for which they have great Sums

of Cinders; and the same was read the First time. of Money due to them: And praying Relief.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, To- Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

morrow Morning.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow Morn-Salt Duties, ing, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for the full and effectual charging the Duties upon Rock Salt.

Half-pay . Ordered, That the Matter of the Half-Pay to the Offi-

Officers. cers of the Army be taken into Consideration To-mor-

row Morning.

Barnardeau's, Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in-Ac- Nat tituled, An Act to naturalize Samuel Bemardeau, Peter Chantreau des Gaudree, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards, and Grenadiers, be read the Third time Tomorrow.

Chums for Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Pnaes. whom the Petition of Captain Crow, relating to Prizes, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Friday . Morning next.

Apprehend- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to ing Felons. whom the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Burglary and Housebreaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, was committed, be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Newfound- Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to land Trade, whom the Bill for encouraging the Trade to Newfoundland was committed, be taken into Consideration upon Friday Morning next.

Suppressing Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill to suppress the Royal Lotteries. hottery, and all other Lotteries, be read a Third time Tomorrow Morning.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovis, 27* Aprilis;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

PftAYIES.

Salt Duty. A PETITION of Thomas Bendish, of Southtown, in Jx. the County of Suffolk, Esquire, and others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That they did, in the Year 1694, 1695, and 1696, import several Quantities of Newcastle Salt, to be refined at their several Works; for which the Duties, payable by an Act of the Fifth and Sixth Years of his Majesty, were answered, and

A Petition of the Distillers of Spirits in the City of Distillation Bristoll was presented to the House, and read; setting ^roni forth. That, by the Act, passed this Session, to prohibit the excessive Distilling of Spirits, and low Wines, from Com; and against Exportation of Beer and Ale; and to prevent Frauds in Distillers; the Petitioners are subjected to great Penalties, incurred in February and March last, before the passing the said Act: And praying the y may be discharged from such Penalties.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table until the Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening and settling the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders; be read a Second time.

Mr. Scobell reported from the Committee, to whom the CowfUde's ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for Estate. felling divers Freehold and Leasehold Houses, the Estate of Thomas Cowslade, an Infant, and others, to discharge a Mortgage; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the like Uses; was committed; That they had examined the Allegations therein contained, and found the same to be true; there being produced the Deeds following; viz. Two Deeds inrolled, both bearing Date 15th May 1677: Two Deeds, bearing Date the 14th and 15th of May 1677; wit, the 14th a Deed of Confirmation; the 15th, an Asignment of several Leases:

The Will of Thomas Hatton, dated 16th January 1692: the Deed of Mortgage for 5,000l. dated 12 th 1688, to Jeffry and John Jeffrys Esquires: And Joseph Cowslade, and Thomas Cowslade his Son, Francis Hatton, for the Son of Thomas Hatton, William Franklyn, for himself and Children, appeared personally, and gave their several Consents to the passing the said Bill: And that the Committee had directed him to report the Bill to the House, without any Amendments: And he delivered the same in at the Clerk's Table.

Mr. Hancock reported, from the Committee, to whom Army the Petition of Thomas Dilks and Patrick ,-in Arrears,

behalf of themselves, and others, belong ... to the De-feent Train of Artillery, commanded by Sir Martin Beckman, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon: which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That it appearing to this Committee, That the Petitioners were mustered from the First of November 1692, and remained upon the said Muster till the last of March 1693, being Five Months Pay then due; at which time they were discharged without any Pay, some time after several of them were paid their foil Pay, which was upon

the

11 W ill. if Apri669

the same Foot and Estabtifhmqqt rwith the Petitioners: Sir MartynBeckman owned, those that were paid was only

upon Account of their Five Months Arrears; and that he had no Order to discharge the Petitioners till the last of March; at which time he had an Order from the Ordnance-Board, with the Office Seal prefixed, to discharge them.

Mr. Whiteing,. First Clerk to the Chief Clerk of the Ordnance, did acknowlege, he had no Order to discharge them until the last of March.

Whereupon the Committee came to this Resolution following; viz.

Resolved', That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That, upon examining/ the Petitioners belonging to the late 'Delcent, who appear unpaid, are justly and duly in-titled1 tot the said Five Months' Pay, from the First of November 1692', to 'the last of March following 1693; and ought to be paid their said Arrears, as others have been paid, who are bn the same Foot and Establishment.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Refotoed, That the said Report be re-committed.

Apprehend- The House, according to Order, took into Confi-'

ing eons, deration the Report from the Committee, to whohi the Bill for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Burglary and House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops and Warehouses, was committed:

And the Amendments, made by the Committee to the Bill, were read the First time; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, fevered of them were agreed unto by the House.

Clause C being read a Second time, That any Person that shall apprehend, or prosecute to Convi£tion, any Felon, shall have, as a Reward, the Money, Horses, and Goods, of such Felon, that shall be taken with him;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Clause E being read a Second time, That if any Person, produced as a Witness, shall give Evidence on behalf of any Person that shall stand charged, after the said 20th of May, of any criminal Offence, the Judge shall administer an Oath to this Effect; viz. The Evidence that you shall give to the Court, and the Jury, in behalf of the Prisoner at the Bar, shall be the Truth, the whole Truth, and nothing but the Truth: So help you God. And if such Person shall perjure himself, shall incur and suffer such Penalties, upon Conviction, as the Law requires;

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Amendment j

It passed in the Negative.

A Clause being offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, That *

The same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

.suppressing An ingrossed Bill to suppress the Royal Oak Lottery.

Lotteries. and all other Lotteries, was, according to Order, read the Third time.

An ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, to be added to the Bill, for lengthening the Time for Continuance of the Lotteries, in respect of a Lottery for diipofing the Estate of Sir Charles:

And the Question being put. That the Clause be rereceived j

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas,| } 82-

Vo L.XII. J

Tellers for the Noes,|^* ^Jjbar: j- 63.

> So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

The Claqfe was received, with Blanks therein:

And the same was twice read; and the Blanks filled

up: T

And then the feme was, by Leave of the House, withdrawn.

Then an Amendment was propoted to be.made in th©

Bill, Pr. L. and Pr. L. by leaving out " September," and inferring " Decemberinstead thereof:: A

And the same w as, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the BiH do pass: And that the Title be, An Act for suppressing of Lotteries.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John Hoskins and Sir Robert Regard:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act ConwayY to enable Popham Conway, Francis Seymour, and Charles Seymour, Esquires, and their Issue Male, severally and successively, to make Leases of their Estates, without any Amendments: Also,

They have agreed to the Amendments, made by this PulteneyY House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the enabling Estate-the surviving Trustees of Sir. William Pulteny Knight, deceased, to make Leases for the railing Monies for Payment of his Son William Pultenys Debts; and other Purposes therein mentioned: Also They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Supply Bill; granting to his Majesty the Sum of One million Four Lind Tax. hundred Eighty-four thousand and Fifteen Pounds One Shilling Eleven-pence Three Farthings, for disbanding the Army, providing for the Navy, and for other necessory Occasions, without any Amendments: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for Railing railing the Militia for the Year 1699, although the Militia. Month's Pay, formerly advanced, be not repaid, without any Amendments: Also,

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to Pofthumou*1 enable posthumous Children to inherit their Father's Children to' Estate, with an Amendment: To which they desire the ,nhent* Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House took the said Amendment into Confide- Ditto, ration:

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

In the Title, instead of " inherit their Father's Estate," read " take Estates, as if born in their Father's Lifetime."

Ordered, That the Lord Combury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed unto the said Amendment

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in* Bernardeau's, tituled. An Act to naturalize Samuel Bernardeau, Peter *c-Nat-Chantreau. des Gaudree, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards, and Grenadiers, be read the Third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Collier's, &c. tituled. An Act for naturalizing Sir David Collier, Isaac ^al* fe MeUioniere> Peter de Belcastel, and William Rejatore,

be read the First time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, in- Cloribus> tituled. An Act for naturalizing Augustin Cloribus, and &c- Nat* others, be read the First time 'Tomorrow.

8 H The

1

i»!

1,

i'

1.

P

1'

1

r

1

l,|

270 — ^8° Aprilis. . 1699.

Billingfgnte The Managers appointed went to the Conference.

Market. And, beillg returned;

Sir Thomas Davall reported from the Conference, That the Earl of Bradford managed the same; and acquainted them, That the Lords do insist on the Amendment, made by them, being Clause A, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for making Billingsgate a free Market for Sale of Fish: For which they gave their Reasons; which he reported

to the House; and are as followeth; viz.

And the said Clause being read;

And the Question being put, That this House do insist on their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Sir Thomas Davall do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House doth not insist upon their Disagreement to the said Amendment.

Supply Bill; Resolved, That this House will, Tomorrow at Eleven

Salt Duties. a Clock, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House to consider of the Bill for the full and effectual charging the Duties upon Rock-Salt; and nothing to intervene.

Half-Pay The House, according to Order, proceeded to take

Officers. into Consideration the Matter of the Half-Pay to the Officers of the Army.

Resolved, That Half-Pay be allowed only to such Commission Officers, natural-born Subjects, as have been disbanded since the 10th of September 1697, and were upon the Muster-rolls at the time of being disbanded.

Resolved, That no such Officer shall be intitled to the said Half-Pay, that hath already been cleared, or otherwise provided for; nor any longer than till he shall be cleared, or otherwise provided for.

Resolved, That from the Five-and-twentieth of March 1699, the Officers of Foot be allowed Half-Pay for their Servants, according to the present reduced Number of Servants; and that, from the said 25th of March, no Officer of Horse, or Dragoons, be allowed Half-Pay for any Servant.

Resolved, That an humble Address be presented to his Majesty, by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty *9 most Honourable Privy-Council, That he will be graciously pleated to prefer the disbanded Officers, born within his Majesty s Dominions, and intitled to Half-Pay, as Vacancies shall happen.

Supply Bill; A Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for Duties on lessening and settling the Duties, as well upon Vinegar, as Sweets. upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy laying the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders; was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for the full and effectual charging the Duties upon Rock-Salt is committed.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the Petition of the Distillers of Bristol be referred to the said Committee.

Ordered, That the said Committee have Power to receive a Clause of Appropriation.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the Importation of Pearl-Ashes, of the Growth of Germany.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Powder to receive a Clause, That Whale-Fins, taken in the Seas of his Majesty's Plantations, in America, do pay no more Duty than those paid by the Greenland Company.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the more effectual preventing Brewers from using Moloffcs in the Brewing-Trade.

Committees. Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

X ..

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Veneris, 28* die Apnlis;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

A PETITION of John Goudet Merchant was Petition for presented to the House, and read; setting forth, re-delivery That he hath paid the Fine inflicted upon him by the of Papers-Lord?, and hath ail his Books and Papers in the Hands of Mr. Hairy Baker; who refuseth to deliver them to the Petitioner, without Order off this House: And praying.

That the said Mr. Baker may be forthwith ordered to deliver them.

Ordered, That the said Mr. Goudet's Books and Papers be delivered to him by the said Mr. Baker.

The House took into Consideration the Amendments, Sedgmore made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for DrainaSe* opening the ancient, and making any new, Roynes and Watercourses, in or near Sedgmore, in the County of Somerset, for rendering the said Moor more healthful and profitable to the Inhabitants:

And the fame, being twice read, were, upon the Ques* tion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow; viz.

Add Clause A, B, C:

A, Relating to Colonel Strangwayes' Manor of Comp-ton-Dun do:

B, A Saving to the King:

C, The Lord JVaymout/is Clause.

Ordered, That Mr. Hoar do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendments.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Methwold' Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Estate. An Act to enable Thomas Methwold Esquire to raise the Sum of 1,200l. upon his Estate, by him laid out in improving the same:

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

10 Pr. L. 28. after " aforesaid," add Clause A.

" Provided also, and it is hereby Enacted and Dedared. That there shall remain Lands and Hereditaments, Parcel of the Premises, to the said Jane Methwold, for her Jointure, and to her Jointure, and to her " Issue, according to the Limitations in the said Deed of " Settlement, of the clear yearly Value of 200l.; any " thing in this Act contained to the contrary thereof,

" in anywise notwithstanding."

Ordered, That Mr. Harvey do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Andrews' Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Estate.

An Act for Sale of the Manor of Downham, in the County of Essex, the Estate of Sir Francis Andrezcs; and for buying and settling other Lands to the same Uses;

And the lame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

Pr. 1. L. 11. after " deceased," insert " by Indenture c< Quadrupartite, bearing Date the 5th Day of March " 1697."

Ordered, That Sir Charles Barrington do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

The House proceeded to take into Consideration the Hough'* Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, Estate.

22 An

f/W.m.

28" Jpr'tlis.

671

Cowflade'b Eft alt*.

Apprehending Felons.

Duties on Sweets.

Art1 Act for the Sale of the Efttfte of'Zenobia Hough, for the Payment of the Pebts of her Hqfoand, and otter Uses: 1

And the fa^ne, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed uiitd by the House; and is as. followeth; viz,

3 Pf- L. 4. after Ralph" add Hough."

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry die Bill to the Lotds, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An 'Act for felling divers Freehold and Leasehold Houses, the Estate of Thomas Cawshde, an Infant, and otters, to discharge a Mortgage; and to purchase other Lands, to be settled to the hke Uses; tv as read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do p^ft.

Ordered, That Mr. Scobdl do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the feme, without any Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill for the better Apprehending, Prole-cuting, and PunHhing, of Felons, that commit Burglary and Housebreaking, or Robbery in Shops and Ware-houses, was read the Third time;

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be. An Act for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Burglary, Housebreaking, or Robbery in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables; or that Heal Horses.

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of the Distillers from malted Com, and of the Farmers, and other Dealers in Com, in behalf of themselves, and many others, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth, That by the Bill now depending, to take away Four-pence per Gallon, now upon low Wines, made or drawn from foreign or imported Materials, and Half the Three-pence per Gallon now from low Wines, made or drawn from English Materials, other than malted Com, the Petitioners are likely to receive great Prejudice: And praying the y may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the Consideration of the said Petition be referred to the Committee of the whole House, to whom the said Bill is committed.

hid difefted him to inoyq>( That ffiey m^y loave Leave

to fit again, '‘ , rp

ReSdtved, That thisJIJoqfe wUl, Ao-mqrrow Morning-, after the said Report, relplve itfel* into a Committee of the whole House, to consider farther of the said Bill.

Ordered^-That the ingrossed Bill from the Lords, in- Bemardeau'*, tituled, An Act to naturalize Samuel Peter Nat.

Chantreau des Gaudree, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards, and Grenadiers, be read the Third time Tomorrow.

Ordered, That the Report from thd Committee, to Frauds by whom the Petition of John Russel, and others, relating Agents of to Daniel Gwyn, Agent for the Spanish Pacquet-boat, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Morning next.

Supply Bills;

Duties on Salt and Sweets.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bills for the full and effectual charging the Duties upon Rock-Salt; and for laying further Duties upon Sweets; end for lessening and settling the Duties, as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy railing the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair.

Mr. Ccrwper took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cooper reported from the said Committee, That

they had gone through the Bill for the full and effectual charging the Duties upon Rock-Salt; and had made several Amendments thereunto; which they had directed him to report, when the House will please to receive the feme.

Ordered, That the said Report to be made Tomorrow Morning.

Mr. Ccrwper also reported from the said Committee, That they had made feme Progress in the Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening and settling the Duties, as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy railing th& Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders and V04. XII.

Ordered, That the Report fVom the Committee, to Abuses in whom it was referred to inquire into the ill Practices anti King's Bench Abuses of the Prisons of the King's-Bench and Fleet, pnr-fuFn*et be made upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Newfound-whom the Bill for encouraging the Trade to Neiofound- land Trade. land is committed, be taken into Consideration upon Monday Morning next.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to claims for whom the Petition of Captain Craw, relating to Prizes, Prizes, was referred, be taken into Consideration upon Wednesday Morning next

Aa ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Collier's &c for naturalizing Sir Dax>id Collier, Isaac le Mellioniere, Nat. ' Peter de Belcastel, and William Rgatore, was read tha First time.

Resolved, That the Hill be read a Second time, Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act; Cioribus' for naturalizing -AugustineCioribus, and others, was read &c. Nat.'

the First time.

Resolved, That the Bill be read a Second time, Tomorrow-Morning.

Mr. Lawther reported from the Committee, appointed Ac, to draw up Reasons, to be offered to the Lords at a Nat. Conference, for disagreeing to the Amendments, made by the Lords to the Bill, intituled, An Act; to naturalize

Richard Legg, and others, That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table; Where the same were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed untQ by the House; and are as follow; viz.

The Commons cannot agree to the Lords Amendment,

Pr. 2. L. 29. Wherein your Lordships have added near Fourscore Hersons to their Bill; which they cannot agree to; not only because it is without Precedent to add so very

Et a Number by way of Amendment, but it is also a hod they can by no means approve of, being thereby hindered of an Opportunity of informing themselves of the Condition, Circumstances, and Merits, of the Persons so proposed to be naturalized; of which they would be very well apprised, before they can consent to so large an Addition to their Bill.

The Commons also cannot agree with your Lordships in this Amendment; because there are so many English Officers and Soldiers out of Employment ftnee the late reducing and disbanding the Army; and, by your Lordships Amendment, so great a Number of Foreigners will be put into an equal Capacity with Englishmen, of being employed in his Majesty's Service , which, they think, was not your Lordships Intention.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendments,

Pr. 3. L. 9* for Reasons afore-mentioned.

The

72

a8° — 39°

A. 1699.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendments, Pr. 3. L. 34. for the Reasons afore-mentioned.

The Commons cannot agree to the Amendments, Pr. 4. L. 25. for the Reaions afore-mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do go to the Lords, and desire the said Conference.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Sabbati, 29* die Aprilis;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Praters.

JEWIS Lestang, John John Jo.

Desfountein, Fardinando Parris, John Mosell, Peter Hollander, Fr. Joyeux, alia John Shearman, Peter

Brun, Henry Pompey, Jac. Drobus, Isaac deMontinayer Langle, Paul Faure, Peter Foyssonit, Fr. Pyle, Serous Latomus, Peter Camat, John Olivier, took the Oaths appointed, in Order to their Naturalization.

Collier*, &c. An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act Nat* for naturalizing Sir Dadd Collier, Isaac la Mellioniere,

Peter de Belcastel, and William was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr.

Colonel Byerly, Lord Combury, Mr. Hcceningham, Mr. Brewer, Mr. Osborne, Sir Henry'Ashurst, Mr. Brotherton, Mr. Foley, Sir Stephen Leonard, Captain Blisse, Sir Mordant, Mr. Bridges, Sir Richard Farrington, Colonel Crawford, Mr. Dryden, Mr. Moor, Sir John Cope, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Devereux, Mr. Paget, Mr. Hughes, Colonel Webb, Dr. Deoenant, Mr. Mr. Hamond, Sir

Theophilus Oglethorpe: And they are to meet at Five a Clock this Afternoon in the Speaker's Chamber.

Wrayford'* Sir Robert Nappier reported from the Committee, to Eftale' whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act.

to enable William Wrayford Gentleman, and Dame Anne Rich Widow, to make Leases of Houses and Ground, in Covent-Garden, late the Estate of John Athey, Citizen and Haberdasher of London, wascommitted, That they had examined the fame, and found the Allegations therein . contained to be true; and that all the Parties concerned therein had given their Consents thereunto; and that the Committee had made an Amendment to the Bill; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the

House; and is as followeth; viz.

The Bill was read the Third time:

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That # #

And the same was thrice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, That #

And the same was thrice read; and agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Sir Robert Nappier do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the lame, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Bernardean's, An ingrossed Bill from the Lords, intituled, An Act kc. Nat. to naturalize Samuel Bemardeau, Peter Chantreau des Gaudree, and others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards, and Grenadiers, was read the Third time.

And an ingrossed Clause was offered, as a Rider, touching Trumpeters:

And the same was thrice read; and amended; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pals.

Ordered, That Mr. Lowther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Augustine Cloribus, and others, was, according to Order, read a Second time.

Resolved, That the Bill be committed to Mr. Sloan,

Mr. Thursby, Lord Combury, Sir Richard Sand ford, Mr.

Moor, Mr. Campion, Mr. Clayton, . Mr. Mamuiton, Sir Robert Cotton, Mr. Onslow, Mr. Heveningham, Sir James Hubland, Mr. Car, Mr. Blaake, Mr. Lowther, Lord Fairfax, Sir Geo. Fletcher, Mr. Cotton, Mr. Cooke, Mr.

Phillips, Mr. Sergison, Lord Hartington, Mr. Crockar,

Sir Richard Farrington, Mr. Thornhaugh, Mr. Hoar, Mr.

Brewer, Mr. Hughs, Lord Hyde, Sir Nappier, Mr.

Hayes, Mr. Hancock, Colonel Kirkby, Sir Tho. Davall:

And they are to meet this Afternoon at Five a Clock, in the Speaker's Chamber.

Resolved, That the Half-Pay, to be allowed to the Half-Pay. disbanded Officers, be paid to such Officers, only, who served in English Regiments at the time of their Dif-banding.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Needwood whom the Petition of Gentlemen, Freeholders, and For*ftR'6"u' other Inhabitants, who have a Right of Eftovers and.

Common in the Forest, or Chace, of Needwood, in the County of Stafford, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, was referred, be made upon Tuesday Morning next.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of Supply Bill; the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying further § "^0B Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening and settling the,

Duties, as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn, from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders; is committed;

That they be impowered to consider of increasing the Interest upon Malt Lottery-Tickets.

Ordered, That it be an Instrufition also to trie said . Committee, That they have Power to receive a Clause for the better collecting the Duties on Wines, Vinegar, and Tobacco.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put.

That it be an Instruction also to the said Committee,

That they have Power to receive a Clause to enforce the felling Liquor by full Measure, in Pewter;

It passed in the Negative.

Mr. Lowther acquainted the House, That he having. Conferee* according to Order, been at the Lords, to desire a Con- w,tb ference upon the Subject matter of the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Richard Legg, and others, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the same presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the4 Reasons to be offered at the said Conference, do manage the Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Lowther reported, That they had been at the Conference, and given the Lords the Reafens for disagreeing to the said Amendments; and left the Bill, and Amendments, with the Lords.

A Message

Ship Hope.

Officers and Soldiers to exercise Trades.

Wray ford's Eliau.

Supply Bill; Duty on Taper, &c.

Supply Bill; Salt Duties.

Supply Bill; Duties on Sweets.

11 W. III.

*9* jfprilis,r — j Mali.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir and

Sir Richard Holford:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable the Ship Hope, of great Length, and very fer-▼iceable for bringing Mails into this Kingdom, to trade as an English-built Ship, without any Amendment: Also, They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable such Officers and Soldiers as have been in his Ma-'s Service during the late War, to exercise Trades; for Officers to account with their Soldiers; without yAmendment Also,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to enable William IVrayford Gentleman, and Dame Rich Widow,

to make Leases of Houses and Grounds, in Garden, late the Estate of John Citizen and

Haberdasher, of London.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

T.<'

Luna, 1* die;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Si

Prayers. '

HHE Lord Hyde reported from the Committee, tc whom the ingrossed Bill,' from the Lords, intituled.

400*®*'*^*

an

An ingrossed Bill for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Pasteboard, was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Pasteboard, for the Purposes therein mentioned.

Ordered, That Mr. Cowper do carry the Bill to the Lords, and deGre their Concurrence thereunto.

Mr. Cowper reported from the Committee, to whom the Bill for the full and effectual Charging the Duties upon Rock-Salt was committed, the Amendments, which the Committee had made to the lame; and which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were once read throughout;, and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

A Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read; and amended.

And then the feme was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to the House, with Blanks, to be added to the Bill, That no Salt made in , or

elsewhere, within this Kingdom, from White Salt, which had paid the Duty before the Refining thereof, shall be chargeable by this Act:

And the feme was twice read; and amended:

And the Question bang put, That the Clause be made Part of the Bill;

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Resoked, That this House will, upon Monday Morning next, resolve itself into a Committee of the whole House, to consider of the Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening and fetding the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and die Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders.

And then the House adjourned till Monday Morning, Eight a Clock.

An Act for naturalizing Augustine Cl<*nd other* j was committed. That they had examined and consideroc,

' the feme; and had made feme Amendments thereunto' which they had directed hkft to report to the House which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered ix-. at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were twice read and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agrteo<A unto by the House; and are as follow xiz.

Pr. l. L. 27. after " France," insert "

" Son of Jacob Hollander, by Catharine his Wife, bor-ar* " at Hamburg; Servus Latomus, Son- of

i C m m & 2+ niai AT1!! A 4* -- 1 "M JT

I To*

" by Catharine his Wife, born at JVancfart ot\ X\\e Mairr "in Germany, PeterBrun, Son of by Gr

" briel his Wife, born at Cognac in "

L. 43. after " Thomas," insert ‘‘ Peter " lander. Serous Latomus, Peter '

Pr. 2. L. 8. the larrie Amendment:

L. 37. the same Amendment.

The Bill was read the 11151x1 time.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, pals.

Ordered, That the Lord Hyde do carry the Bill to Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agr, to the fame, with feme Amendments: To which desire the Concurrence of their Lordships-

~:y

.0 n

zmd

*d

in

-s

Vol. XII.

The Lord Cornbury reported from the Commith whom the ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled.

Act for naturalizing Sir devoid Collier, Isaac la Mellion^,

Peter dt Belcastel, and TViUiam Rejato commits

That they had examined and considered the same; ,

had made feme Amendments thereunto; which they ]

directed him to report to the House; which he read

his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Cl e

Table: Where the same were twice read; and, upon

Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by

House; and are- as follow; viz.

Ordered, That the Bill be read the Third time 'Tomorrow Morning.

Ordered, That it be an Instruction to the Committee of the whole house, to whom the Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening and settling the swee^ Duties as w ell upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather; and for charging of Cinders; is committed;

That they have Rower to receive a Clause to explain the Clause of Appropriation in the Act for the Land Tax, so as that the Oarifons maybe paid to the 29th Day of March 1699, hut of the 600,000 /..thereby appropriated.

A Petition of Joseph Hcne, Leiven Fowler, Ditto.'

and others, on behalf of themselves, and several others, who have advanced.Money upon a Fund granted to'his Majesty, by a Duty upon low Wines, drawn either from foreign or English Materials, was presented to the House, and read; setting forth)1 That the Petitioners have advanced great Sums of Money upon the Act, made in the 7th Year of his Majesty s Reign, for laying a Duty on all low Wines of the first Extraction, both from and

foreign Materials: That they under and a Bill is brought in for taking off Part of the Duty upon low Wines from foreign Materials, which may be prejudicial to their Interest: And praying the y may be heard, by Counsel, before the said Bill do pals.

Ordered, That the said Petition do lie upon the Table.

' ': SIAMeffage

ColU.

Penalties under Ad of Navigation*

Bernard# an'# &c* Nat*

Ditto.

Newfound* land Trade.

Legg'e, &c. Nat.

674 1* Mati. ' A. 16qo.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Robert Legard and Mr. Meredith:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act to discharge the Ships King William, and Charles the Second, from the Penalties of the Act of Navigation, without any Amendments. Abb,

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalise Samuel Bermrdeau, Peter Chantreau des and

others, private Gentlemen belonging to his Majesty's Three Troops of Guards and Grenadiers, with fouie Amendments: To which they desire the Concurrence of this Hqufe.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

The House took into Consideration the fitid Amendments:

And, being twice read, were, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as followed!; via.

Pr. 3. L. 53. with adding, after " ," Paul

" Guerard, Son of David Gue, by Susamta his Wife, " born at Metz, in France

The Lords agree to the Commons Amendment, Pr. 4. L, 36. with adding, after " Kidwell" Paul ."

The Lords agree to the Commons Amendment, Pr. 5. L. 22. with adding, after " Kidwell," " Paul Guerard"

The Lords agree to the Commons Amendment, Pr. 6. L. 3Q. with adding, after " Kidwell," " Paul Guerard:"

The Lords agree to the Clause A.

Ordered, TjSat Mr. Leather do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House bath agreed unto the said Amendments.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put* That die Report from the Committee, to whom the Bill for encouraging the Trade to Newfoundland was committed, be now taken into Consideration;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

TdlersfortbeYeM,/*} } *3-

TeUerSfor theN^r^»'<w- J 63.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

And, the Report being read;

The Amendments, made by the Committee, to the said. Bill, were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Qudftion severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

On iered. That the Bill, with the Amendments, be in-grofled.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Regard and and Mr. Meredeth:

Mr. Speaker,

i The Lords do desire a prefept Conference with this House, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Resolved, That the House do agree to a prefect Conference, as the Lords do desire.

And then the Messengers were called in again; and Mr. Speaker acquainted them therewith.

Ordered, That the Members who managed the last Conference, do manage this Conference.

And the Managers went to the Conference.

And being returned;

Mr. Lawther reported from the Conference, That the feme was managed by who acquainted them, That the Lords do infill upon their Amendments to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Richard Legg, and others; and gave their Reasons for the fame; as follow; viz.

That the Lords do acknowlege* that the Commons had good Reaion to be appreheofive of the Addition of so «5

many Names, by way of Amendment to this Bill, because that, at the time it was returned to the Commons, there was no Opportunity, by the usual Method of Proceedings between the Two Houses, to inform them of the Reasons for it: But their Lord Chips hope, that when, by the Means of this Conference, the Condition, Circumstances, and Merits, of the Persons proposed by the Lords to be added to the Bill, shall appear, that the Commons will be prevailed with to admit of them, for the feme Rieafons that prevailed with their Lordships; and to that End the Lords have directed, That the Commons should be acquainted with the feyerel Circumstances of every Person added, by their Amendments.

Their Lordships have as much Consideration as the Commons can desire, of the English Officers and Soldiers now out of Employment, since the late reducing and disbanding the Army, whom they would always have preferred before any Foreigners; but they cannot but' hope, that since, this Bill was intended by the Commons for the Benefit of those Foreigners that were at first put into the Bill, becausie, as their Lordships conceive, they had served long and faithfully in the English Troops, that the Commons will, upon the same Grounds, agree to those added by the Lords Amendments, they being found tobe in the feme Circumstances:

For theft Reasons, and on this Account, their Lordships do insist on their Amendments, except only as to Gerrard Van Hesta, and George William Krond, w hom they do agree to leave out of this. Bill, because the one being a Kettle-Drum, and the other a Trumpeter, they are provided for, in a Clause lent up by the Commons, to be added to the BUI for naturalizing Samuel Bernar-deau, and others; which is agreed to by the Lords:

Peter Persode, one about the Duke of,

to teach him French;

Paul Boyer, Secretary to the Earl of Galloway, and employed in his Business here:

Peter Morin shewed a Commission for Ensign in 1693, ip Colonel Gibson'$ Regiment:

John Olivier, Commission fqr Adjutant in 1696, in the Earl of Essex's Regiment:

Peter Cairon hath been a Trooper, in the Earl Oxford's Regiment, ever since 1689:

Samuel Guernau hath served since 1694, under Colonel Lumley:

Thomas Collom had a Commission for Lieutenant, in 1689, under the Duke of Bolton:

John Antony Bemiere had a Commission for Ensign, in 1692, in Colonel Brudnell's Regiment:

Theophilus Vauchin de la Conde had a Commission for Ensign, in 1695, in Colonel Ss Regiment: Peter de St. Just had a Commission for Ensign, in 1689, in the Lord Castleton's Regiment:

Jeremias Lanjoll, a Trooper in the Guards, under the Earl Rivers:

Mark Antony Terton, Commission for Ensign, in 1 (>94, under Colonel Bridges:

Penry Poitblane, Commission for Ensign, in 1695, under Colonel Granville:

Jeremiah Frere had a Commission for Ensign, in 1695, under Colonel Granville:

John Dwros, Commission for a Surgeon, in 1692, under Earl Essex:

Rodolph Corneille, Second Engineer, in 1691:

John VHkbone, Commission for Captain, 169T, under Colonel How:

Francis Pyll, Commission for Ensign, in 1697, under Lord Fairfax:

Fcrdinando Paris, Comroifiloh fer Captain, iu 1697, under Colonel Brewer:

Jacob Drobus, Commission . Ensign, in 1692, in the Princefe's Regiment:

Jasper Debie, Commission for Ensign, in 1698, under Duke of Bolton:

Julius Casar Vandust, a Trooper Three Years, in Lord Arran's Regiment:

Stephen Cadroy, Commission for Ensign, in 1696:

William

t

11 W. III.

i* — 3°

*78

William Vialas feryed as Trooper TweJye Veers

Under Colooei Lumley;

John GaUard, a Trooper Ten Yean*, under Colowl

Lrntey:

Stephen Siguala, Trooper Five Year*, under Colonel

Lumley:

John Papot, Trooper Seven Years, under foe Duke

Schomberg:

Gideon Botmevert, Commission for Lieutenant,!# 1693: Darnel de Bonnimr, Commission for irootepaot, io 1693:

Peter Lavemey, Trooper fifteen Years, under foe Earl Oxon:

Alexander Dutem, Coumfiffiou . Eosign, in 1693: Lewis de history, Commission for Lieutenant, in

16935

Christian Murray, Corowiffioo for Lieutenant, w 1689:

Paul Faur, Chirurgeon's Mate Five Years, under Colonel Granville:

James de JSordes, Commission for Lieutenant, in

1694:

Lewis duPkssy, Commission for Quarter-naafter, in

1689:

Peter Bonlay, Commission for Chirurgqon, in 1688: Adrian Fidgem, Commission for Brigadier, in J 689, in the Second Troop of G uards:

Moses Gi/vw^au, Commission for Chirurgeon, io 1688. in Lord Fitzharding'sRegiment:

Charles Castkmr, Commission for Ensign, in 1694:

Peter Bonnafor, Commission for Ensign, in 1693:

Peter Carnot, Ctiirurgeoq's Mate Three Years and Half, under the Earl of Essex;

Nathanael Manacher, Commission for Quarter-mailer, in 1697:

Lewis Du Buis, Commission for Ensign, in 1693, under Colonel Colt:

Gideon Ribier, Commission for Lieutenant, in 1692:

John Demillon, Commission for Captain, io 1 696:

James Rene Des Romanes, Commission for Ensign, in *693 5

Solomon Rapin, Commission for Captain, in 1695: Hosea Fujud, Commission for Chirurgeon, in 1696: Henry Poyet, a Trooper Twelve Years, under the Lord Roby:

Darnel Ferrate, Commission for Ensign, in 1690: Peter Ducla, Commission for Ensign, in 1693:

John Menviele, Commission for Quarter-master, in 1697, under the Lord Baby:

Solomon Blosset de Loches, Brigadier, served in Piedmont:

Peter Bran, a Trooper, since 1692, under Lord Colchester:

Samuel Fillers, a Trooper Ten Years, under Earl Oxford:

Peter La Feoiltrie served Eleven Years in Lord

desfeild' Regiment:

John Lems Delabem, Commission for Captain, in *694:

Isaac Harrvoill, Chirurgeon Fourteen Years, under Colonel Stuart:

Joseph Dussaux, Commission ... Ensign, in 1696, under Colonel Collumbine:

Charles Rickard, Commission for Ensign, in 1696, under Colonel Ingoldsby:

Fronds Vine, Trooper, Thirteen Years in Colooei Wood's, Regiment:

Alexander Lameo'tinere, commanded foe Engineers at Namure:

Peter Croy, Commission for Lieutenant, in 1694, under Colonel Granville.

Peter Goniyuet, an Infant of Five Years, born in his Majesty's Service:

Casar Dupuy, a Trooper, Thirteen Years in Colonel Wood's Regiment:

Mark Camlet, Commission for Captain, io >602, under Colonel Qramhlk;

Voi.. XII.

3

Philip Jacob Sixt, C SmpWwfpr Caflfoip, in 1689,

under Goloqel fiwham,.

Claudius St, Mortv\ Quarter-watter, FftUhtefP

under foe Earl of £ss^t

Joky de Rqffw, Chirurgeon, in tfKi Mary G^ly.

Ordered, That foe laid Bepert info Qopfidoi'a-

tion To-morrpw Mamfog-

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to Fraud* whom foe Petition of John Rtdell, *pd others, relating Agent* to Daniel Qwyn, Agept for foe Spanish Pacquet-boat, ^acke‘* . was referred, b$ taken info LoofideruLtion Tomorrow boat‘ Morning.

Ordered, That a Mefl'age he Tent to foe Lords, to put them in mind of foe Bill, intituled, An Act for the HaU^e0 making more effectual an Act, intituled, An Act to re-ffore foe Market at Blackwel(-hali to the Clofoiers; and for regulating the Factors there.

Ordered, That Mr. Ireton do cpury the said Message.

The House, according to Order, resolved itself into* a-Committee of the whole House, to considerof the Bill T~'v for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for leffiening. and settling the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon low-Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upora Brandy imported; and for the more easy raffing the Ota. ties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders.

Mr. Speaker left the Chair. 3

Mr. Coru'jMT took the Chair of the Committee.

Mr. Speaker resumed the Chair.

Mr. Cowper reported from the said Committee, Th-they had gone through the Bill, and made severalAmer* < ments to the Bill; which they had directed him to x~ port, when the House will please to receive the same.

Ordered, That the Report be made Tomorrow MoC ing.

Ordered, That all Committees be adjourned.

And then the House adjourned till To-moi Morning, Eight a Clock.

1;

1

V

Committed,

artisy9° die Maii;

U ndecimo Gulielmi 3tJi.

Prayers.

AM ESS AGE from the Lords, by Mr,

and Doctor Edisbury. —

Mr. Speaker:

The Ix>rda have agreed to foe Amendments, made this House, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for natural! zira^y Augustine Cloribus, and others; Allb, Ht'

They have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for $u Suppression of 'Lotteries, without any Amendments:

They ha.vo agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act for- 4 es" the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, audPuniffiing, of Felons that commit Burglary, House-breaking, or Bob — °ns'

bery in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables; or that (leal Hwfes; with an Amendment: To which their desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

An ingrossed Bill for encouraging foe Trade to New- Newfound-

land Trade.

foundland was read the Third time.

Resolved, That the Bill do pals: And that the Title be, An Act to encourage foe Trade to Newfoundland.

Ordered, That Mr. Gwyn do carry foe Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Sir Thomas Cook Knight, a Member of sir T. Cook's this House, was presented to the House, and read; set- Claim, ting forth, That^ he is a Creditor of Sir John Freind, late of London, Knight, attainted and executed for High

Treason, for above 3,0001, and had folly proved the same before the Treasury; and that a Grant was passing

for

676

2° Mali.

A. 1699.

Disbanded

Soldiers.

Supply Bill Salt Duties.

Half-pay.

for felling the Estate of the said Sir Freind, for

5,500l. And praying, That the Petitioner may be relieved, as (half be thought just and reasonable.

Rejoined, That the Petition of Sir Thomas Cooke be laid before his Majesty by such Members of this House as are of his Majesty's most Honourable Privy Council: And . that they do recommend his same to his Majesty's Favour.

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Soldiers of the Earl of Mac-clesfiekTs Regiment was referred, be made Tomorrow Morning.

An ingrafted Bill for the foil and effectual charging the Duties upon Rock-Salt was read the Third time.

An Amendment was proposed to be made, Pr. 10. L. 3 after " Certificate,'* to insert " having been given, as aforesaid

The same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title be, An A fit for the more full and effefitual charging the Duties upon Rock-Salt.

Ordered, That Mr. Coupe do carry the Bill to the Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereunto.

A Petition of Two Colonels, and other Officers, of the Scots Regiments, who served upon the English Establish-rnent in Flanders, during the late War, and since disbanded, was presented to the House, and read; felting forth, That, by the Vote of last, the Petitioners

seem to be excluded from the Half-Pay allowed to the English Forces: And praying, That the said Vote may be explained in Favour of the Petitioners, or that they may be paid the Arrears due to them for their Service, that they may not be under harder Circumstances than any others of their Fellow-Officers.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report from the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening and settling the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy raffing the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders; was committed; to offer a Clause for applying a Sum, not exceeding Twenty thousand Pounds, out of the Six hundred thousand Pounds appropriated by the Land Tax, to be distributed, towards their Clearing, among the Officers of the Scots Regiments ditbanded, which were upon the English EstablHhment, and the Officers belonging to the Three Regiments of Holt, Lillingston, and Russell, which were in the West Indies, and are disbanded; and for whom no Half-pay is allowed.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir Richard Hd~ Joi'dmA Mr. Pitt:

Mr. Speaker,

Supply Bill; The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Duty on for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and

Paper, Ac. Pasteboard, for the Purposes therein mentioned, with

an Amendment: To which they desire the Concurrence of this House.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

Ordered, That the said Message be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

Frauds by The House, according to Order, took into Considera-Agents of tion the Report from the Committee, to whom the Pe-

Packet* tition of John Russell Gentleman, relating to Mr. Daniel

Gwyn, Agent for managing the Spanish Pacquet-boats, at Falmouth, was referred:

And the fame, together with the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon, were read; and are as follow; viz

That the Committee do find, That the Petitioners ex-

boats.

hibited Nine several Articles of Complaint against Mr. Daniel Gwyn, who is Agent for managing both the Spa-

nish Pacquet-boats at Falmouth; viz. the Spanish Alliance and Spanish Expedition; Collefitor of the Customs and Excite; and alibMufter-master or Clerk of the Cheque: That the First Article was charging Mr. Gwyn with false Mutters:

To prove which;

Thomas Slade, Purser of the Expedition, said, That be hath been Purser near Eight Years; and Mr. Gwyn hath charged Men on the Pay-Books that have not been mustered; viz. Christopher Cocke; who went not above Two or Three Voyages, yet he Hands charged upon the Pay-book for about Twenty-five Months: Cor-nwA was aboard but about Five Months, and stands charged for Ten Months in the Pay-Book: John Row was entered in the Book before he was mustered: And Nicolas Saunders, and Caleb Shepherd, were constantly mustered, by Mr. Gwyn's Order, on both Pacquets, for about Eight

Years, and never went a Voyage in either: And it has been the constant Prafitice of Mr. Gwyn to make false Musters, ever since Slade has been in the Employ; but he cannot be positive as to other particular Persons:

That from the 29th of December 1694, to the 30th of November 1696, being Twenty-five King's Months, the Pay-Books are not free of Two false Musters; and, for several Months of the said time, are charged with Cornish, and Row, besides Shepherd and Saunders:

That, he having made up the Pay-Books, Mr. Gwyn hath often ordered him to put in Mens Names that have not been on the Muster-Books; and when he has not left room to insert such Names, Mr. Gwyn hath been angry, and made him make new Pay-Books before he would pay the Men:

That, at the End of feme Pay-Days, Mr. Gwyn would pretend he had loft Money, by mif-telling; and hath ordered Slade to set down the lame, under the Denomination of Ship-Debts, sometimes more, sometimes less: That he had a Brother, a Servant, on board the Expedition, and Mr. Gwyn received his Pay, and never allowed Slade any thing, though he signed the Pay-Book; and his Brother stands charged for Nine Months therein.

Mr. Corker, Merchant, said, He was present when Mr. Gxcyn would have had Slade set down one Shipman in the Muster-Book: He refofed lb to do, because there was no such Person, saying, He would set down if

he pleased; for that it was a Cheat to the King: This was when Mr. Avent, Secretary to the Post-Office, was sent to Falmouth, to examine the Matters now complained on.

Mr. Slade said, That, he leaving his Muster-Book on Mr. Gwyn's Table, in his Office, he could never have it

again; though he several times demanded it of Mr. Gwyn: That, to answer the First Article;

Mr. Gwyn denied the Matter of false Musters; but said, That, about the time of the Charge, several Persons went aboard the Expedition and Alliance, without his Order, and came for their Pay; but he refofed to pay them, being above the Ships Complement; telling the Captains, That if they would agree to keep one Man short of the Complement, he would distribute that Man's Pay, as they should agree, for the Service and Credit of the Pacquets, and no Prejudice to the King; which was to pay to Widows, and wounded Men, not within the Methods of the Navy; and to make good to himself Loss by mif-telling Money, and other Contingencies, of which he made no Advantage, otherwise than by making good Lois, by mif-telling Money:

That 90 Men are allowed for the Expedition, besides Shepherd and Saunders; and but 90 paid for: And fays. He has all along saved Four Mens Pay for the Allowance; viz. Two upon each Boat, by inserting Shepherd and Saunders in the Pay Books; and, besides the Number paid, there was always from Two to Four, or more, Volunteers, who have served for their Visituals only; for one of which Cock's Name has always been let down in the Pay-Book; and, for about Ten Months,

another

n W. III. 2 '‘ Mau.<5?7

another Persons Name, whoserad on board aboat Nine on the Pay-books; sometimes Part to make good Lose Frauds by Months; which has been applied to the Conth^epcies of Of Money to ,'Mr. by rmftelling, and for other

the Ship: An Account of which he produced for Twenty Uses; bOt how much, or to whom disposed, he cannot Months, since the said Ten Months; but kept So remember; for that he kept no Account; bht has received Account before: $£. & time for his Attendance, out of it.

That Cornish and Cock were the Two Persons that were Caleb Shepherd said, That he knows not how long the

entered in the Pay-Book, to answer Contingencies, and Contingent-Money has been flopped; but there was were never muttered: always more Men on board than the Complement, to

That John Row was an effective Man, always muf- answer the Want of those not present, who went for their tered; and his Pay answered to Spry, by Agreement Of Victuals only, m Hopes to get into die Paquets Pay,

Rowe's Father: when a Vacancy Iboald happen.

That Saunders and Shep)urd were always muttered. The Second Article; Importing Salt without paying though they did not go the Voyages; which was done by any Custom, or Excite: the Knowlege of the Commissioners of the Pott-Office, in To prove this;

regard he had no Salary for a Clerk; for which Purpose Mr. Slade said, That Captain bought Salt id Saunders served, and Mr. Gwyn received his Pay; but Spain, which was lent to Mr. Gwyn's Cellar; for which Shepherd was Boatswain of the King's Hulk, and he made no Entry, nor paid any Duty, till after Com-received his own Pay; and neither of them had any plaint was made; and the said Salt was brought privately Allowance for Provisions: in empty Provision-Casks; and sometimes Mr. Gwyn paid

That the said Commissioners of the Pott-Office the Captain the prime Cost; and sometimes discounted it: admitted the Matter, as to Saunders and Shepherd: And delivered in an Account of* the Particulars; amounting

That he believes, the Practices for Contingencies to Seven Weigh and ode Quarter: And that other Par- ( began about 1694, without any Directions from the Pott- eels were brought in the of which he kept no

matters-General; but one Waters, of the Alliance, having Account; and believes as much was brought over in the

disabled himself by a Fall 00 board, not in Fight, and Alliance

so without Ac Rules of the Navy, applied to the Pott- That he has also bought Salt in Spain, Mr. matters for some Allowance; and Mr. Gwyn being in Order, for which he has repaid him: And that Mr.

Town, wasfentfor; who then tqld Sir Robert Cotton of Gwyn always said, Twas for the Use of the Paquets, the said Practice; and he feeraed to approve of it, and and to save Charges to the Pott-Office: But he believes ordered him to pay Waters 6/. odd Money of it; which no more was brought than the Paquets mightufe. he did accordingly. Mr. Corker said, That, he hearing Mr. Gvyn had

Sir Robert Cotton remembers. That Waters applied to imported Salt, without Entry, or paying Duty, he told him; and thought he deserved some Consideration; and him. It was contrary to his Oath, and a Breach of Trust, though he was not within the Rules of the Navy, yet and against L* w; and that, if nobody eLfe would com-they might have found out some other Way to give plain, he would:

Waters something: That, soon after, an Entry of Salt was made by Mr.

But fays, He does not remember. That Mr. Gwyn Gwyn, or his Servant, as he takes it, about the Latier-told him of any Pay applied for Contingencies; nor ever end of June last:

heard of any such Practice till after the Complaint against And that, in April or May 1697, he fold Mr. Gwyn Mx.Gwyn; nor ever ordered any Disposition of that Money. 24 WBufhels of Salt, at 5 s. 6 Bushel, Captain Ciyes, Commander of the Expedition, said, which is 13* and gd. per Bushel of 20 Gallons, which That the Complement of the New Expedition was Ninety had paid ail Duties; and at that time Mr. Gwyn charges Men, and generally muttered Eighty-seven and Eighty- the King at 18*. per Bushel; and Mr. Gwyn might have eight effective Men, besides Saunders wad Shepherd', and had more at the same Rate of and gd.per Bushel, if many times they have bad on board Seven or Eight Vo- he would.

lunteers, who went to learn Experience, for their Victuals, That to answer the Second Article; and in Hopes to enter into Pay upon a Vacancy; and' Mr. Gwyn laid. That he never imported Salt without sometimes Mr. Gwyn has had 20s. for a Voyage for some Entry; but what was imported by Captain Cites and Slade of them; and always had more than their Complement was for the TJ fe of the Paquets, hi final! Parcels, which

on board: were entered the 23d of June last, but ordered to be

That he cannot be positive, whether or no Row was done a Month before: The Entry was for Four Weigh muttered; but that Spry received his Pay, by Agreement One Quarter:

with Row his Father: That; an Officer of the Customs telling him he had

John Spry said. He received about 15 or 16/. for omitted to make an Entry of Salt, he applied to the

Rowe's Pay, by Agreement with his Father. Commissioners of the Customs for their Directions; and

Mr. Pearse laid. That Captain Clyes complained of they ordered him, on the 23d of M last, to pay the Mr. Gwyn's Stop of Pay for Contingencies; have made Duties: Which he did accordingly:

Eleven falle Mutters. That be was tick about Three Months; ar\d before the

Captain Clyes said, He does not remember, that he' Officer told of the Omifliori, did not know but that it complained of false Mutters; but said, That there were had been entered while1 he was tick; and had Leave to Four Persons muttered and charged on the Pay-Books make an Entry befote he heard of Slade's Complaint, of the Expedition, that were not aboard; vix. Code, Third Article; Frauds in the ViChialling:

Saunders, Shepherd, and Romy But believes Cornish*as Tho. Sla.de laid. That Mt. always took the Suet not muttered; and that Cock was reckoned for the dead from the Hind-Quarters of the Beef; and the H^ad,

Man; and One or Two Mens Pay, that woo not on board, Feet, and Ldrd; of tire' Hogs (which were! all weighed, applied for Contingencies: and clmr^ed to the King) 'and'converted 'to 'his own

That he was well satisfied; when be knew how the Con- Use '; tiogent Money, was applied; some of which he disposed1 That he observed, in receiving of the Peak, Mr. Guyti of, himself, to Widows, and otherwise, before any Con)- generally charged about a Thirdmore in Weight than the plaint was made of it: That he had no Advaotage by i % Pork came to, at Two Pduhd aPiece, one with another; nor Mr. Gwyn, as he believes. _ j partifejularly1 about Five^or Six Yearsagt>, ill i6<)3> before

Mr. Rogers said, That he assisted Mr. Gwyr* generally the old 'Expedxhoh waif to Ldndotj. as he b&feves, be gave' at the Pay-Table;, and several times Jias'he&rd Muv Gwyn a: Receipt Tit about Eleven hundred Weight of Pork, and and the Captain agree, and declare, how the received. 'but

13h° Pieces -: That; he' refdfing td sign vthd Contingencies should be disposed; which was1 laid' by > Receipt,*'Mr Gunpi said, He wOtfld riot be called* toan itself on the Table, and disposed accordingly, as be be- Account for it: lieves: That sometimes it was paid to such that flood short Vol. XII. 8 K That,

Frauds by / gents of Paclret-boats.

6 78 2 9 Mail, ruf.16 % 9.

N 'That, on the 18th of August 1694, he received but 448 Pieces of Pori?, at Two Pound a Piece, making hundred Weight; and Mr. Gwyn has charged Eleven hundred and Fourteen Pounds; for which Receipt was produced:

27th Octobet' 1-694, Slade received but 256 Pieces of Pork, which at Two Pound a Piece, makes but 4 2 qrs. Sib. and ^tr. Gwyn has charged to the King Six hundred and Sixteen Pounds; for which also Mr. Slade's Receipt was produced:

That he has often desired, That he might receive the Pork by Weight; but Mr. Gwyn always denied it.

That it appeared to the Committee, by the Accounts of Mr. Corker, with other Merchants, and Captain ington, and Mr. Gwyn's Accounts with the Post-Office, compared together. That Mr. Gwyn has charged more to the King for Provisions, than they paid at the same time; viz. in 1696, and 1697;

For butter, 10, 12, and 20*. per Hundred Weight: For Beef, 3, 4, and 5 , per Hundred Weight: For Pork, 4, and 5, per Hondred Weight:

For Salt-Duty, paid 4, and 7, per Bushel:

And for Cordage, 6, per Hundred:

For Bread, 1, 2, 3, 4, and 6, and 6d. per Hundred. Mr. Slade said, That, in 1696, Mr. Gxoyn charged, to the King, Butter at 50*. to 56*. per Hundred Weight; and that he law an Account of 33 C. 1 16 lb. bought

at Marazon, by Mr. Gwyn, for the Use of the Paquets, at 32.v. 8 d.per Hundred Weight, the same Year; and

that he bought Butter, the same Year, at the same Place, at that Rate:

That, to answer the Third Article;

Mr. Gwyn said, He claimed the Suet of the Beef, and the Head, Feet, and Lard, of the Hogs, as his Perquisite; which may be about an 8th or 10th Part of the Weight of the Hogs; and about a 15 or 16th Part of the Value of the Hogs; which the Postmasters have allowed of, in regard to the Smallness of his Salary, which is but 70/. a Year; whereas other Agents for the Paquets have 150/. and 180/. per Annum Salary, besides Perquisites: and his Business is more than both of them: That the said Perquisites are computed at about 30/. per Annum: Denies the Charge of Slade, as to the 300 Pieces of Pork; for that there was no such particular Quantity delivered to Slade; nor does any such Particular appear by the Vouchers, to which he referred himself; but the Voucher that comes nearest to the Time, and Quantity of Pork, mentioned by Slade, is a Receipt, signed by him, dated the 14th of March 1692, for 12 3 qrs. of Pork,

delivered in Two Puncheons, being Two Months Provisions, with other Provisions answerable thereto, in one entire Bill, without any Alteration, or Addition:

Denies that Slade ever demanded to receive the Pork by Weight; nor could it be expected, that Mr. Gwin should deliver out the same Weight he bought, because the Perquisites aforesaid were taken out of it:

That as to Butter, He buys it at Wales, with his Money, and runs the Risque of Carriage by Water; that several Parcels have been call away, whereby he has loft about 701.; which LolTes being made good, he has not charged Butter at 40*. 6d. per Hundred Weight:

That, at Marazion, he has bought Butter from 3 i d. to 4 d.per Pound; and the Calks and Carriage costs him Three Farthings more per Pound; which is above 40 s. per Hundred Weight:

That, as to other Provisions alleged by the Petitioners to be over-charged, he has charged no more than what he really paid; as appears upon his Vouchers received from the Post-Office: And kid, That there is a great Difference in the Price of Provisions; and that he always bought the bell he could for the King's Service, Captain Clies said. That, about Two or Three Years ago (but cannot be positive to the Time), he heard Slade complain, That he had given Mr. Gwyn a Receipt for ti C. Weight of Pork, when he received but 300 Pieces; and, the Sailors murmuring about the Weight of the

Pieces, he weighed the Beef and Pork, which came near to the King's Allowance',1 and the Sailors never w anted a Meal in a Voyage:

Does not know, or believe. That Two Months Provision were put on board at once; nor tlrat' they ever received such a Quantity of Pork at one time, on the old Expedition, as 15 C. Weight (for which a Voucher was produced); but it might be at several times, and so a general Receipt given for the whole:

That usually, when the Paquet is ready to go out, they take a Month's Provision on board; and if Wind-bound, or drove back again, take in Recruits to make up what is on board, a Month's Provision.

Caleb Shepherd said, That he buys the Pork, at the Market, of divers Persons, without taking a Receipt; and, in 1696, he paid from 2id. to 3 per Pound; and believes Mr. Gwyn charged no more to the King than he paid:

That he never heard Slade alk to receive the Pork by Weight:

That he believes all the Pork, mentioned in the Receipt of Slade's, of the 14th of March 1692, was put on board at one time; and Slade signs one entire Bill for the several Kinds of Provisions; and when any Recruits were put on board, they were underwritten, and never any Figures altered in the Voucher:

And said, That Slayde never took any Account but what he had from Shepherd's Books.

To this Answer.

Mr. Slade replied, That the 12 3 qrs. of Pork, and the rest of the Provisions, mentioned in that Bill, were not pul on board at one time, but at several times; and then gave One general Account for the Whole, taking up the first Bill, and giving a new one, if the Figures of the First Bill could not conveniently be altered, or that there was not room to add the Recruits at the Foot thereof:

That usually, when he took in Recruits, he took bade the first Bills, and gave new Bills, adding the Recruits of each kind to the Provision first received; and referred to the Vouchers:

That it appeared, by the Vouchers, That the Figures on several Bills had been altered, but no addition for the Recruits at the Foot of any of the Bills:

Slade allb said, That he was generally at the Weighing of the Beef, and the Bread; and took the particular Weights thereof from the several Draughts, and not from Shepherd'?, Book or Accounts, as he alleged.

The Fourth Article was, Mrfuiahttgement in the Sails: To prove which; j

Tho. Slade said, That he has heard Captain Clies say. The Cast-Sails of the Paquet were appraised at and 5d. per Yard, and sold to Captain, Pennington at 12, 14, and 16 d. per Yard, as he said; and believes those that were of Holland's Dude, were worth 12 Yard; and that he would have given ih&t Ptfee for it; but was never present when any bf tfhe Sails were fold, or appraised.

Pearse laid, That the ^aftiSftilS were fold cheap to Captain Pennington, at the Rate aforesaid, as he told him; and that Pearse fold him wdrfe for gd. or 10 per Yard.;

Captain Pennington said, That, in 1696, he bought of (me Wills, a Sail-ntaker, about 700 Yards of Call -Sails of the Paquet, as Wills told him, from 12 to i6d.‘per Yard; and Captain Strange bought feme of them also', at the same time, at 16 or 17 a Yard, as Strange told him:

That he has since been at Coles and Malaga with those Sails, and used no other; and bought them because he thought them a Penyworth: But said, The Sails were altered by the Saif-maker; the Charge whereof might come to about 7 or SI.

That, to answer the Fourth Article;

Mr. Gwyn said, That the Postmasters ordered. That the Captains of the Paquets should view and appraise the Call-Sails; which they always did: and he ibid them as

they

11 W. III. i'Miii. 679

they were appraised, without "any Advantage to' himself; ters, for which Mr. took 12 d. in the Pound, when Frauds by and rought the Money to the King's Account; but did he paid in old Money of thq King's: but if he paid in not produce the said Order, being mislaid, as he said. new Money, which he said was his own, then he had'

The Postmasters said, That they believed they did give is? d. more allowed.: That he has made both those Al-Directions for the Captains to view and appraise the Cast- lowances, and given Receipts for the whole; and that Sails; and that they could not find the said Order, fbme People have murmured, because of the Poundage,' through the CarelelTness of their former Servant, who had and afterwards denied it.

the Charge of it. Thomas Chapman said, That, he being sick, and quar-

Captain Clies said. That he believes the Cast-Sails of tered with for Ten Weeks, at 7 s.

the Paquets were worn as much as they ought for the per Week, the King's Allowance; and his Landlady go-Service; and that they were appraised for as much as they ing to receive her Money; Mr. flopped 1 o s. out

were worth; that foine Part of them was not worth of 3/. 10 as she told Chapman, and said, She would above 2d.or 3 d. a Yard, other Part worth 8 d. a Yard; not keep him for his Allowance: Upon whicfy he pro-, but they were fold together; and he had no Advantarge mifed to make her Satisfaction, and afterwards gave her by them. to the Value of 6 or 7 worth of Silk.

Perkins, Sail-maker, laid, That he bought the Cast- Thomas Slade said, That he heing sick twice or thrice,

Sails of the Paquets, at the Rates they were appraised had 12 </.,out of 145. and about iBrf. out of 17 s. flopped by tire Captains, without any Advantage to Mr. Gwyn by Mr. Gwyn:

that he knows of; that he made Alterations, and fold Parti That in October 1,697, about 30 Sailors of tire new of the Sails to several Persons, atfeveral times; and some- Expedition were discharged, and paid in Spanish Pistoles, times got and sometimes loft; and believes, that if they at 17 apiece, some of which wanted Weight; and had been put to publick Sale, he should have given more Mr. Gwyn would not change them in Silver for more than than he did, rather than another should have had them. 17 s.apiece, w ithout weighing.

That Mr. Gioyn, being aiked, Why he did not expose That, at that time, he received Twenty Pistoles of Mr. the Sails to a publick Sale: Gwyn, for Richard , all of them wanting Weight, Answered, That he pursued his Directions, thinking it among which were Doubloons that wanted 2 and 2 4. his safest Way. of Weight; the whole Loss, by exchanging the Gold,

Perkins further said, That Two-thirds of the Sails that came to 12 i.; and most of the Sailors complained of Captain Pennington bought were Prize-Sails, and not of the Payment in Spanish Gold, the Paquets, to toe best of his Remembrance; and that Thomas Chapman said. That, about the 13th of he had five new Sails. ember 1697, he was discharged, and received of Mr.

Captain Pennington, replying, said, That William Wills, Gwyn, for Pay due for his Service on board the Expedi-Perl.ins i, Partner, told him, That all the Sails he bought, tion, 36 Spanish Pistoles, at 17 and apiece; all of belonged to the Paquets; and that those so sold to Cap- which wanted Weight, foine 6d. others 2 and

tain Strange were so too: he loft about 50 by the disposing of them for Goods

That he is fore they were of English Make; and that at L, where they were weighed: That Mr. Gwyn

he had no new Sails for his Ship, but had for his Boat: said, He would not pay in Silver; but that he did not

And produced a Receipt, under Perkinss Hand, for aik that the Gold should be weighed, for fear he should 84 L for old Sails; and another Receipt, of Two Pounds, not receive any; because others, that had complained, for new Sails for his Boat were forced to wait Mr. Gwyn's Leisure for their Pay:

The Fifth Article; Extorting Money from the Sailors, That Nine others were discharged, and paid, when he and others: was; who all said, Their Gold wanted of Weight; and

Edward Pearse said, That, about Seven Years ago, he a general Complaint was made by them, as well as of served the Paquets with Beer, at the same Rate he fold about Thirty others that were discharged, and paid in to other Persons, amounting to 36/.; and was sent for on Spanish Gold, the Pav-Day before: a Pay-Day, to receive his Money; but Mr. Gwyn would That, before the said time, he received of Mr. Gwyn not pay him without a Deduction of 36$. for Poundage: a Double-Doubloon, that wanted 135. of Weight; and Upon which, he told Mr. Gwyn, That he would serve Mr. Gwyn afterwards refuted to change it. him no more at that Rate, nor has done since; but gave That, to answer the Fifth Article;

a Receipt for the whole 36/. though he received but 34/. Mr. Gwyn said That Poundage for Sick-Quarters is a

4 s.and others, that were then paid, also allowed i2d. in Perquisite to his Employment:

the Pound for what they received: That if he had known Does not remember he received 364. of as

Mr. Gwyn would have expected Poundage of him, be Poundage; but he has Receipt for 36 A; and 1

should have made his Bill accordingly: thinks hfs Word ought not to be credited against his own

And said, That Mr. Gztyn hasfince justified his taking Hand:

Poundage, as his Perquisite, before the Commissioners of Does not remember, or believe, That he ever had the Post-Office, at London: Poundage of Lee, or that he ever paid him any Money;

That Daniel Toop, a Rope-maker, told Captain Pen- but that, if any was paid, it was to his Wife, without rdngton, He would fell him Cordage 24. per C. Weight Poundage.

cheaper than he would to Mr. Gzvynne, by reason of his Lee said. That Mr. Gwyn has paid Money both to Poundage. him, and his Wife; who told him, Mr. Gwyn flopped

Will.Lee said, That, above Five Years ago, be served Poundage, the Paquets with Beer, for Two Years; and received his Mr. Gzvyn said, That he never had Poundage of Toop Money quarterly, with a Deduction of 12 d.in the Pound for Cordage, nor of any other Person, except for Sick-stopped by Mr. Gwyn for Poundage; who also took Quarters; but where he has lent Money, he has had Poundage of others, as they said; but cannot remember Poundage: That there is a Difference in the Price of who they were. Cordage; and the King has the best he can get. for the

Mr. Corker laid, That, about March last, he bought of Paquets i one Badcocke, a Butcher, Beef, for Nine Months Pro- That, as to the Discourse between Mr. and the

viflons for a Voyage to Newfoundland, at 20 4. per C. Butcher, complained, That Mr. Corlcer agreed

Weight; and, when he paid Badcock, he aiked-him, for Beef at 204. a about Three Months before the W'by he would not allow him Poundage, as well as Mr. time be delivered it, being obliged to his First Bar-Gwyn ? To which he answered, That he charged Beef, gain by . Mr* Corker; and about the time of Agree-at toe feme time, to Mr. Gwyn at 23 4. a C. Weight, be- ment, has charged no more to the King than what Mr. cause of his Poundage. . Corker paid.

Geo. Robertson, Surgeon, said, That he has received Nlr. Fortescue affirmed, That Badcock told him some-several Sums of Money from Mr. Gwvn for Sick Quar- thing to the feme Purpose:

68 o

2* Mau.

A. 1699.

Frauds by That, as to the Pistoles;

Ageutof Mr. Gwyn said, That when Mr. Avent was in the

boat^ Country, to examine Complaints, the Sailors were so far

from complaining of the Payment in Gold, that there were but Two in both Paquets that said, They loft Money by Exchange of the Pistoles: And does not remember that the Sailors asked to receive the Pistoles by Weight; but most of them got 3d. and 6d. apiece by the Exchange , for that they went, at that time, at 18 s. apiece at London; and he could have put them off so there:

That he had not Money enough of the King's in his Hands to pay the Men at the time Slade complains of,

which he told them: and that he had 600 Pistoles of his

own; which he would advance, if they were willing to receive them at 17*. 6d.\ To which they agreed; and he accordingly advanced, without any Reward:

That, about that time, there was about 300 Pistoles belonging to the Prize-Office, which the Postmasters ordered him to take up, at 17s. and 6d. apiece; which he did; and with 100 more, that he had taken for Exchange, and the said 600, he paid the Seamen; and the light Gold was culled out from the rest, and paid Captain Cites, by Weight, that the Seamen might not complain:

That he bought the 600 Pistoles by the Ounce-weight, with his own Money, in order to make an Advantage thereby, but not on purpose to pay the Paquets; which were about 1,700l. in his Debt, without including Debts to Tradesmen.

Sir Thomas Frankland said, Mr. Gzcyris Accounts were regularly made up Quarterly, or Half-yearly, to Lady-day 1698, and the Office is generally in his Debt.

Captain Clyes said, That Mr. Gwyn took out about 30/. worth of the light Gold from the rest, and paid it him by the Ounce-weight, for his own Use, at the Pay-Table, because the Sailors should not complain of Lightness, as Mr. Gwyn said; and that he put off some of the light Pistoles by Tale, at 175. and 6d. apiece, mixed with other Gold of his own, that he had before:

That several of the Men that were paid, said, They loft 6d. apiece by the Change of the Pistoles; but has heard, that those that bought Goods, put them off at 18s. apiece: That a little before the Pay-Day, the Seamen would have been glad to have received Pistoles at 20 s. apiece, there being about 25 Months due to them; and some of them offered to fell their Pay for 15^ in the Pound,

Mr. Rogers said, That the Men said, That they would rather receive Pistoles at 185. apiece then stay for their Money; and most that received made 18 s. apiece of them; and believes Mr. Gwyn changed to some at 17 s. apiece for Silver.

That the rest of the said Nine Articles, exhibited by the Petitioners, being foreign to the Petition, the Committee did not think fit to trouble the House with the Examination of them.

And that, upon the whole Matter aforesaid; the Committee came to the Resolutions following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Mr. Daniel Gwyn, Agent for the Spanish Expedition and Spanish Alliance Paquet-Boats, hath been guilty of false Musters on the said Paquets, according to the Allegations of the Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Mr. Gwvn, being Agent for the said Paquets, and Collector of the Customs and Excise, hath frequently imported divers Quantities of Salt on board the said Paquets, without paying any Customs, or Excise; and charged the same to the King, as if he had paid the Duties.

Refolded, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Mr. Gwyn hath been guilty of divers notorious Frauds in Victualing the said Paquets.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the said Mr. Gwyn hath been guilty of divers. Extortions from the Sailors, and others, as alleged in the Petition.

The said Resolutions, being severally read a Second time, were, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resoloed, That it is the Opinion of this House, That the said Daniel Gwyn, for the said Offences mentioned in the said Report, is not fit to be continued, or employed, in any Place under the Government.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do prosecute the said Daniel Gwyn for the said Offences.

Ordered, That Leave be given, upon the Report from Supply Bill; the Committee of the whole House, to whom the Bill Duties on for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening Sweet*, and settling the Duties as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Materials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy railing the Duties upon Leather; and for Charging of Cinders; was committed; to offer a Clause for the Importation of Cowries.

Mr. Comper, according to Order, reported, from the Ditto, said Committee, the Amendments made by them to the said Bill; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were once read throughout; and then a Second time, one by one; and, upon the Question severally put thereupon, except Clause K. with some Amendments to some of them, agreed unto by the House

Clause K being read a Second time, being, That #

An Amendment was proposed to be made thereunto, by leaving out " Fourth," and inserting " Fifth," in the stead thereof:

And the Question being put, That " Fourth " Hand Part of the said Clause;

The House divided.

The Noes go forth.

Tellers for the Yeas, } 37

Te^rs for the Noes,[^r/^f> } *4-

So it was resolved in the Affirmative.

A Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, That it shall be lawful for any of his Majesty's Subjects to import from Holland, or any other Place of Europe, to the Port of London, any Quantity of Cowries, paying usual Customs for the same:

And the same was read the First time:

And the Question being put, That the Clause be read a Second time;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth.

Tellers forth. }

Telle is for the Noes,^Co!': }

So it passed in the Negative.

Another Clause was offered to the House, to be added to the Bill, That *

And the same was twice read; and; upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the Ilbufe, to be made Part of the Bill Another Clause was offered to the House to be added to the Bill, That

And the same was twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

Another Clause was offered to be added to the Bill, with Blanks, That # # *

And the Clause was twice read; and the Blanks filled up:

And then the Clause was agreed unto by the House to be made Part of the Bill.

And other Amendments were made by the House to the Bill.

Ordered, That the Bill, with the Amendments, be ingrossed.

Ordered

25>

32.

Goag

Kfcedwdod Fore it Rights.

I*gg\Nafc

Apprehending Felons.

Cdlier'f, *c. Nat.

11 W. III. 2° — 3

Ordered, That the Report from the Committee, to w hom the Petition of the Gentlemen, Freeholders, and other Inhabitants, who have a Right of leftovers, and Common, in the Forest, or Chace, of in the County of Stafford, Parcel of the Duchy of Lancaster, was referred, be made upon Thursday Morning next, at tleven a Clock.

Ordered, That the Report from the Conference with the Lords Yesterday be taken into Consideration Tomorrow Morning.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Mercurn, 3* die Mail; ,

Undecimo Gulielmi 3hi,

Prayers.

THE House, according to Order, took into Consideration the Report of the Conference with the Lords, upon Monday, touching the Amendments, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act to naturalize Richard Legg, and others:

And the said Report being read j and also the First Amendment;

And the Question being put, That the House do infill upon their Disagreement with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, made by the Lords, being read;

And the Question bang put, That the House do infill upon their Disagreement with the Lords to the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative.

The next Ameudment, made by the Lords, being t ead;

And the Question being put, That the House do insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords, to the said Amendment;

It palfed in the Negative.

The next Amendment, made by the Lords, being read;

And the Question being put. That the House do insist upon their Disagreement with the Lords, to the said Amendment j

It passed in the Negative.

Ordered, That Mr. Lawther do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House doth not insist upon their disagreeing to the said Amendments.

The House took into Consideration the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the Bill, intituled, An Act for the better Apprehending, Prosecuting, and Punishing, of Felons, that commit Burglary, House-breaking, or Robbery in Shops, Warehouses, Coach-houses, or Stables; or that steal Horses;

And the fame, being twice read, was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and is as followeth; viz.

4 Pr. 13 L. after " Cheek," add " nearest the Nose;

" which Punishment shall be inflicted in open Court, in the Presence of the Judge; who is hereby directed and required to see the same strictly and effectually cxecuted."

Ordered, That Mr. Brotherton do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them, That this House hath agreed to the said Amendment.

An ingrossed Bill, from the Lords, intituled, An Act for naturalizing Sir David Collier, Isaac la Alellioniere, Peter de Belcastel, and William ,was read the

Third time.

And an Amendment was prto be made to the

Vol. XII

'Mail 681

Amendment made by the Committee, to whbih the said Rill was committed, by leaving out " Paris:

And the same was, Upon tire Question severally put thereupon, agreed urito. . the House.

Resolved, That the Bill, with the Amendments, do pass.

Ordered, That the Lord Combury do carry the Bill to the Lords, and acquaint them. That this House hath agreed to the Bill, with feme Amendments: To which they desire their Lordships Concurrence.

Mr. Bertie reported from she Committee, to whom Di(band«d the Petition of Andrew Craggy and others, the Soldiers of SoMier*-the Earl of Macclesfield's licgiment, was referred, the'

Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and after*wards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That the Petitioners urged. That they were disbanded; and that their Horses, Accoutrements, and Cloaths, were taken from them; and that they could not obtain Discharges, or Pafies, from their Officers:

That, to answer this, the Officers owned, That they took from them their Horses, Cloaths, and Accoutrements; but said. They, being Foreigners, were disbanded the 25th of March, according to the late Act of Parliament: That the Regiment was ordered to attend his Majesty to Neicmarkct, within Four Days afterwards; fe

were forced to take their Cloaths for others who were mounted in their Place, in order to their Attendance on his Majesty: That their Horses were the King's; so that they could not part with them from the Regiment, without his Majesty's Order: And further, That each Trooper voluntarily subscribed to an Agreement for deducting One Peny per Diem out^ of their Subsistence, to keep the Troop in good Hories; which One Peny per Diem was repaid them by all the Officers, but the Major:

That it was further infilled on by the Officers, That they received One Month's Pay in Tallies, which bore a Discount of Four Shillings and Four-pence per Pound, out of which they might have deducted proportionably from every Trooper's Pay; but, in regard they were Foreigners, every Captain, except the Major, bore the Loss themselves, and paid the Troopers their full Subsistence.

That the Lieutenant-Colonel produced a Receipt from his Men for their full Subsistence; in which they owned they were satisfied, and had no Complaints to make.

That the Agent produced another Discharge, in full of all Demands, signed by those disbanded out of Lord Mohun's T*roop;

The Major infilled, That the One Peny per Day was a voluntary Subscription; that it "*as to be employed in recruiting the Horses for the Troops, but with the Consent of the Colonel, and respective Captains; and that the Loss on Tallies ought to be bore proportionably by each Trooper: That he was willing to account with them, and pay them what was their Due; that he had laid out more Money for Horses than the One Peny per Diem came to J that he had offered them, That if they would discharge him, that he would pay them what was their Due* and give each Xian Seven Pounds; but he (a) [supposed they] conceived they had a Right to their Hories; and therefore would not agree to it, but did petition the House against him.

And that* upon further Examination, it did not appear, that any were refilled Discharges, Recommendations, or Pafies, as alleged in the Petition; but, on the contrary, that Phillips, a Servant of my Lord field, by his Lordship's Order, acquainted them, That those who were Tradesmen, and willing to work at their Trades, should have Certificates from his Lordship; and those that were willing to go beyond Sea should have PafTes; that his Lordship was willing to do for them what Service was in his Power j but they answered, They would have their Horses, or else they would petition the Parliament.

(fl) Supplied from the original Report.

8 L The

Claims for Prizes.

Protect tion* on Highway AA.

-X

682 3* Mali. A. 1699.

The Lord Cornbury reported, from the Committee, ta whom the Petition of John Reiland others, relating to Captain Caldwell, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared

to the said Committee, and the Resolution of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where1 the same was read; and is as followeth; viz.

That as to the Regularity of the Petition, it appeared;

That the Petitioner John Stanton was a Mariner of the Anglesea; who produced a Letter of Attorney, exe-

cuted by several of the said Ship's Company, enabling him to demand, and recover, their Share of all Prize-Money as should any-ways belong to them:

That James Rogers, mentioned as a Petitioner, signed the fai l Letter of Attorney; and John Stanton signed the Petition in Rogers' Name, after he was gone to Sea, by the Advice of the Petitioner John , who acts as a Solicitor for the Seamen of the Anglexea.

John Reilly said, That he signed the Petition by virtue of a Letter of Attorney to him, made by divers of the said Ship's Company, to impower him to recover their Share of a Prize taken by Captain Caldwell; which Letter of Attorney was vacated upon granting the aforesaid Letter of Attorney to Stanton; but was in Force at the time of his figriing the Petition:

That in the Letter of Attorney to; the Sea-

men covenant to allow Stanton 4$. in the Pound, for all Monies that he thall recover of Captain Caldwell, as their Share of Prizes:

And Reilly owned, That he was to have 5 in the Pound j and that it had coll him 401, to prosecute for the Seamen.

That the Committee observing the said Petition was signed by Reilly and Stanton; by virtue of the said Letter of Attorney only, and by Stanton in Rogers his Name, without mentioning that it was in behalf of the said Ship's Company:

Whereupon, the Committee came to the Resolution following; viz.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners, having no Right of their own, but being Persons employed by virtue of Letters of Attorney, with a Reward of Four and Five Shillings in the Pound, to prosecute the said Captain, that the Petition is groundless and vexatious.

The said Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petitioners, having no Right of their own, but being Persons employed by virtue of Letters of Attorney, with a Reward of Four and Five Shillings in the Pound, to prosecute the said Captain, that the Petition is groundless and vexatious.

Mr. Yates reported from the Committee, to whom the Petition of the Carriers and Waggoners travelling several Rodds of this Kingdom was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Resolutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; vis.

That the Petitioners set forth, That, by the late Act, intituled, An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto; by which Act all Carriers and Waggoners are enjoined to draw with double Shafts, or a Poll between their Wheel-Horses:

And that, upon Trial and Experiment thereof, they have found it impossible to travel the narrow Roads, Pafies of Streets, and Gateways of Inns, for that they are not broad enough to contain the fame:

And complain, That one John Littlehales, and other Informers, since the Palling of the said recited Act, as knowing it impossible for the Petitioners to drive pursuant thereto, have severely prosecuted the Petitioners, 17

by seizing whole Sets of their Horses, which has cost them gfeat Sums to redeem; and the Informers have, from time to time, extorted Money ‘from them, which they have been forced to pay, to pfdvent their Horses being[ lb seized:

And that, to prove tfaefe Allegations, the Petitioners produced,

Charles Turner, a Wiltshire Carrier: Who said. That ft; is'impossible that the lktri Act can be complied With, to go With double Shafts; and that it kills their Hotfes in narrow or deep Ways; and that few InnS in London cart receive their Waggons with double Shafts, or a Pole; and that double Shafts and Poles are equally destructive of their Cattle; ' -

That John Littlehales, and others, have often prose-» cuted the Petitioners, and took Monies of them by way of Compositian.

Thomas Norris said, That he paid to William Hull, Brother-in-law to Idtllehales, and also an Infonner, 4 at one time, and 61. at another, he pretending Five Warrants against him.

Richard Niton said, That, about January was Twelve Months, Littlehales came to him, with a Warrant, and took his Mailer's Horses, and he was forced to pay 41. for their Redemption; and Littlehales ptoftiifed hint, that if he would pay 5 I. more, he shoulct travel the Roads unmolested for the Space of Three Months.

Matthew Lancaster laid, That, for Two or Three Years last past, be paid to Littlehales 41, per as a Com-

petition; and 5/. more for the last Year, to exempt him from Sixteen Warrants, he pretended he had against him:

And fays, That he had attempted to travel with a Waggon that had a Pole, and spoiled Two Horses thereby in travelling but Fifteen Miles, arid was forced to leave his Waggon by the Way.

Henry S/cdhall, Innkeeper, said, That, the 6th of March last. Two W'aggoners, tlmt were his Customers, as they were driving upon the Road, had Five of their Horses seized, together with a Saddle-Horse the Man rid upon, and another led Horse, by William Hull, and others, by Force; and they got them afterwards by replevying the m.

Peter Southgate said, That he had paid,

within Three Years last past, 30/. he pretending to have many Warrants against him; and that Two other Persons paid him, each of them, 51.; and upon that Account were permitted to travel quietly for Three Months.

Mr. Bayly, Book-keeper, said. That Mr. Hull declared to him, that Littlehales and he were parted: And said, That he law one Cooke, on behalf of himself, and one Suggett, another Carrier, pay to 40 s.; and that he, by Cook's Order, paid Hull 61. by a Note; which Hull afterwards acknowleged to have received.

Mr. Norris, Book-keeper, said, That Hull brought Five Warrants against one Guest of Stampford; and he, as Book-keeper, paid, on behalf of Guest, to I. to one Wray of Clerkenwell, and one Nutt of Islington, Two Constables.

William Hull, upon his Examination, said, That thfc Horses were taken according to Law; and that he was advised a Replevin was unlawful; and that the Horses of the Tw'O Waggons he seized belonged to Basses and Wilkinson.

And further acknowleged, That he and Littlehales were Partners till about Five Months since; and that he received 6/. of Baily, which he borrowed of him; and Baily afterwards gave it to him, to buy a Horse, to ride about, to prosecute another Waggoner:

That John Littlehales was summoned to attend the Committee; but never appeared; and about Three Years since was ordered into Custody by this House, for Impositions upon the Waggoners, and' ill Practices of this Nature; and was also ordered to be prosecuted by the Attorney-General.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the following Resolutions;

Supply Bill; Duty on Paper, &c.

Supply Bill; Duties on Sweets.

11W. 1H.

-40 Mali.

683

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That that Part of the Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto, which enjoins all travelling Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, to be drawn with a Pole between the Wheel-Horses, or with double Shafts, has been found imprafti-cable in most Roads of this Kingdom.

The first Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the Petitioners have fully proved the Allegations of their Petition.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Au Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by leaving out " impracticable," and inserting " inconve*. nient" in the stead thereof:

And the same was, upon the Question severally put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, That the House doth agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That that Part of the Act, made in the 7th and 8th Years of his present Majesty's Reign, intituled, An Act for the better amending and repairing the Highways, and Explanation of the Laws relating the reunto, which enjoins all Travelling Waggons, Wains, Carts, and Carriages, to be drawn with a Pole between the WheeUHorfes, or with double Shafts, has been found inconvenient in most Roads of this Kingdom.

Ordered, That a Bill be brought in to explain the said Act; and particularly, as to the going with a Pole, and' double Shafts: And that Mr. Yates do prepare, and bring is, the Bill.

It appearing to this House, by the said Report, That John Littlehales and William Hull have been guilty of exacting great Sums of Money from Waggoners, and other corrupt Practices, upon Pretence of Informations and Prosecutions upon the said Act;

Ordered, That the said John and William

Hull be, for the said Offences, taken into Custody of the Serjeant at Arms attending this House.

Ordered, That Mr. Attorney-General do profecote the said John Littlehales and William Hull for the said Offences.

The House, according to Order, proceeded to take into Consideration the Report of the Message Yesterday from the Lords, touching the Bill,' intituled, An Act for laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Paste board, for the Purposes therein mentioned;

And the Amendment, made by the Lords, to the said

Bill, being read, is as followethviz.

And the Question being put, That the House do agree with the Lords in the said Amendment;

It passed in the Negative, Nemine contradicente. Ordered, That a Conference be desired with the Lords upon the Subject-matter of the said Amendment.

Ordered, That a Committee be appointed to draw up Reasons to be offered at the said Conference: And that they do withdraw into the Speaker's Chamber, to draw up the said Reasons:

And it is referred to Mr. Harley, Sir Mr.

Harcourt, Mr. Cowper, Sir Godfrey Copley, Mr Mr. Boyle, Sir Thomas Wagstaffe, Mr. Eyres, Sir Abs. Dauby, Mr. Smith, Mr. St.John, Mr. Hays, Sir Barth. Shower, Lord Conningsby, Mr. Sloane,. Mr. Bridges, Mr.

Cooke, Marquift of Hartington, Lord Cornbury, Mr. Brothcrton; or any Three of them.

An ingrossed Bill for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessening and settling the duties, as well upon Vinegar, as upon low Wines drawn from certain Mate-Vol. XII.

A

n

&0.

rials, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more ealy raising the Duties upon Leather, and for'

Charging of Cinders; was read the Third time.

And several Amendments were niade thereunto by the House; and the Bill amended at the Table accordingly.

Resolved, That the Bill do pass: And that the Title' be, An Act for laying further Duties upon Sweets; and' for lessening and settling the Duties, as well upon Vinegar, as upon certain low. Wines, and Whale-Fins, and the Duties upon Brandy imported; and for the more easy raising the Duties upon Leather: and for Charging' of Cinders; and for permitting the Importation of Pedrh;

Ashes; and for preventing Abuses in the Brewing of Beer and Ale, and Frauds in the Importation of To- . " *' bacco. ‘

Ordered, That Mr. Cotvper do carry the Bill to did

Lords, and desire their Concurrence thereuirto.

/ ‘ \

A Message from the Lords, by Mr. Meredith and Collin'*, Doctor Newton: Nat.

Mr. Speaker, J

The Lords have agreed to the Amendments, made by this House, to the Bill, intithled, An Act for naturalizing Sir David Collier, Isaac la Melonicre, Peter de Bel-cast el, and William Rejatorc.

And then the Messengers Withdrew.

Mr. Harcourt reported from' the Committee appoint* Supply Bill;

ed to draw up the Reasons to be offered at the Confer- j£r°*c. eoce with the Lords, for disagreeing to the Amendment ' made to the Bill, intituled, An Act fbi* laying a Duty upon Paper, Parchment, Vellom, and Pasteboard, for the Purposes therein mentioned. That they had drawn up Reasons accordingly; which they had directed him to report to the House; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the feme were twice read; and, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House; and are as follow;' viz.

That all Aids which are granted in Parliament are the foie and entire Gift, Grant, and Present, of the Commons in Parliament; and that it is the undoubted Right and Privilege of the Commons, that such Aids are to be raffed by such Methods, and with such Provisions, as the Commons only think proper; and that your Lordships, by the ancient Law and Constitution of Parliaments, are not to alter any such Gift, or Grant, or the Methods or Provisions for collecting, raising, or enforcing, the Payment thereof.

Ordered, That Mr. Harcourt do go to the Lords, and desire the fold Conference.

Mr. Harcourt reported, That, he having been at the Lords to desire the said Conference, the Lords do agree to a Conference, and appoint the feme presently, in the Painted Chamber.

Ordered, That the Committee who drew up the said Reasons do manage the said Conference.

And they went to the Conference.

And, being returned;

Mr. Harcourt reported, That they had given the Lords the Reasons for disagreeing to the said Amendment; and had left the Bill, and Amendment, with the Lords.

And then the House adjourned till Tomorrow Morning, Eight a Clock.

Jovts,4° die Mail;

Undecimo Gulielmi 3tii.

Prayers.

AAL E S S A G E from the Lords, by Sir - Lords desire

lyn, and Sir John Hoskyns CoBferenw*

Air. Speaker,

The Lords desire a Conference with this House, at

684

Mail

A. 1699.

One a Clock, in the Painted Chamber, upon the Subject-matter of the last Conference.

Resolved, Na/iine conThat this House will fend aa Answer by Messengers of their own.

And the Messengers were called in again; and Mr.-Speaker acquainted them, That the House had considered of the Message, and would fend an Answer by Messengers of their own.

Leftwithell Ordered, That; John Hicks Esquire have Leave to with-Idea ion. draw his Petition touching the Election for the Borough

of Lest wit hell, in the County of Cornwall.

Abufw ia Mr. Offley reported, from the Committee, to whom the and*FUetDCl1 ^>e^tlon °* John Goodall, and the several Petitions of Mr. Pnfoij*!* Lascoe, Sir William Duncomb, Mr. Killegrew, Eleanor Smith, John Praed, Thomas Hamerly, and Henry Calde-cot, and Mr. Glover, were referred; and who were to inquire into the ill Practices and Abuses of the Prifens of the Ring's-Bench and Fleet; the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee, and the Reiblutions of the Committee thereupon; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivered in at the Clerk's Table: Where the same were read; and are as follow; viz.

That upon the Petition of the said John the

Matter appeared as followeth;

Mr. Richard Day said, That, by Direction of Mr. Goodall, he caused John Kelson to be arrested in an Action for 2,800 /.; who, by Habeas Corpus, removed himself to the Fleet Prison, where he was actually a Pri-fener:

That afterwards a Statute of Bankruptcy issued against the said John Kelson; and he was adjudged a Bankrupt by the Commissioners, Mr. Goodall the Petitioner having proved the said 'Debt before them; and Three of the said Commissioners, whereof the Informant was One, went to the Fleet, in order to examine the said Kelson, upon Oath, for a Discovery of his Estate; but, though he appeared before them, he obstinately refused to be sworn: Whereupon the said Three Commissioners, by Warrant under their Hands and Seals, dated the 4th Day of August 1697, and directed to the then Warden of the Fleet, did, by virtue of the said Commission, require and authorize the said Warden of the Fleet to detain the said Kelson in his Custody, without Bail or Mainprize; since which he has escaped without answering.

Thomas Leaky said, That he served Mr. Church, the then Warden of the Fleet with the said Warrant, the fcn# Dav as it bore Date; and Mr. Church owned, That the said Mr. Kelson was then his Prisoner.

In answer to which;

Mr. Ford, the now Warden of the Fleet, said, That be finds, by thq Commitment-Books of the , that

John Kelson was committed a Prisoner there, on Meihe Process, the 31th of July 1697; but does not find any Entry of the said Warrant from the Commissioners of Bankrupts, in any of the Fleet Books:

That he was sworn, and admitted, Warden of the Fleet, on the 28th Day of September 1697; when he had an Indenture of Asignment of the Prisoners committed to his Charge, in Number about 100; but the said John Kelson is not named therein; nor was then in the Prison; neither does he know him, nor ever saw him, nor knows what is become of him:

But said, That since he was admitted Warden, he has superseded Goodalf s Actions; and produced the Supersedeas:

That he infilled, That the Commissioners of Bankrupts have no Power to charge the Warden of the Fleet with any Prisoner, for a Contempt of their Command; but he ought to be looked upon as a Criminal, and removed by Habeas Corpus to the County-Gaol; and instanced the same of one Gregory, a Bankrupt, and Prisoner in the Compter, who brought Three several Habeas Corpuses to remove himself to the Fleet, and was as often remanded to the Coupler by the present Lord Chief Justice Treby:

That he further alleged, That the Warden cannot be charged with the Custody of any Prisoner, save by the-Council-Board, of Courts of Wfor that a Justice of Peace cannot commit to the Fleet, much less Commissioners of Bankrupts.

Upon which the Committee catnc to this Resolution;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,. That the Petitioner John Goodall has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

® 1

That upon the1 Petition of Mr. Lascoe, the Matter appeared to be hs followeth;

That Sir John James, and others, was indebted to the

Petitioner 1,400l. upon a Bond of 4,000l. Penalty, upon which Sir John James was arrested, who turned himself over to the Fleet; and, in Trinity Term 1697, Sir John James was charged, and committed in Execution, in the Fleet, at the Suit of the Petitioner, for 4,0001:. Debt, and 22 /. Colts:

That, on the 16th Day of September 1697, Sir John James escaped, and was seen in near

Anne's Church, Westminster, by Mr. Holden, the Petitioner's Attorney, and Mr. French] who asked him, What he did there? He said. He was about his Bufinel's; and then voluntarily went with them to the Fleet: And they complained of the said Escape to Mr. Church, the there Warden: He laid. He had Security, but hoped no Notice would be taken of the said Escape:

That, in Michaelmas Term 1697, the Petitioner Lascoe brought his Action of Escape against the said Mr. Church, and obtained Judgment thereon; and moved tho Court of Common-Pleas for a Sequestration; which was not granted; because the Judges thought the Petitioner could have no Advantage thereby, by reafen of the many Incumbrances that were upon the Office of the Fleet; fine* which the said Mr. Church is absconded; and, as the Petitioner is informed, Sir John James hath, by Habeas Corpus, removed himself to the Prison*

from whence he hath also escaped.

Mr. Holding said, That the Door-keeper of the -Bench told him, That Sir John James was a Prisoner there; and Mr. Taylor, the then Marshal, told him, He should fee Sir John in Two or Three Days; after which Holding went down again, but could not be admitted to fee hum.

That, to this Petition, Mr. Ford, the now W'arden, answered;

That he admits Sir John James was charged in Execution, as the Petition sets forth; that he was afterwards seen in Gerrard-street; and that Judgment was recovered against Mr. Church, as aforesaid; but that Judgment is referred to a Prothonotary, as irregular; and hopes it shall not be adjudged an Escape, the Prisoner returning the feme Day; and a fresh Pursuit being allowed, by which he might have been taken:

That Sir John James was a Prisoner turned over to Ford-, and was never, after the said 16th -Day of September 1697, out of the Walls of the Prison, until he removed himself to the King's-Bench, by Habeas Corpus.

Mr. Gimbart, now Marshal of the King's-Bench, said.

He was sworn Marshal in pursuance of an Act of Parliament, on the 29th December last, when he had but 31 Prisoners committed to his Charge, or turned over to him, among which Sir John James b not named; but he has heard, since his Admission, that Sir John James was a Prisoner to Mr. Taylor, the late Marshal; and that he suffered him to escape.

Resolved, That it b' the Opinion of this Committee, That the Petitioner Frauds lascoe has fully proved the Allegations of hb Petition.

That upon the Petition of Sir Wm. Duncomb, the Matter appeared to be as followeth;

That the said Petitioner caused Henry Killigrew Esquire to be taken in Execution, for 400 /. Debt: who turned himself over to the Fleet Prison, and soon after escaped from thence, and was several times after seen out of the Rules of the said Prison: Whereupon, the Petitioner

brought

nW. Ill 4° Mali. 685

brought his Action of Escape against the said Mr. the then Warden of the Fleet, and recovered Judgment against him in Trinity Term 1697, for the said 400l. and the Court granted a Sequestration of the Profits of the Fleet, pursuant to a late Act of Parliament; but the Petitioner could obtain no Relief thereby: That, since the Sequestration, the Petitioner agreed to accept; of 250 /. in Satisfaction of his said Debt; to strengthen which, an Assignment to Francis Guy of a former Mortgage upon the Fleet, to one Norwood, which was saved by a late Act of Parliament, and inrolled in pursuance thereof, and was transferred to the Petitioner; and Guy made Oath, That the said Assignment to him was well executed; and that he had not given any Declaration of Trust thereof; though Mr. Tilly afterwards said he had:

That 50 /. being the first Sum to be paid by the Agreement, was not paid at the time it ought; though Mr. Killegrew had paid it, as Mr. Ford owned; and Sir William, looking on Guy's Assignment as a lham Security, refused afterwards to receive it.

In Answer to which;

Mr. Ford, the now Warden, said, That the Matters of the said Petition were transacted before he was Warden of the f leet; but that, subsequent to the said Sequestration, Sir Will. Duncomb, by Writing under his Hand and Seal, agreed to take 250 I. to be paid at several times, in full Satisfaction of his said 400 /. Debt, and had Norwood's Mortgage assigned over to him, as his Security; of which he believes, and Mr. Tilly did affirm, Francis Guy had not made any Declaration of Trust; yet, because the first Payment, being 50 /. was not paid at the precise Day it ought, Sir William would not receive it, though it was tendered him in Three Weeks afterwards:

That Sir William Duncomb offered at the Committee

to receive the said 501.

That upon the Petition of Mr. Kdligrew, relating to The Matter of Sir William s Petition;

Mr. Killigrew said, That be has preferred his Bill in Chancery against Sir William Duncomb, to be relieved against the said Judgment, having paid Part of the Money due thereon to Sir Eduard Bash, under whom Sir William claims; and said, That he was a Prisoner in the Fleet; and did not know that he was charged in Execution.

Whereupon the Committee came to the Resolution following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee, That Sir William Duncomb has fully proved the Allegations of his Petition.

That upon the Petition of Eleanor Smith, Widow, and Executrix of Fran.Smith, deceased, it appeared;

That her late Husband became bound for Thomas Bromhall, deceased, who then had the Inheritance of the Fleet in him, to divers Persons; and paid several Sums of Money for him, particularly 50/. to Alice for

which the Petitioner produced Receipts, and proved them by one Thomas Middleton

That Bromhall gave the Petitioner's Husband Counter-Bonds for his Indemnity; and Mr. Tilly, who has since purchased the Inheritance of the Fleet, under an Act of Parliament, being sensible, that the Petitioner intended to oppose the said Act, did, on the First Day of May 1693. give Bond to the Petitioner of 400l. Penalty, for Payment of 212/. in May 1695, without Interest; of which Mr. Tilly has paid but 7 /. 6 s. and the Petitioner threatening to sue him upon the Bond, he said, He was in his Cattle: And lhe Petitioner said, She was unable to sue him.

That upon the Petition of John Praed, it appeared;

That in Trinity Term 1690 the Petitioner exhibited his Bill in Chancery against William and others;

and in December 1091, the Cause was heard, an Account directed, and JVarr ordered to pay the Petitioner's Costs; which were afterwards taxed at 531. 8 s. and the

Mailer reported 6,404/. as. y

- Vot. XII.

That, to avoid the Payment of the said Cotta, sheltered hiintelf in the Mint; from whence he was taken, by virtue of an Order of the Court of Chancery, and pnlons. committed a Prisoner to the Fleet; but arr having his Liberty the Petitioner complained to the Lord Chancellor, who made several Orders for his Confinement within the Walls of the said Prison, and until further Order; yet Warr enjoyed his Liberty; and, upon further Complaint made to the Lord Chancellor, he thereupon ordered Mr. Church, the then Warden of the Fleet, to pay the Petitioner 501. Part of the aid 53/. Stf. 3 d.

Costs, and the further Sum of 25 /. which the Matter had taxed for Costs, that the Petitioner was put unto in prosecuting for the said

Mr.John Coode, Mr. Praed, Soli, said. That, feve-

ral times after JVarr was committed to the Fleet, and was ordered to be kept within the Walls of the said Prison, he saw him in several Places, without a Day Rule, oi- a Keeper, in the Vacation-time; and talking to the said Mr. Church about JVarr, he said, That as long as JVarr could feed Mr. Tilley with Money, he would let Warr have his Liberty to go where he pleased.

That the Petitioner has a Decree signed and inrolled, for the 6,404/. and a Sequestration thereupon; but has not reaped any Benefit thereby.

In Answer to which Petition;

Mr. Tilly said, That he admitted JVarr was committed a Prisoner to the Fleet for the said 53 /. 8 3 Costs,

and no more; and that the Lord Chancellor made such Order as aforesaid; but laid. The Warden of the Fleet could not be charged with the 6,404/. gs. yd. mentioned in the Petition; because the Decree in Chancery was not confirmed and inrolled till after with his Causes,

was removed from the fleet to the by an alias Habeas Corpus, the 27th June 1696.:

That the Office of the Fleet paid the said 50 /. pu^-suant to the Lord Chancellor's Order; and all'o Part of the said 2,5/. and believes Mr. Ford, the now Warden, will pay Mr. Praed the Remainder of the 25 /. whenever he will receive it:

And Mr. Ford said, He will pay Mr. Praed what shall appear due to him of the said 251, as soon as he pleases:

That Mr. Praed owned the Receipt of the 50/. and

Part of the 25 Z.;

That it does appear, by the Books of the King s-Bench Prison, that If cirr was removed thither by Habeas Corpus.

That, upon the Petition of Tho. Hamerly and Caldecott, Mr. Dotting, an Attorney, said,

That the Petitioners caused Gerra to be arrested, who turned himself over to the Fleet Prison, and, in Michaelmas Term last, the Petitioners obtained Two Judgments against the said Lodowick, for 412/. but the-

Warden of the Fleet lets him go where he pleases:

The said Attorney confessed, That Hamerly and Caldecott had not fought any Remedy against the now Warden of the Fleet.

To this the Warden only said;

That there are Writs of Error brought upon the said Judgments, which are now depending,

That upon the Petition of Mr. Glover, also referred;

It was proved, That he was admitted Marshal of the King's-Bench in 1681, by virtue of a Grant made by Mr. Cooling:

That he attended the Committee, and, not being ready to prove the Allegations of his Petition, the Committtee gave him a further Day; but afterwards meeting Mr. Se-vear, and one Mr. trench, in the Court of Request,

Mr. Glover told them, That he presented his petition to the Mouse at the Instigation of Dr. Oates, and did not intend to proceed any further upon his Petition before the Committee:

That a Rule of Court, i Jac.II. was produced to discharge Glover from his said Office; and he is since barred by Act of Parliament:

8 M And

t

Abuseg in King'g-Bench and Fleet Prisons,

686 4* Mail. A. 1699.

And that nobody appeared on behalf die Petition of Antho. Morris; which was also referred to the Committee.

That as to the Abuses and ill Practices of the King's Bench and Fleet;

It appeared by the Books of the King's-Bench, That betwixt the 2d of May 1696, and the 29th Day of December last, 1,498 Prisoners had been committed to that Prison; of which but 137 appeared to be discharged, most of them upon the 10 /. A fit, and by Habeas Corpus: That many of the said Prisoners that have escaped were charged with very great Sums of Money; particularly the aforesaid Sir John James, for 41,000l. Bonam Stratigways charged with 26 Actions for 7,000l. and many others:

That, by the Fleet Prison's Books, it appeared, That 1,651 Persons had been charged from the 28th of April 1696, to the First of December last; whereof but 285 were discharged, as follows; vis.

By the Plaintiff - - - 115

By Supersedeas - - - 42

By the Composition of the Major and]

Minor Aa - - - -j «3

By Habeas Corpus - - - 85

285

So that within the Times aforesaid, both the said Prisons stood charged with 3,149 Persons; and but 422 of them were legally discharged, as appears by their Books.

That it appeared also to the Committee, That James Hunter, a late Waiter to the deceased,

had several Habeas Corpus and Reddit fe in his Custody, at the time of his Death; which ought to have been filed in the Marshal's Office:

And the Prisoner charged therewith, the Habeas Corpus and the Reddit fe were produced by Hunter's Widow.

AdJ then the Committee proceeded to inquire what Incumbrances are upon the said Prisons;

And Mr. Lentall, who has the Inheritance of the Office of Marshal of the King's-Bench, said, He knows of no other Incumbrances thereon but what Mr. Boulter hath, as the Executor of Sir John Cutler, deceased; and what Mr. Seciar pretends to claim, by virtue of a Writing executed by Lentall:

That the Incumbrances of Sir John Cutler appeared to be a Statute-Staple entered into by Mr to Sir

John Cutler, for 10,000 /. dated the lotli of August 1682.

12th August 1682, an Indenture between Mr. Lent-

hall and Sir John Cutler, reciting the said Statute; whereby Mr. Lenthall agreed, That the Office of Marshal of

the King's-Bench, and his Manors of LachfordandHafe-ley, in Oxfordshire, should be One Joint-Security to Sir John, to be void on Payment of 7,000 /. and Interest: That afterwards Sir John Cutler lent Mr. Lentall more

Money; and, upon a stated Account, under Mr. Lenthall's Hand and Seal, dated the 19th of June 1697, there appeared to be due to Sir John Cutler's Estate, on the 2Qth May 1697, the Sum 18,001 /. 19 1

That Mr. Lenthall has lately fold the Manors of Hafely

and Latchford, to the Earl of Radnor, for 8,501 /. 10 l'o that the Office of Marshal, to the said 29th of May, Hands charged with the remaining Sum of 9,500l. 91. id.

Mr. Boulter said, He was no-ways privy to, or consenting to, the Bargain made between Mr. Lentall and my Lord Radnor.

That in Obedience to the Order of the House, Mr. Sevear was heard by his Counsel;

Sir William Williams, who produced Articles* bearing Date the 25th Day of November 1684, executed by William Lentall Esquire, under Hand and Seal; whereby he covenanted, in Consideration of 45 /. to be paid down, and 1,600 I. per Annum Rent charge, payable Quarterly,

to grant to Mr. Sevear, and his Assigns, for Life, the Office of Marshal of the Marshalsea of the King's-Bench, with the Prison, and Perquisites thereunto belonging; to commence immediately after the Death, Surrender, For-24

feiture, or other Determination, of the former Grant to Henry Glover of the said Office:

That Mr. Sevear accordingly paid the said 45 /. and at several other times, other Sums of Money, amounting to above 200 /. in Part of the first Quarter's Rent:

That, Glover's Grant being determined, Lenthall refuted to perform the said Articles, and granted the said Office to Mr. Briggs; whereupon Sevear, in 1694, exhibited his Bill in Chancery against Lenthall, Briggs, and others, to compel a Performance of the said Articles: And, upon hearing of the Cause, Counsel allege-

ing, That he had no Notice of the Articles, the Court directed an issue at Law, to try whether he had Notice before his Grant, or not; upon which Tryala Verdict was found for Sevear, That Briggs had Notice:

That, after the said Verdict, and before Sevear could have any Benefit thereby, a late Act of Parliament passed for the more effectual Relief of Creditors, in Cafes of Escapes; and for preventing Abuses of Prisons, and pretended Privilege-Places; wherein there is a Clause to vacate all Grants or Deputations then before made, by Mr. Lenthall, of the said Office; of which Sevear declared he had no Notice; and coming back to the Chancery, vears Bill wasdismissed by reason of the said Clause: That, since such Difiniffion, Sevear brought his Action of Covenant against Laithall, and hath recovered 2,322/. 17 s. 6 d.thereupon; as appeared by Three several Judgments produced to the said Committee.

Sir William Williams also alleged, That Sevear had done all that Law would allow to do himself Right; and all that can be done is only to confine Lenthall to his own House, and Dominion; and can have no Satisfaction without the Help of an Act of Parliament, though it has col't Sevear above 2,000 /. as informed:

To prove which he called,

John Stanley, Mr. Sevears Attorney: Who said, Mr. Sevear brought his Bill in Chancery against Lenthall, Briggs, and others; and, before the Defendants answered, they preferred a Cross- Bill against Mr. Sevear 5 and those Suits, with the said Issue directed, and References toMas-ters, cost Mr. Sevear 1,500l. as he believes, besides what Charges he was at in prosecuting otherTryals atLaw.

It appeared to the Committee, That George Moor had recovered Judgment against the said Mr 30 Will.

8$ Mar. for 2,0251- for the Escape of Henry Paine, who was a Prisoner, in Execution, to Mr. Lenthall, when he executed the Office of Marshal himself:

That Moor sued out an Elegit, and seized Part of Lenthall's Goods and Estate in Oxfordshire; which Goods were fold, and produced about 100l. besides Charges; but he was turned out of the Possession of the Lands by Mr Boulter, by virtue of a prior Incumbrance, and can have no Relief against Lentall's Person; because those Persons who have since exercised the Office of the Mar-Ihal of the King's-Bench have been favourable to the said Mr. Lentall.

That the Warden of the Fleet said, He knew of but Four Incumbrances of the Fleet, viz. Norwood's Smith's, Johnson's, and Clement's:

That nobody appeared to make out the Incumbrances to Norwood and Johnson:

That the Incumbrance to Mr. Clements was a Mortgage upon the Fleet, made to him in Trust for several others, the 3d of May 1678, for the Term of 500 Years, in Consideration of 2,299 /. principal Money;

That 1,842/. with Interest, Part of the said 2,299'/. became due to Five Sifters of Sir Edward Low, deceased* who, in 1693, relinquished all their Claims as to Interest of the said 1,842/. Principal, which amounted to near 2,000l. upon Condition an Act of Parliament should be obtained for Sale of the Fleet, and that they were paid their principal Money by the First of January 1693, which was. not paid, though the Act was obtained,:

That the said Five Sifters have received but 250 /. of tbofidd 1,842/. and Interest; so that there remained due to them, on the First of January last. from the First of January 1693, only, the-Sum of 2,012/. 16* -9

Besides

11 W. III.

Mail.

687

The Third Resolution being read a Second time; Abuses in

An Amendment was proposed to be made therein, by King's Bench leaving out " but upon sufficient Cause shewn by the ^dfoFk*t " Defendant, or some Person for him, in open Court, in rnons*

" the Presence of the Plaintiff, or some Person authorised by him," and infecting, instead thereof, " and " if any Person shall be removed by Habeas Corpus,

" and the Person so removed shall not be bailed, or " totally discharged, that then the Person so removed " shall be remanded to the Prison from whence he was " brought:"

And the same was, upon the Question put thereupon, agreed unto by the House.

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, so amended, That no Habeas Cotpusiliall be hereafter granted

for removing of Prisoners in personal Actions

or

Besides which, the Fleet stands charged, by the said Incumbrance, with the remaining Sum of 457/. principal Money, and Interest:

Smith's Security is as follows; That Bromhall, being

seized in Fee of a Farm in Shropshire, fold the fame, in

December 167 7, to Smith, for 500 /.; and covenanted, that the same was free from Incumbrances, though he had before entered into a Recognizance in the Court of Chancery, together with JVm. Allanson and Edward Kinaston,

for 8001.: That, Bromhall dying, Kinaston sued out a Scire facias against the said Farm; and Smith preferred a Bill in Chancery, to be relieved against it; but the Court, on the 2 2d of June 1683, decreed Smith to pay Kinaston what he had paid for Bromhall, with Colts, by reason of the said Recognizance, which was to be assigned over to Mr. Smith, on Payment of the Money:

That the Master in Chancery reported 425/. 115. 3 d. for removing ot rriioners m personal Actions to any due for Kinaston; and Smith paid the Money in 1683, of the Courts at in order to be turned

and took a Receipt; and had the Recognizance assigned over to the King s-Bench or Fleet Prisons; and if any over: Person shall be removed by Habeas Corpus, and the Per-

And afterwards Smith preferred his Bill in Chancery son so removed shall not be bailed, or totally discharged, against Norwood, a Mortgagee of the Fleet, and others, that then the Person so removed shall be remanded to to be let into the Profits of the Prison and Premises, for the Prison from w hence lie was brought.

Satisfaction of his said Debt: And the Court of Chan- The Fourth Resolution being read a Second time j

eery, 26 January 1685, decreed the Equity of Redemp- Resolved, Nemine contrcidiceiitc, That the House doth

tion of the Premises mortgaged to Norwood for Smith's agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That Benefit: the Way for preventing the Abuses of the King's-Bench

That Smith is since dead; and his Right and Interest in and Fleet Prisons is, by dischargin" the Incumbrances the Premises is veiled in Thomas Holmden, and Mary his that are upon the said Prisons by Sale of the said Offices, Wife, and Richard Short, and Elis, his Wife, the Two ' 1

only Daughters, and Administratrixes, with the Will annexed, of the said Anthony Smith.

And that, upon the whole Matter, the Committee came to the Resolutions following;

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the present Officers of the Marllial of the King' s-Bench and Warden of the Fleet Prisons, in respect of their Management, have been very prejudicial to personal Credit, and a great Grievance to the whole Kingdom.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the many Incumbrances on the said Offices do cover those Prisons against Judgments, in Cafes of Escapes; whereby the good Intention of the late Act of Parliament for Relief of Creditors is eluded; the Keepers of the said Prisons, for Bribes, continuing to suffer Escapes; and the Creditors left without Remedy for the fame.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That no Habeas Cotpus shall lie hereafter granted for removing of Prisoners in personal Actions to any of the Courts at Westminster-hall, in order to be turned over to the King's-Bench or Fleet Prisons, but upon sufficient Cause shewn by the Defendant, or some Person for him, in open Court, in the Presence of the Plaintiff, or some Person authorized by him.

Resolved, That it is the Opinion of this Committee,

That the Way for preventing the Abuses of the King's-Bench and Fleet Prisons is, by discharging the Incumbrances that are upon the said Prisons, by Sale of the find Offices, or otherwise; and that, for the future, neither of the said Offices should be liable to any Incumbrances, except upon Escapes.

The First Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the present Offices of the Marshal of the King's-Bench and Warden of the Fleet Prisons, in respect of their Ma-

otherwise; and that, for the future, neither of the find Offices should be liable to any Incumbrances, except upon Escapes.

A Motion being made, and the Question being put, That a Bill be brought in upon the said Resolutions;

The House divided.

The Yeas go forth,

Mr. Brotherton, ( /-

Mr. Sloan 9 ‘

Tellers for the Noe,.

So it was resolved in the Affirmative

Ordered, That Kir. Offley, Mr* and Mr. Bro

therton, do prepare, and bring in, the Bill.

Tellers for the Yeas,

54-

Sir Robert JVaprxr reported, from the Commitee, to Hereditary whom the Petition of several Patentees, Assignees, and Excite others, who are interested in annual Sums payable out PaWnte*s-of Hereditary Lxciie, in behalf of themselves, and divers others, was referred, the Matter, as it appeared to the said Committee; which he read in his Place; and afterwards delivcred in at the Clerks T.able.

Ordered, That the said Report be re-qoinmitted to the same Committee: And that they do report the Matrer, with their Opinion therein, to the House.

A Message from the Lords, by Sir John and

Sir John Jrloskyns:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords have agreed to the Bill, intituled, An Act Simply ttlt; for layings; further Duties upon Sweets; and for lessen- Duties1 on ine the Duties, as well1 upon Vinegar, as upon certain SwWts* low W ines, and W hale-Fins, and the Duties Upon Brandy imported 5 and for life ealy raising the Duties

Upon Leather; and for charging Cinders; and for permitting the Importation of Pearl Allies; and for preventing Abuses in the Brewing of Beer and Ale, and

nagement, have been very prejudicial to personal Credit, Frauds in Importation of Tobacco; without any Amend-

and a great Grievance to the whole Kingdom.

The Second Resolution being read a Second time;

Resolved, Nemine contradicente, That the House do agree with the Committee in the said Resolution, That the many Incumbrances on the said Offices do cover those Prisons against Judgments, in Coles of Escapes; whereby the good Intention of the late Act of Parliament for Relief of Creditors is eluded; the Keepers of the said Prisons, for Bribes, continuing to fuller Escapes; and the Creditors left without Remedy for the lame.

for the more full and Supply Bill; upon Rock-Salt, with- Salt Duties.

ment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act effectual Charging of the Duties out any Amendment: And also,

To the Bill, intituled, An Act to encourage the Trade Newfound-to JSJezirfoundland, without any Amendment. land Trade.

And then the Messengers withdrew.

A Message from his Majesty, by Sir David Mitchell, Gentleman-Ulher of the Black Rod:

Mr.

688 4° Maii. — VJunii. — 13 °Juliis — 24?Aug. — 28° Sept. — 24® A. 1699.

Royal Assent to Bills.

Parliament prorogued.

Mr. Speaker, to give the Royal Assent to several publick and private

The King commands this Honourable House to attend Bills; and afterwards to make a most gracious Speech his Majesty, in the House of Peers, immediately. to both Houses;

Accordingly Mr Speaker, with the House, went up And to prorogue the Parliament until Thursday the Parliament to attend his Majesty: Where his Majesty was pleased First Day of June next. prorogued.

---

Jovis, 1° die Junii;

11° Gulielmi Tertii.

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Colcing, Deputy Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Thirteenth Day of July next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until the Thirteenth Day of July next.

Jovis, 13° die Julii;

11° Gulielmi Tertii.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Colcing, Deputy-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Four-and-twentieth Day of August next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until the Four-and-twentieth Day of August next.

Jovis, 24° die Augusti;

11° Gulielmi Tertii.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until Thursday the Eight-and-twentieth Day of September next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until Thursday the Eight-and-twentieth Day of September next.

Jovis, 28° die Septembris;

11° Gulielmi Tertii.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: Where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Four-and-twentieth Day of October next.

---

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until the Four-and-twentieth Day of October next.

Martis, 24° die Octobris;

11° Guliel. 3tii.

[Parliament further prorogued.]

THE House being met;

A Message was brought from the Lords, by Mr. Cooling, Deputy-Usher of the Black Rod:

Mr. Speaker,

The Lords, authorized by virtue of his Majesty's Commission, desire the immediate Attendance of this Honourable House in the House of Peers, to hear the said Commission read.

Accordingly, Mr. Speaker, with the House, went up to the House of Peers: where the said Commission was read, for the proroguing the Parliament until the Sixteenth Day of November next.

And the same was prorogued, accordingly, until the Sixteenth Day of November next.

[INDEX REMOVED.]

